
Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be. Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


At T-Mobile, our critical mission is providing unparalleled 5G coverage for when connectivity is mission critical. Introducing T priority America's Best 5G network experience for first responders, even in times of congestion. More capacity, faster speeds, better coverage. T priority from T-Mobile built for tomorrow's emergencies. Ready today. Discover more@t-priority.com For qualifying organizations on eligible rate plans. Coverage tonight available in some areas and may be impacted by emergencies.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for you from brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderella's advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at draftings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers. It's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice. Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the A. A really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the us and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard Test, a prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus, it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0. And if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if your 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard tests performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, the guide that's off the screen. The Liberty City legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro bowler, the Route runner extraordinaire, Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys so very much for your support and your continued support. And you heard me say it a thousand times and I'll say it a thousand more without you.


They are no us And we thank you very much. Make sure you go check out Shay by La Portier. We do have it in stock now currently, if we're not in the city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. And please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited. So once they're gone, they're gone. So please order yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour. Went on sale this morning. Well, that wasn't this morning. That was Wednesday morning as you had an update.


The rundown, our eight stops are Baltimore, Maryland, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago. And we end things in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. The link is also pinned at the top of the chat And we can't wait to unveil some of the guests that we're aligning up for you. Go grab your tickets Now. You don't wanna miss it. Hey guys, I wanted to show you guys this. The Signal Awards came in. This one is, we won for the 2024 Gold Winner Club, Shehe and Kat Williams Best podcast guest, Shehe Media. That was one, the second one.


This one is 2024 Gold Winner Club, shehe Athlete Shaping Culture, Shehe Media. Thank you guys. I know all of you guys don't aren't probably aren't subscribed to Club Shehe, but I wanted to thank each and every one of you guys that that Watch Club sheha that subscribe to Club Sheha, that twi that follow that, that, that share or talk about Club Sheha because without you, none of this is possible. So I want to thank you because I realize, although I am the face of club, she, she, there are so many people behind the scenes that make, make sure Shehe Media is on point. Ocho, I know you guys are. They've seen the graphics where each state that we're going to, we got a different graphic. We got LA we did Friday, we got we going Tochar Charlotte.


We got Talladega Knights, we go into Philly And we got the Rocky theme. So there's a lot of people, CJ and his crew, that pink there that make Club Shehe work and do what it does. So I wanna thank you guys so very, very much for making this possible because without you, none of this could be possible. So yeah, thank you again very much. Thank you for the Signal Awards. Thank you everybody that voted for Club Shehe to win these award next year. Hopefully we get nominated for Nightcap OCHO And we bring some gold headphones home or club. She, she, Yeah, most definitely. I'm, I'm, I'm sure it's gonna happen, but until that time does come, I would like one of those also to put in my game room.


I actually just two of them. I'm sure I'm, I'm sure I, I know you're the face, you are the face of Club Shehe, but without, without me, you're pardoning you pardoning crime. Just, I don't, I don't think things are even possible. Oh, so when I take on vacation, you wanna, do you wanna be the host of Club Sheshe? That's fine, that's fine. Listen, I can, I can listen. I can turn the switch on. I can turn the switch on when necessary. So if you need me when you take a vacation, I can fill in for you and, and and and and do that. But until that time comes, I'm going to need two of those Go headphones to go in my game room too as well. I don't know, OCHO Signal, you might wanna charge Calm down with Signal. You see what's going on with Signal.


They getting some very, very top secret information scrolled across Signal. Oh, you don't worry about it. You haven't heard him. Wait, talk, talk to me, what happened? Nah, it's, it's in the, it is political and it's, there was some information about the targeted attacks or the Houthis and, but anyway, somebody got that information that wasn't supposed to have it so signal it, signal didn't do anything. I think it was a situation where someone got a little careless and that's what happened. But yeah. Thank you everybody that's a part of this that made this possible. Thank you Team Pink. Dear CJ and that staff Jordan from behind the scene, the booking, because a lot of this has to do with booking that goes into it.


Obviously, You know, sometimes I have to close the deal by DMing people. But for the bookers, you guys have done an unbelievable job. So thank you very much. We could not have done this, but at the end of the day, we couldn't have done this without the viewers, without the listeners, without the subscribers. So thank you very, very much. Ocho half of the women's Final four is set number one seed. The South Carolina Lady Gamecocks and the UCLA Lady Bruins punch their tickets to Tampa, Florida today. Two remaining spots remain. The TCU Lady Horn frogs takes on the Texas no TCU, excuse me. The TCU Lady Horn frogs takes on the Texas Lady Longhorns. You Yukon the Lady Huskies takes on the USC lady Trojans minus Juju.


Great matchups. Yeah. Could we get all four number one seeds? That might be the first time that will ever happen, right? Four number one seeds in the men's side. Go four number one C then the women's side's side. In the same year. In the same year. I think that was probably the first time. I think if we're gonna get an upset, we'll probably be TCU, but Yukon could possibly spring the upset. But man, Paige buckets, she was sensational. She was sensational to the other night as if, and she, hey, she went on a 19 Oh, run by herself. Normally you see a team go on a run, they go on 10, 15, 20 point runs. Right? There's a lot of scoring going on.


He went, she went on a 19 Oh run by her, by her long. Yeah. So yeah, she, she seems to be peaking at the right time. Seems like everything is going their way. But I can't wait to see, like I said, the Lady Gamecocks. Lady Gamecocks and the lady Trojan Bruins, they're there. They're waiting on someone. Who will it be, will it be the Lady Horn Frog or the Lady Longhorn? The Lady Huskies or the Lady Trojan? Tomorrow night today the Lady Gamecocks took down the number two seat. Duke Lady Blue Devils coach Don Staley. It's our fifth straight Final four appearance.


The Bruins beat. LSU Yeah. To deny them another Final four appearance. If I'm not mistaken, I think this is the Bruins. This is their first final four in, in history of the basketball, the, the ladies basketball program. Now they're strong. Used to be strong in ladies softball, lady volleyball. Oh yeah. They were tremendous. When they had Lisa Fernandez, they got this thing started. They were really, really good in softball. No, they were, they were really good. They were great at softball. Right. But right now, but for them to now flip the script and be good in basketball, ladies basketball, that's very, very, that was, that's very good. They've come a long way. Ocho we have some very interesting sounds from the LSU Tigers head coach Kim Mulkey.


Yeah. Let's take a listen to what she had to say. Jayden Smith, KLSU sports coaches. The second straight year you guys could eliminated in the elite aid. Just, that's terrible. Yeah. Is that Terrible or is that good? Terrible. Is It? How many final fours you play in? None. Oh Lord Have mercy. So it's probably pretty good, huh? Yeah. All right. Really. Oh, oh, Joe, really? Yeah, I, but listen, I, you got to be careful with the, the question and the way you word the delivery and what you asking. Especially after, after a game, after a game like that and being eliminated. Yes. Now you, You know what they tell players, You know what they tell players after a game, right?


Take your time and cool down. Come to your senses before you answer any questions. She was stitch. She just lost. She just lost the game. So you have to understand why she was feeling the way she felt and why she used She's thousand. Did. Huh? Has she ever, has she not lost the game before? Yeah, I, I, yeah. I mean, Ocho it wasn't, he didn't even get a chance to finish the question. He's asking a coach, this is the second time you've been eliminated. And for you to snap back and says, well, how many final fours have you been to? I mean, you, this, you got you. I, I understand. Listen, I totally understand where you're coming from. As, as a journalist, as an analyst, excuse me, as a journalist, he has the job to do.


He ask questions to ask, to mention, oh, this is the second time you've been eliminated. You have to understand where she's coming from and see from her perspective, well, God damn, I just got eliminated. You letting me know. It's the second time I got eliminated. I know how many times I've been eliminated. Just, how about word the question differently? So how would, And You wouldn't get the response, how would you have worded the question Coach? It's an unfortunate loss. You guys have been eliminated. And then go on to what you wanna say. Mentioning that she's been eliminated twice is, is totally unnecessary and in a, some bit of a jab. And that's the way she took it. Which is, which is why the, that's, excuse me, I'm talking too damn fast.


Which is why she answered it the way she did. She was snappy based on the way the question was answered. You change the way you ask it And you change the delivery. I guarantee her answer is different. I don't think so. That's all I, That's all I'm Saying. I don't believe so. Kim Mokey has been nasty for a very long time, and she's gotten away with this type of behavior because she's a national champion winning coach. Oh. So he has a history of doing this. He Has a history of doing this. Okay? The same thing with Bobby Knight. Bobby Knight had a history of said behavior, but because he was a national champion winning coach, you excuse said behavior, remember? Right. People excuse the behavior if you win, if they like you, Kim Bunky has been nasty for an extremely long period of time.


If this is unacceptable for an athlete to say, right, well, how many final, how many times have you caught a pass in the NFL? Okay, how many times do you score a basket in the NBA? Okay. How many times do you, You know, struck somebody out the, that would be unacceptable. This is unacceptable Kim Mulkey. Right, because I gotcha. You know, he phrased the question if that, hold on, wait a minute, coach, I know you're probably upset this the second time. This the second and back to back years, you got eliminated considering, You know, she went to the, did she go, hold on. Oh, she went to the final four. Didn't who put it? Yeah, yeah. Lady late. Who put it out?


Was it hour? She doesn't plus ocho She doesn't have the horses that she once had. Right, right. I obviously, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Like, 'cause I remember 'cause they beat 'em in the national championship and then hour return to favor she doesn't have mean you lose, you lose a double double machine. And Angel Reese, she was sensational no matter what you think about her. She was a double, double machine. Yeah. She's gonna probably give you 15 and 15. And it was hard to keep Lauren bets six, seven off the glass. They got a lot of extra points. They got a lot of extra second chance points.


Hawke, Gabriela Hawke was great from the three point line. She really put the dagger through the heart. When they got the rebound, they got the kick out right. And she, Ben turned around and found her and she, she nailed it. That was fall intents and purposes, that was the end of the game. Fge was sensational, especially the second half. They needed more scoring. Yeah. And they couldn't get that other than Flager, they really didn't have a whole lot. Maro was kind of neutralized because BES is six seven. Right. That's a lot of height. And so she did a great job. I think she has six, six or seven block shots. But I just look, I I get it. Ocho I I I get it. Yeah. When we're, we're upset, when we're, You know, when emotion is high, logic is generally low.


Yes. And we say things and, and, and probably she probably doesn't feel bad because like I said, she's a a four time national champion winning coach, and she's gotten away with saying things. She's gotten away with treating people nasty. But for me, I, I just, I, I especially, I just expect more from a coach. Right. That's all. That's all right. 17, 18, 19-year-old kids. Yeah, I get it. Right. But when you've been in this situation for an extended period of time And you expect your players to behave in a certain matter after the game, I think the coach should set the precedent, should seek the example, should lead by example and set the president and say, You know what, Hey, you're right. We gotta do a better job of, of playing better earlier.


We gotta do a better job of, of knocking down shots, not turning the ball over. Yes. Getting some better players. Yeah. At the end of the day, it comes down to players win. You know, I can coach 'em up and put 'em in the right spot, but hey, that UCLO team, they play really, really good. There's a reason why they're the number one overall seed. Right. There's a reason why they won the Big 10 championship. They got an All American over there. They're a really good basketball team. So I know we are hurt and disappointed right now that we're not advancing, but we shouldn't hang our heads because we, we, we accomplished a lot this year. Yeah. We'll be back. Yeah, we'll be back Now listen, that answer you just gave, that's awesome. That's awesome. That would be, that would, that would be great for inauguration if you're running for president.


But when a woman that just, that just lost and just got sent home and like you said, emotions are running high, that ain't the answer you're gonna get. So If, so, if one of these coaches, so if Samson, if he says that right? If, if if Shire, if he says that right, they ask him, well you got knocked out. Well, how many final fours did you appear in? Is that gonna be okay? If a man says that, if a man has said, if a woman asked that very question to a man, right? And he said that, what would be said Ocho would that be okay? And You, You know, it's right. No, it wouldn't be Okay. But obviously not. You know what, wait, let me, let me, lemme say something. Okay. As, as a head, as a, as a male head coach, You know, they probably wouldn't answer the question like that anyway.


They, the, the response would be completely different. Even if they had been to Final Four before it got knocked out a second time. The way they answer the question in general, it just different, it, it, it just is. Now I'm not saying what she said was right, but I can understand, I can understand her being goddamn damn upset. Yeah. I don't need much I this I don't need you muck. Listen, I don't need you addressing the question towards me letting You know how many times I've been eliminated. I know that I just, I just got sent home. Yeah, but Ocho that's the thing there. Hey, the fact that the more you invest in something, the more you invest in something. Right. The more it hurts When it doesn't go your way. Talk to me that that's why you see, a lot of times I was a very emotional player because I know how much I put into it.


So it hurt me and it bothered me when I didn't see guy. And so, look, everybody take losses a different way. But I was one of those guys considering that I knew how much I put into it, how much I had sacrificed. Right. It bothered me. But I also understood I had an obligation, I had a responsibility because had she won, she'd have been ki Kiki. Right, Right, right. Totally understandable. Totally, totally, totally, totally, totally understandable. The Height you are when you win, if you're six five, when you win, you need to be six five when you lose. Yeah. Don't go below that because I see that a lot. Is that when things go well, everybody want, Hey, you got a question? Oh, what, what You ki Kiki up there now when you lose, you sure.


Right? That's it. Oh, you up outta there. Nah, bro. It don't, it doesn't work like that. Yeah. Everybody wants to win. Everybody can't win. You should be gracious in victory and defeat. Yeah. So if you're boasts in, in in victory, stand up there and take it like a man or woman when you lose. That's all I'm saying. Ocho and she's gotten away with this for a long, long time. She she has And, and and, and people allow her to do this. It's, it's kinda Like, You know, I love pop but pop was basically very disrespectful to reporters on the sideline to Sager. And what do you think? I'm just asking you. I'm just trying to do my job. I'm just trying to do my job.


Yeah. But like I said, when you win, people will excuse a lot of behavior Right. When you win that they wouldn't necessarily tolerate from someone. That doesn't win nearly as much. Much. That's my 2 cents. That was a good one. Haley Van Lith was sensational. Becker scored 40 against Oklahoma. I mean for TCU not known for women's basketball. Right. They got good baseball team football teams been good over the last couple years. Right. I would, if I was you, I wouldn't even say anything about that. 'cause I got your ass 50 yard line seats And you left in the beginning of the third quarter. So I would've hear anything. They must have been, they were getting blown out. Huh?


Georgia Beatles. 65 to seven, You know. Oh, we still made it. Oh. Oh. I would love to go. Hey, she calling me. I'm like, hold on, it's really quiet. Why? Where, where are you? Oh, we on the way home. But, but Hailey Van lived, You know she went to Louisville. Yeah. And the last time she was at Louisville, I think Texas knocked out in the Sweet 16. Right. I think Texas locked when she was at Louisville and they got chippy. Somebody said something to me, she like hand out my face talking to me. You ain't finna beat me and lecture me. That's like me ocho when I'm getting a ticket.


Hey look, you ain't go gimme a ticket Right. And let me go on my way or you can lecture me and not gimme no ticket. But you ain't doing both. Both. Yeah. Hey, that's funny. Go ahead Ocho. What you gonna say? No, I was getting ready to say, I mean the situation you talk about it was, it was, well they in in the, what do you call it? A after the game. Were you, were you exchanging, were you shaking Hands? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, yeah, yeah. Okay. I I I remember that. I remember that. That that went viral. That went viral As well. And I don't, I don't, I don't know if it was ever reported what was said. Right. The Texas Yeah, yeah, yeah. And she like, get off me. I ain't trying to hear all that.


We lost this game. I'm upset. See. But it should be a great game between Texas and TCU.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast. Don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging leather appointed seats. Yeah. Massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the posts. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Struggling to get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for everybody and budget. But what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep in your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses. Plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off.


Hey, everything's bigger in Texas. You got two teams battling out from that state. Only one gets to go to Tampa and play for national championship. And then you get page buckets. The Yukon Lady Huskies and they take on the Lady Trojan from USC minus juju. Everybody knew this was a collision course. Everybody knew considering what happened last year. Yeah. And we thought it would be just as good if not better because Becker's a fully healthy juju was at the top of her game. She was a magnifico. Yeah. And unfortunately we're not gonna get that matchup. The question is, can ine, can she lead them? Can she?


You can't look really good. Very They look, they look really good, but hey, we're about to find out. We're about to find out if it's gonna happen. If she can, if Becker's can. Because that's the only thing left to do on her resume. She's been a player of the year. She's been an outstanding player. But all the outstanding players that go to UConn, what are the ghetto CHO National Championships Champion. Yeah. You Sue Bird, your Rebecca Lobo, your Sue Birds, your Taras, your Maya Moores, the team of Charles's, the Stewy, the Montgomery's Paige. The only thing that's absent of her resume championship is a championship is a championship.


And that's how you, that's how you get immortalized there right. Now look, if she was at another program hotel that's not used to winning national championship Right, she might be the best player ever. Ever. Right. But when you go to UConn or same thing a Duke, when you go to these programs and they won and they've had historically great players, that's what Juju is up against. She Miller Championships. Cynthia Cooper Championship. That's what you're up against. And so now this is her last chance. Your last chance. Yeah it is. It it gonna be a tough road now.


Oh yeah, for sure. A tough road. There's gonna be a tough sledding. Yeah. USC ain't gonna lay down now because they got something to play for. Look, everybody that kind like man y'all, they ain't gonna do nothing without, they're not gonna do anything without Juju. Juju's averaging 25 points. We know she is 25, 5 to six or whatever the case may be. They don't believe people outside of that team and maybe USC fans that they can get it done without her. Right. She's one of the two or three best players in college basketball. That's a huge to take that out. Right. And then expect to win. But they expect to win And that's all that matters. It doesn't matter what the outside world we expect to win.


We know we believe it. We played our our game. We have a chance to winning this game. Right. And it's gonna take an outstanding game. It's gonna take that because you can, they get out there defensively and they got a fe a young lady that can take the game over and and and shoot you out of the jail. She can put the ball on the floor. Now she's not as physical as Juju was, but she can stroke it from the three. She got nice mid-range games. She could put it on the floor, go to the free throw line. She's a very, very good player. The only thing missing from Paige's resume, she's been an All American, she was a player of the Year. Championship. Championship Championships. Championship. That's what, that's what it comes down to. Ocho it it is really that simple because that program you're talking about the program where you're talking about the most storied programs in women's college basketball.


It's really two. It's Tennessee and it's ucon. Yeah. Pat Head, summit Rest or Soul and, and Gino. Yeah. You don't get any better than that. We good to go O Joe. Yo look who's joining us. Hey, he's 6 6 464 pounds. He could become the largest draft pick drafted in NFL history. And boy he had a pro game last week. He bench pressed 2 25, 36 times me more, more than any player did at the combine earlier this year. Yeah. He also ran the 40 and 5 3 9. He broke six seconds at over 460 pounds.


Had a 25 inch vertical jump. Y'all, let's put some hands together for Florida's outstanding defensive tackle. Mr. Deman walk Watson. Dad, what's Dad? You can hear me? Yeah, I can. Oh, what's up little fella? Boy you good? Good. I'm chilling. I'm chilling. Hey, where, Hey, where you at? Where you at right now? Where, what state you in? I'm in Florida. Where you from? The crib. Y'all from? Tampa. Oh, I ain't knew that. You, you in Tampa right now. Okay man, I'm coming To see you. Pick them up them Down while we, Lemme ask you this. Dez, you got the pro, You know, Florida's having their pro day. What, what were you hoping to accomplish and do you feel you accomplish that in your pro day?


I think I was just going there trying to surprise everybody. You know, I feel like everybody looking away and stuff like that and don't expect me to be able to move around. 'cause You know, usually people my size can't. So I think I was going there trying to surprise some people And I think I did. You definitely did. You, you definitely surprised some people because you picking him up and putting them down. I'm like, well damn. Yeah, We can move Now. You can move. Hey Unc, before, before you go, Hey dad, listen, if, if if, if the scouts and the people that watched film and watched college football this year, man. And they watch you play your short area quickness is like no other though. Your footwork is like no other though. So they should know you could already move a little bit and based on what you put on film already. So it really shouldn't have been no surprise that nobody when you was at what you, when you went out there and did what you did.


Yeah. Listen, I got, I got, I got one thing at 4 64 pounds. You think that's right. You, you think they got your weight right? Yeah, it was, it was. But yeah, You know, I still got process, You know what I mean? I definitely couldn't lose weight. I feel like my outlook or the outlook of Like, You know, my supporters and my fans and stuff like that Right. Isn't the same as Scout. So, You know, they got a, they got a number set for me that I gotta get to. And I think, You know, in order for me to be successful in the league and get to the league at that Right. I gotta get to that number Now. Now I always, I always thought about this. They always tell you what your what, how much you need the weigh and what you need to do with your body. How do you feel best? How do you feel you can play at your best? Is it, is it being a little lighter? Is it being a little heavy or what do, what do you think?


I don't know. I think, I think losing weight, You know, it definitely put me in a better spot for sure. Right, right. But I think, You know, I can play, but at the same time I wanna, I wanna do something if I get there. So. Right. I think being, being lighter helped me, You know what I mean? Did Okay, I heard, I, I don't know if it's true, were you at one point in time almost close to 500 and you've lost like 30, 40 pounds, haven't you? Yeah, close to it. Close to it. I ain't never touch it, but yeah. Yeah. So, so, so that, because I think the thing is right now they're looking at you as a two down player first and second down you stop the run, make sure, hey, you linebacker stay clean. They float to the ball. Hey look, hey y'all talking about taking up all these blocks I'm trying to eat too.


I'm trying to make me some tacklers. Y'all talking about holding this center of this guard and keeping from getting up on the linebacker, bro, I need to eat. I need to eat. So yeah, but I saw you Florida also. They gave me the ball. You carried the wrong dance. Yeah. That's really not, that's not my, my thing. You know, I usually don't like to be in the spot and stuff like that. But I know like since I got there, fans and stuff like that and then, You know, neighbor gave me the opportunity, I couldn't, I couldn't pass it up. So I had to do that. But see, what if they put you, what if the NF NFL team say Dev, we gonna put you, you gonna be on the one yard line and they want you to dot that I Oh yeah, they gonna put you to eye probation. I'm doing it So realistic.


So realistically, Dan, because for me, honestly, I don't think realistically, I don't really know if getting under 400, but I think you can get down to say four 20. Four 20 And I think that would give you sustainability. Now you can play 25, 30, 30 plays a game. Is that something realistic? Is that what Oh, so what is the, what is the goal that you have in mind as far as weight and far as play total that you think that, You know what, I can be at my absolute best if I get this weight and play this many plays. I'm not really sure specifically, but I know, You know, like along the process I'll be able to feel it. You know what I'm saying? Right. As far as play total, same thing. You know, I gotta feel it.


I played against Tennessee, which is the fastest offense in the nation all four years. So not, I mean like, just, that's not really a worry of mine. But at the same time, I, I know, I guess the lighter I get it, the more I can dominate because that's, that's normal, You know? So I don't know. I say I gotta feel it. What if the sky feel you? Go ahead Ocho, go ahead. My Bad. And you taking all my questions man. Go ahead. Go ahead, do thing. Hey de hey de check this out. I got a two part question for one. I wanna know how you like Cincinnati. Have you ever been CI Cincinnati? How would you like to be part of the Bengals now? I'm not trying to tamper nothing. I'm just throwing a little birdie out there for you real quick. Just in case, You know, I talk, I talk to people, I talk to management, You know, we need a little help on the defensive line. So I just wanna know if you've been to Cincinnati, do you like it?


If you don't like it, I can give you a suggestion on where to go once you get drafted. I never been to Cincinnati, You know, I'm, I'm from down south. I ain't really been too far up unless, okay, see we ain't never traveled a little bit, but I don't care who it is, You know, if anybody trying to put me in the jersey, you feel me, I'm, I'm ready for It. Okay. Okay. Well I'm telling you, you're a little good in stripes, but my second part of my question was, when it comes to defensive tackles, especially those that are coming out in the draft this year, what do you think it is about you and your game that separates you apart from everybody else and why a team shouldn't want you instead of any, any other defensive tackles? Why should you be off the board first? Yeah, I feel like I'm the best run stopper there is, You know, even with yeah, outside, You know, I think I got great technique.


Yes sir. I, I pride myself of being the smartest on D line or at least knowing, knowing the offense and defense that we're going against. I think, I think that's really the biggest thing. I pride myself being able to take a double team and stuff like that and You know, just doing my job. I think me being powerful and doing my job is something that would set me apart for most people. I like it. You heard that Mike Brown, duke Tobin, huh? Yeah. De tell me, tell me what, what you've heard as far as day one, day two, maybe, You know, first three rounds, rounds four through seven, what are you hearing and who, who's shown the most interest in Desmond Watson? I did a couple interviews with different teams. Like I say my, everybody's outlook is in the same, like, apart from my, my supporters and stuff like that.


And compared to the NFL Scouts, You know, I think they all can agree that I got athletic ability and I'm smart enough to do it. I got the, I got the ability. But like I said, that weight is a lot of, a lot of concern for a lot of teams. So depending on how much weight I lose, depending on where I could go, You know what I mean? So Lip it, Dan were you, were you always a big, how much did you wear as a child? Were you always a big kid? Yeah, I was always a big kid. But the crazy thing is I'm the only big one in my family. I come from a family of receivers running backs. Damn, damn. I Don't know, I think it was just desperate for me to play in interior. Everybody else had all the highlight plays and stuff like that. Like my older brother 5 9, 1 65, You know what I mean? So Serious.


I'm being serious. That's dope. That's dope. That's liar. That's liar. So I did, you said long as somebody's gonna give you a jersey gonna give you the opportunity to live out your childhood dream. Yeah. Which is play in the National Football League. Have you thought about what that moment will mean when you get that call and it's somebody to pick up the phone and say, may I speak to Desmond? Like, yeah, hey this, see Desmond we're gonna select, we're gonna select you with the next pick and whatever round that is. Have you thought about what that moment is going to feel like and how you gonna handle that moment? How are you gonna respond in that moment? Yeah, I mean, it, it would mean a lot but I think in my situation it, it still would be more time before I could celebrate it, You know what I mean?


Because I think getting an invite to a camper or something like that, or getting a call from a team definitely wouldn't be the end for me. You know what I mean? I just, there's gonna be more, I gotta make a team, I gotta, You know, get to the 53 and then make a play. I think my first tackle or something like that in the NFL being a lot more to me than the call would. Wow. Wow. I like that. So Lemme, lemme ask you this dance. So have you hired a nutritionist? So what are the steps that you're looking to undertake to make sure you get to that weight? Maybe it's not a number that they, that a team is set. Maybe it's a number that Desmond is set for himself. Have you, have you hired a nutritionist and what are the steps that you're gonna take to make sure you get to that number? Yeah, I was trained down in Miami, had nutritionist, stuff like that.


But after pro day, me and my agent been talking, I get back to work tomorrow actually in Tampa. All that, all that type of stuff. You know, nutritionist working out different type of different types of out workout therapy, all type of things, You know what I mean? My goal is to play in NFL and stuff like that And I know what, what it takes to do that. So me and my family, my, my agent, we're all hands on trying to get that, get that goal. Well, Well listen, whatever that goal may be. Now we don't have this talk about this online now, my resume, it speaks for itself as far as being a nutritionist and being able to provide all the necessary nutrients that you need to either gain or lose weight. So if you want to get in contact with me, it's a way to reach me And I can be down in Tampa tomorrow.


Yeah, I I heard about your, your, your meal plan. That's, that's how I got like this in the first place. So to go somewhere else. Yeah. Dan, don't you follow with that foolishness? Can't do it. You, You be heading the other way Dan, you be heading the other way. Yeah. Lemme ask you a question. When, when you was running, what did you think? Did you think you could break six seconds? So in training, did you break six seconds in the 40? Yeah, I think maybe like a week or two before that I got high five, seven or something like that. I knew I was gonna break it. I feel like when ain't have a lot of time to warm up, stuff started locking up on me a little bit, You know what I mean? But I definitely could have got a little bit better. Hey Dan, you, I don't know if you saw the game, but did you see the game when I think Baltimore played Pittsburgh?


Oh yeah, yeah. And, and, and Paris got that interception and he was about to take it to the house and he took a knee. You ain't gonna do that And you could have picked you going to the house, ain't it In that situation? You gotta take your knee. My coach, my coach Situation Take to the house. I can't do it. I don't know how to hold the ball. I know how to touch to people. I don't, I don't know how to hold the ball. They, Hey then you just put it up on their arm and put one hand up in there out it Sound. He, when people going for your knees, he ain't think about holding the ball. Don't you ever? Yeah, he had a G clear. You supposed to hit that prime time. Put your head behind your head there. Start highing on him. I was 21, but I ain't not, You know, Hey, Hey, I gotta, I got, I got, I got a question and this, this would be a good one. As a defensive tackle yourself, I want you to rank your all time five greatest defensive tackles that that, that you like or you enjoy watching and maybe that you model your game after or you watch p on.


Just who do, who do you think your your, your top five all time defensive tackles All time Warren shot. Oh that's a Good one. These not people I model my game after, You know, I feel like I'm a little bit different Aren. Right, right, right. Of course Chris Jones up there. Oh, he nice All Tom. It doesn't have to be all timem. Just your, your five friend. You Could Washington, Lawrence in there for sure. Dix. Yeah, he, he go there before it's over with. And the person I like to watch a lot and my, my game after is Vive.


Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, now You know what? Now you like Vita, ve now You know Vita eat McDonald's now I'm just throwing that out there. I'm just telling you I Can't do it. Vive get like 70 M right now. I can't do it. Hey, tell me hey, hey dance, when you get that second contract, you could treat yourself to some McDonald's. But that first contract ain't lose it though. If chicken brands fish lead cuts of Turkey and stuff like that. I got You. I like it. Hey, You know what? Some team might get you there just to stop that tush push You Stop, you stop the tush push. I got to that. I don't come with this equipment for nothing.


You sneak on me since I've been in college. Lemme ask you this then. You had offers from Alabama, Florida, state, Kentucky, Michigan, and Tennessee. What made you choose Florida? At the time when I was coming outta high school, they, they was an SC championship. Things was looking right. Of course I'm from Florida too, but they was looking right. I think it came down to the Wildwood, Florida, Texas a and m and Alabama, Texas a and m. I'm not sure why. I just don't, I didn't think they, they valued me as much as Florida. And then with that being close to home, I feel like it wasn't, wasn't a better choice. Okay, so you wanna stay close to home.


You was in Florida, you're a Florida kid. So how, so you, you are from Tampa, so Tampa to Gainesville. What's, that's an hour drive. 90 minutes. Hour, hour, 30. Okay, Well that close. That's real close. Yeah. Hey, so you going into the draft next year? I'm, excuse me, we going to the draft this year now, You know I do the, the rate the, the Madden ratings for Madden. So at the combine you did the bench press 2 25, you did it 38 times. I did mine 37 when I was at the combine. What would you want your strength to be so I can, I can go ahead and jot it down now on Madden Top top three. Top three. I ain't gonna say nothing. Nine but top three I'm up there. Okay, So I made like a 96.


I'll make you 97. Nah, I'll take that. Yeah, I'm, I got you. I got you. So your string gonna be a 97. What about your overall rating? I don't know. I need to be a run stopper or whatever it is. I need to have some run stop abilities. Okay. I got you. I got you. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna put that down. I'm gonna do that myself in the system if I get fired, it is what it is. Dez, we gonna get you outta here on this one. Yes sir. Your gators made the a made it to the final four. They take it at all. For sure. Yeah. That, that last game was the, the the worst game y'all gonna see. That was it. And they pulled it off. So You know, they got, they getting it all the way Then you hoop, you hoop two heads. I did when I was younger, but I think eighth grade when I stopped, I can though.


You come, you got skills like that. Yeah, I, I told you I come from family receivers and running backs. This i, this footwork is in me, You know what I mean? Yeah. It's Man, congratulations. All the best dance. Thank you for joining us for a couple minutes, giving us a couple minutes of your time. We wish you the best of luck and when you get drafted, come back and holler at your favorite dunk in your favorite number 85. I appreciate y'all. Yeah. Appreciate you. Don't forget me by that. Don't forgive me dad. By the nutritionist job. Sure I got you Bet. Block him. Dez block him. Appreciate you bro. Yes Sir. Hey, that was dope. I like That bro. Come on. I like that. Everybody see You. Come on. Everybody wanna see you. Come On Titus.


Everybody wanna see you? What you been doing? Yes, I see you Tituss. Look in the camera. Titus like, whoa, whoa. Oh, so You called me, you called me Ocho Arizona. Wide receiver. How you say that name? Roa McMillan O Ocho says he doesn't watch football and doesn't watch love, doesn't like watching game film. I don't like watching game film either.


I don't ever watch it by myself because we go over film as a receiver group. Ocho is this a big deal or no? You Know, I don't, I don't think it's a big deal because oh Lord have Marcel Ocho You Asked me a question, right? Yeah. Okay. You asked me. It's a big deal. I don't think it's a big deal. What does he do once you turn the film on him, specifically from an individual standpoint? So watching film is not a big deal. Answer what I just said. When you turn the film on and it's time for him to play, what does he do on the field? Regardless of him not watching film? Does he show up in place? Is he productive at what he does? Okay, I I'm asking You, I know a guy had that same thing, JaMarcus Russell, how did that work out for him?


I don't know. I don't know about JaMarcus. Russell, you Talking, talking about JaMarcus Russell. He was the first, no, I'm not. First up, overall pick. We not talking about JaMarcus ru, we talking about him. This Aren't Joe. So this man ain gotta watch, You know, for him, You ain't gotta watch film. You ask me, is it a big deal? I said, no, it's not a big deal. If you me, you get your ass on the field. How you gonna get mad at my goddamn answer? Because you're saying stuff Ocho you saying watching film for a receiver is not a big deal. Oh, he says he doesn't watch it by himself, but he watches it collectively as a group. You know, in order to be great, you gotta watch it on your own.


So just watch it. Just so, just watch. So just watching it as a group at, at the team thing. That's good enough. I'm just, I wanna make sure, just clarification. I Listen. That's him. I know what I did. O ocho. That's why we're asking you. You want the pro bowler, you're saying it's not a big deal. Wow. Can I, oh, hold on, hold on. Let me, let me may ask you something real quick. So, watching the film by yourself, right? Yes. Stay, stay with me real quick. Yes. Stay with me. You, You know what you're looking at. You're looking at DB's, looking at defense. Yes. I'm Watching. Look outside. Do do, do they do the freeze technique? Bingo. Do they press bail? What do they do? Outside, inside? Yes. I watch all that. Yes. All all that good stuff. Yes. Now that's that. Now me And you on the same page.


Right? Let's say he doesn't watch it as an individual, but he watches at a group. He watches it as a group. Once he gets to the next, the next level and he gets out and does what he's supposed to do without watching it individually, is it still a bad thing? I don't believe He's gonna, is he's still productive? Is is it still a bad thing? I don't believe I, me personally. Oh, you don't think he can get it done because he doesn't watch film by Himself? No, I, no, no, no, no. There have been guys that watch film and can't get it done. I just ignored. So I'm not saying that. But what I'm saying, but I'm saying is the intricacies of what you're watching that guy does at certain down and distance. Because everybody, so, because I've gotta watch a guy that he might play such and such different than what he plays me.


I need to know it down the distance area of the field, how that guy's gonna play. Because he's gonna play a, is he gonna play the sticks? Is he press be? Does he, You know, is he clueing? I need to know all that. If I'm not watching tape, it's just hard for, it's just hard for me. Right. To now he could, he could be that immensely talented that you say, You know what, I'm just going show up. But I don't know. I haven't heard any receivers that's worth anything that says, nah, You know, I'm good. I, because you gotta do it on your own. You got to Yeah. You, you had to. And You know, And I think about it now. I'm, I'm, I'm only, I'm only speaking because when he said, he says, he didn't say he didn't watch it at all. He said he watched it as a group.


Now that's one thing. Now him not doing it individually, I mean that, that, that's on him. But he was very productive in what he did. And when you turn on the film, He said, I don't ever need to watch it by myself. He, this is what he said. Yeah. Don't like watching film either. I don't ever need to watch film by myself because we go over it. Film as a receiver group. Group collectively. Yeah. See, yeah. That, that, that, that's, that's, that's different. My, my my reason for watching film individually is I had no choice. Unc, despite the entertainment, the jokes and the laughter and the celebrations, I was a student of the game. I studied film just like the quarterback.


You wanted to be good Ocho right? You wanted to be great. Oh great. Okay. I was gonna say, And you realized that's what it took in order to be great. Yeah. You realize that just your god-given ability wasn't enough gonna beat enough. Now that might have gotten you to that point. Yes sir. But what's gonna take me to the next level? Next level. Every other receiver is just as talented as I Yes sir. You Right. And so that's what listen, but ocho at better point, everything that's thought doesn't need to be said out loud. Oh, okay. Some things you just keep to yourself. He learn. I want you tell me what you 32 FL teams thinking. You Right.


I, but I, that's what I don't get. Ocho I don't get because You know how teams feel. Remember what they put. If it wasn't a big deal, why did they put that clause in, in, in, in Kyle Murray's contract. Kyle Murray K Oh, about about gaming. Yeah. Why would you, why would you ever say this publicly when you are about to get, oh Joe, somebody's about to get you going on a job interview And you tell the people I don't really like coming on time. Oh, why would you ever tell the people that's interviewing you for a job that get the job first? First. Yeah. And then let them figure out that you don't like to bring your ass to work on time. Yeah. I'm not gonna test you. Hey, hey.


Yeah, you right. But one, hey, one thing, one thing by Young Bull, You know, they, they, they, they, they interviewing him for a reason. They talking to him for a reason. If you watch him, if you watch him on film, you watch him on tape, oh, he gonna get drafted somewhere else. Now the issues and some of the things he already said, oh, they gonna fix that. They didn't. No problem. Because once you get drafted, wherever you go, they're going to teach you and, and, and let You know in order to be great, in order to make this 53 man roster, you're going to have to be watching film. You gonna have to, because there's a whole different ball game of one percenters. Once you do make it the things you were able to get away with in college, you wouldn't be able to get away with it. No. At that next level, you won't be able to.


And one of the edges that you need is up here. Upstairs. Yes. Up here. 'cause you need to know what the DB is thinking about doing before he does. Yeah. So, oh bro, I knew this down the distance. I done seen you too many times before And I know it's coming. This technique. Yeah. I already know what you're going to do. This is what you always do. Yeah.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah. Massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Gypsy from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool,


Struggling to get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for every body and budget, but what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep and your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses. Plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off.


There are articles being circulated now that now predict him to fall in the draft because of this interview. And 15 seconds of comments. Mm. Ocho. Yeah. Why OCHO you three Wait, three weeks through the draft is what? A little less than little less than a month away, right? Ocho, why would you ever say this? Yeah, I listen, I I I don't know. It's something I would've kept to myself. Yes. I I I obviously I wouldn't have said anything like that, but I'm also someone that loves, loves watching film. I love it. I just love it. I love watching dbs. I love watching the safety and then and seeing what they doing based on down and distance. So I, I was, I had no choice. Unc, I talked too much shit not to watch film.


I got to know what's coming before a come. I got to, that's the edge I needed. I wasn't physically imposing, You know, so my one edge was I gotta be able to beat you up here before I beat you anywhere else. You're absolutely right. I gotta be able to beat you up here. And I'm not even viewed as one of those, one of those type of players that, that was the student of the game. I'm viewed as just entertainment and fun. Man. You understand the work I had to put in throughout the week to be able to pull off the stuff I was pulling Off. The guys are too. Stop, Man, stop playing. The guys are too good Ocho. Way too good. The guys are too. Because you gotta, And I wanna tell people, everybody at some point in time was an All State, all conference, all American, all this, all that.


What's going to set you apart now? Guarantee. Now I'm just saying Ocho, just because you are all this, all that. Yeah. That doesn't mean you're gonna be great in the NFL. Just because you study film doesn't mean you're gonna be great in the NFL. But I needed ev you need every advantage that you possibly can get. Every 'cause this is a game of inches And you being open like you was open in college, that inch ain't gonna happen. Ah. Unless, unless it hey, unless it's a busted coverage. Yes. It ain't happening. Yes. Yes. So this notion that, You know what, Hey, I'm so gifted and You know what a lot of the dbs that you probably went against Yeah.


They might not be playing on Sunday, On Sundays. Yeah. But the guys you about to go against, all of them gonna play on Sunday. Every last one of them. Yeah. I'm just a firm believer. Ocho especially, and You know how this lemme ask you a question. Yeah. Those 33 general managers, those head coaches, I want you to tell the people at home what you think they thinking. Do they forget what me And you think is a big deal? Right? Do you think general managers and coaches, do you think they think it's a big deal? Yeah. You know, they think it's a big deal 'cause they want you to do everything right. They want you to do everything right. All the things necessary as far as preparation and being ready. What was it?


Not just for game day, but just for practice. How well do You know, how well do You know your opponent? Yeah. There's only one way to do that. That's through film study. But again, You know, You know what happened. I think he gonna be a gem where wherever he fall to, it's gonna be a gem. And if, if anything, if he does fall in the draft or maybe something like this, if he does fall in the draft, it might be a team. I hope he falls us because we can use him. But You know, like at, at the end of the day, it's something I wouldn't have said. It's something you wouldn't have said. You living, you learn. You, you're living, you learn. And he'll become a little bit more media savvy with the way he conducts himself when it comes to answering questions.


I I I don't get why you would ever put something that was gonna, and every stretch of the imagination, that's like a defensive offense. Lineman said, I don't like lifting weights. How fool them? I I these kids just like say anything. And, and what has happened is that in today's society, oh people wanna beat themselves and then get paid on somebody else's job. How that work on Joe? You hear people all the time, why can't be me? Because that's not your job. You not paying you when you work for your own self. Me if I want to show up late, don't you?


Yeah, I could. I I own the company. But how that gonna look? Right? You Have to set the example. I have a level of expectation be on time. I don't have a whole lot of rules. Right. To be on time. That's really the only rule that I have. Ooh, I got a great one too. Let me think about this now if I'm not mistaken. After Patrick Mahomes second year, was it second year? You said he didn't watch film? No, it was still great. He said he didn't understand what he was looking at. Oh. What he was looking at. Okay. Yeah. Well hell that. Hey that's, hey wait, that's the same goddamn thing. You watching it but don't understand what the hell you watching, but you still going out there cutting the fool.


It wasn't, it wasn't it, it wasn't until like, because he was it first year he didn't start. It wasn't until he got with somebody that understood and says, okay, look at this. Yeah this is, this is gonna be your keys because a lot of time, oh, I mean I went to an HBCU, I ain't know. Hey, we ain't watching no film. I ain't gonna lie. Right. Watch no film because in black college it, that's why if you get a corner outta black college, he normally, that's why they used to go to black college and get 'em. 'cause what could they play? Man coverage. It wasn't no cover too. Right. It wasn't none of that stuff. It was man Lock up. Oh man, Lock up. Yeah. Yes. So me, I would beat man coverage.


So aren't you, they go out there and run the zone. Hell, I'm booking it. No, no son. No, no son. Stop. Oh. Oh man, He ain't got me. That's funny. Then I started now all of a sudden Ocho I'm like, oh man, I like this. Oh this is cheating. You gimme me the answer to the test. Right. I know you gonna run a couple of coverages that you haven't shown me, but for the most part, you gonna be true to who you are. Always. I mean, every once in a while I was just watching a deer on, on ig with eating a, with eating a rabbit. Oh, a deer.


Yeah. Deers don't even eat rabbits. Pardon? Wait, see, every once in a while he show you something you hadn't seen before. So I'm saying to cur once in a while, Lord Joe, you gonna show me a coverage I ain't seen before? Right. Hey, that might have been AI you was watching too. Now that Wasn't ai. Hey, hey animal, get hungry enough. Just like you, you get hungry enough, you eat whatever I eat whatever when I'm not hungry. But go Ahead. We already know you eat whatever. But I, I, I don't, I like, I just say Chad, it is just me. I just don't understand why you would ever say that publicly.


Everything that you think people can think of, a thought is not a crime. A thought is not anything bad. Right. It's the act. It's the once you say it, why would you say that publicly and you're less than a month away from the draft. So what do you think the people that's drafting you and looking to put millions of dollars in your pocket? Nah, man can't. That's just like, hey, there are some icho there are some people that's naturally gifted that, You know Yeah. Didn't have to study for tests. And they were, they were good at it. Yeah. But guess what?


Them numbers of them words on the page ain't moving. When them guys try to put their hand around your neck and choke you choke your ass out. Hey, Now You know, now You know he gonna get tested. Now you, because first of all, he a first round pick. We gotta test you regardless. Oh yeah, absolutely. Because I gotta see what's all the hype about. I need to see why you, why you a first round pick. I need to see. Absolutely. I got to see whatever you come in with your resume. Heisman, biletnikoff, Thorpe, Gersky, outland. I don't know what you want, but if you got one of them awards, if you are a first round pick, you a high draft pick.


Let me see what they talk about. Man, bro, we gonna put you to the 10 ocho. You know that Every time We, we gonna push it to the test. Hey. Especially when everybody come together. Is it mini camp? No. OTAs. OTAs. Yeah. Yeah. OTAs. 'cause You know, they, they gonna have a, the draft, so probably like the first week in May. Yep. You got rookie mini camp. But it, it might be just all rookies. It might just be a rookie mini camp. Yeah. It's always Rookie, rookie camp first. You Know, like rookie and first year players, not the, You know, not the high draft pick, but the guys that, You know, guys that were on the practice squad because You know, there are a couple of guys that was on the practice squad ocho. Right. That didn't get a whole lot of playing time. Those would be the guys that are required to be in all the draft picks. The undrafted free agents that they brought in. They're gonna bring some undrafted players in then to take a look at them and see what they got going on and see if they could potentially be cal bodies or could possibly make a squad.


Right. But I don't, I I I don't know why he said that, bro. Yeah. Damn. But bro, I wish you the best. I can't do nothing. Wish you the best if, if that's your mo and gotten you that far. Hey Listen, it, it, it is gotten you this far. It's gonna change though. He'll understand that. They'll explain that to him and, And I don't, I don't think it will really. I I don't think it will hurt him draft stock because if they want him bad, if they want him bad enough and there's a spot for him based on what they seen on film during his collegiate career, they'll get him in there and fix the situation.


Now if you're coming here, you're not gonna, you're not gonna do this. This is what you're not gonna do when you come here. Your best players are your hardest workers. That's why you, that's when you get a Michael Jordan, you get a Kobe, you get a LeBron, you get a Brady, you get a Peyton Manning, you get a Adrian Peterson, you get a Ray Lewis, you get, that's what you get. Yeah. You get a Jamar chase. That's what you get guys that are immensely talented. Yeah. Work extremely hard, hard go the extra mile to be great because it's just not good enough. I don't wanna be good. I wanna be great. Yeah. I'm trying to be transcendent and historically great because when I'm done, I want you to talk about me when I'm done, I want you to say this guy, You know, this guy reminds me of, he reminds me of Jamar Chase.


Mm. This guy remind me of Ray Lewis. This guy reminds me of Lawrence Taylor or Reggie White or Tom Brady or that's what you want. Let me say some guys. Hey, I played in NFL 5, 6, 7 years. I played 10 years ago. Made me a nice salary guy who I did what I want to do. It all depends on the individual. What do you want your legacy to be at a given sport? I mean, some people Ocho You know, some people just like anything. Some people find hey, being on the job, collecting a check. That's it. Hey Yeah. I'm work in the same position. They content. I don't wanna move up because more responsibility come when you move up Ocho I like this right there.


I come in, put my eight, nine hours in Go home. Yeah. Nah, hell nah. That ain't me. Oh, Joe Tyreek Hill and Miami do seemingly patched things up after rough ending into the season. But he posted some cryptic emojis in response to trade speculation. Re posted a handful of cryptic polls, responded to Trigg speculation Peace sign. Why doesn't he just officially ask for T Trade? You think Tyreek is happy in Miami? I mean I, I I I would think so. I think he's happy with the weather. I listen, I think he's happy with no taxes.


I don't think he's quite happy with his quarterback situation. Yeah, punk man. That that, that's a tough one. That's a tough one because didn't Tyreek just lead the n leave the NFL What? Not just what, two years ago? Yeah. It wasn't like, not this Past year, but you ever let league receive it. Yeah. With the same quarterback, right? Yes, same quarterback. So it shouldn't be any issues. It shouldn't be any issues. I haven't But what's been the issue with the quarterback? Oh, he's been injured. Oh, okay, okay. I I I see, I see what you're saying. I that's tough on, that's tough. I'm not sure how Tyreek's feeling. I've talked to him on numerous occasions, but I like to stay away from stuff like that. Especially, You know, seeing dudes, You know, in the off season.


I don't want, I know they don't want talk about no football. They, they gotta do it all the god, all the goddamn time. So I think for me, the situation is good. I would love to be in Miami. I would love to be in Miami and hope and, and hope that Tua can stay upright. You know, this upcoming year. He can stay healthy And we, we, we know it. We know what he can. We know what Tua can do with Tyreek and Waddle if he's upright and healthy and that, that's been, that's been the main issue. It's hard ocho when the quarterback is injured frequently. Yeah. And getting timing with a quarterback. You got one week. So I got three weeks retire. I got three weeks with, with Tua.


Then I got a week, maybe two weeks with another guy. Then I got seven weeks with Tua. Then I got another two, three weeks. Ocho. It's hard, You know, it's hard to build chemistry with, You know, think about what it took for you to get on the same page with Carson. Carson Yeah. About, and don't care what you, you're not gonna get on that same page because you and Carson, y'all, there was a look that you could give Carson or Carson can give you. And We And we, And we knew what knew What to do And We knew what to do. Yeah. It is difficult. That came from years and years. Years, yeah. Of practice being in the game. He understand that you run certain route. The way you, oh, Ocho leaning. He about to break. I'm gonna throw it, but I, because I know he about to break. I know he about to snap this off.


Oh. Oh. I said he about to come, he about to put that foot in the dirt. He about to come right back to me. There's certain things and You know, oh, he finna throw this ball. Oh, this cover? Oh yeah, I'm getting this one. You already, oh, I'm getting this one. I don't care what it's called. I'm getting this ball. I'm getting this ball. Hey. Oh, he throwing to me. David Fisher said Fans Nation would be o would be open to trading Tyreek, Tyreek smile, probably Tyreek Hill said something and he gave you the both eGate peace sign. Well listen, You know, these speculations and these rumors, You know they always come from somewhere, right? Oh yeah. They, they always come from somewhere.


And so funny, the draft ain't too long. Ain't too far away. So do you think it's possible we might see a trade of some sort on draft day or maybe after and and move and reach somewhere else? If it, I I believe it hap okay. If it's gonna happen, I believe it happened on draft day. I don't believe it happens after the draft. Because then what? Because you want the draft compensation. You wanna be able to pick the, You know, I wanna be able to go in the draft and get somebody, obviously it's gonna be multiple picks maybe this year a, a second or a third or whatever the case may be and even next year. But I want to get some of the compensation this year. Right. So if it's gonna happen, it's gonna happen probably right before the draft or right during the draft.


I mean, hyper, hypothetically speaking, where would be a great place for Tarik to go Back, can't see it back Kansas City, City back to Kansas City. That's what you just Said. Yeah. That's what you that Yeah. You asked me what's a great place for him to go Look, Tyreek look when with Tyreek's Skill said every, any place is a great fit. Oh, absolutely, absolutely. All you gotta do is know how to use 'em the right way. Yeah. Know how to use 'em the right way. And boy all hell gonna break loose. Ocho he like leggings. He fit. Hey, it don't matter. They make leggings le, skinny, medium, large, LAR it don't matter. Leggings fit.


Yeah. It don't matter. He Leggings, he can go anywhere and fit. Right. Right. The Volume


Wasabi Technologies is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from those old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys Wasabi is the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams around the world. From Wasabi's AI enabled intelligent media storage, wasabi Air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, wasabi is driving innovation in data storage all for up to 80% less than those other guys. Try them out for free@wasabi.com.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond. Hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Okay. So we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bose premium sound system plays your favorite music. As the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today. Bows and massaging, leather appointed seats are optional. Features


Struggling To get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for everybody and budget. But what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep in your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses. Plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off.