
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they can achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into HubSpot's collection of AI tools. Breeze to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Someone tweeted one of my homeboys in a long distance relationship and his girl and his girlfriend told him she's not going to cook while visiting him because she's a guest. So every time a woman cooks for a ma for me, I send him pics. He be mad as af loyal Ocho. Someone responded. Imagine leaving your city and traveling to spend time with your man only to spend it in the kitchen instead. And that's what people call dating. Mm. In a long distance relationship. If you fly to see your man, you should cook for him when you visit. Should you? Yeah.


Is that I'll ask you. So if, if you in a relationship, should your girl fly to you? And should she, I mean, should she offer or should she be required to? Well, it, it, it, it, it is all all for me. It's based on what I like. It's all, it's based on preference. So anybody that I've dated, you already know. I don't want you in the kitchen. I'm not, I'm not with that shit. I don't, I don't care about you cooking I don't, I don't care about your culinary art school I skills. I really don't care if you come to me. If you're flying to me, we going somewhere to eat. Yes. If I wanted to date, if I wanted to date a chef, I would've dated a chef. Yes. If I wanted to marry a chef, I would've married a chef. So that's a requirement that I've never had. I think a lot of men, maybe 90, 97% of men prefer a woman that cooks.


They like that. They like that prerequisite when it comes to choosing a woman. Yes. For me, that's never been my thing. I really don't care about that at, at all. So I, I understand dudes, dudes feeling the situation. But if I have somebody that I'm dating long distance and she's coming into town, I don't wanna can't get into the kitchen house anyway. Yeah. I wanna be out I don want to take you somewhere? Yeah. I don wanna go eat. I want you to go put that shit on. You know, so I can see you dressed up all nights and stuff. Then we do what we need to do once we come back from our date at a restaurant. I don't want you, I don't want you slaving. If you traveling to me, you on a mini vacation anyway. Yeah. Why got you working. I agree. Ocho That's, that's me. I I've never, I I, I'm trying to think if someone has ever come to visit me in, in the kitchen.


No, that's not a prerequisite for me. If you can cook, that's, that's, that's a bonus. But I don't deduct points if you can't. Right. You see what I'm saying? Don't you, that that's how I'm, and I definitely don't expect for you to come a time zone or two or three time zones and you go gro we go grocery shopping because you gonna cook. Nah. Right. We gonna have a good time. We gonna go out to eat, we gonna go to the movies, we gonna do stuff like that. What I'm, whatever I'm capable of doing, that's what we're gonna do. But I, no, I'm not, I'm not expecting her to cook If she comes to visit me. Oh hell nah. Nah, I ain't worried about that. Especially if you long distance too. Man. We finna get, we both finna get, well listen, we finna put that shit on.


We finna get outta the house and have a good time. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. Y need you step. Hey, I'm, Hey listen, I'm finna step too. I'm gonna get probably black. Dickies gonna black Dickies crease some things down the middle with the starch. You know the starch I'm talking about right? Yeah. Yellow. Yellow. That Nira. What you know about that? What Know about that Niagara man. Yeah. Hey, you talking about getting the Dickies? She gonna get the Dicky. That's what you talking about. Get wearing Dicky. That what she going get and plenty of it. I don know what you talking about. Damn, man. Please man, you must stop playing. Hey, you ain't gonna be in no kitchen because soon, Hey, soon as you hit the door, Hey, she gonna shower. Yeah. Boom. That's one. She gonna get dressed.


We gonna go out to eat. Right. That's two. Right, right, right. We go, Hey, before we go eat breakfast or brunch, that's three. Yeah, That's three. Hold on, hold on. How many sparks you done took in between this, in between this, this time. One, one last like two days. For real. I don't wanna put I don't wanna put too many in my system. Hold on. One the last two days. For real. Yeah. 36 hours. Damn. I, Hey, I need what? Hey, send me. Hey y'all ain't you got, y'all got Amazon, Amazon account? Yeah, but send your boy some of them things. Yeah. You never, you never, you never know what they might come in handy.


Damn. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like, I like, I like that. Yeah. I ain't know that. I ain't, yeah, but I mean, listen, I, I mean, I mean that's, that's just a, a lot of dudes like that too, man. Like a woman knowing how to cook is something that they use and they can hang over our head like a goddamn, like a, like a carrot. Carrot. Hey Ocho. Hey look. Yeah. What happened? Ain't gonna lie to you Ocho. You take one. Yeah. By 20 minutes in. Yeah. I, I ocho you think Ocho I'm telling Hey then all a sudden, hey done. Yeah. Get back from hey, get back from eating.


Hey. Yeah man. Hey buddy. Oh, Joe. Before you go to breakfast, Right? Yeah. Every, every time. Every time you Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hey. Yeah, man, trips expensive. Yeah, I'm flying there. You flying to me, you talking Thousand, 2,500. Damn. Yeah. Where's she coming from? Africa Man. I feel like, hey, I feel like, hey, I give that prison, you know, ain't somebody been locked up all the time? Ain. Yeah. Even though I'm a free man. Yeah. All right. You Gotta get the baby on. All right. But I got you Ocho I got you. I got you.


Yeah. Mariah Carey reveals she makes the, makes Up to $3 million from her song All I Want for Christmas. I think that's annually, right? Yeah. Each year all I want. Oh, we can't sing that, my bad. No, Because then she'll get 3 million and Sam Mocha and some change from us. Right. Right. Man, that's a nice little gig, man. 3 million. Yeah, it is. And every Christmas. Every Christmas. Yeah. It's that, it's that jam. I mean, but that, that's probably like six months. Six months of her expenses. Yeah, because She got a glam key. She probably got security. Yeah. You know, you got nanny she got, yeah. Yeah.


But a that's what we need. We a we gonna get, we gotta get us a situation where we got passive income like that though. Ocho. Oh Listen, we gonna be there. I ain't even, I ain't even tripping. I told you, I told you wait till by, wait till about by the time we get to 2026. Oh yeah. We gonna be just like that. But I won't be living that lifestyle as if I got it. I'm still gonna be living way below my means. But it's gonna be there. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be able to touch it. I do, man. Hey, hey, look, those marks though, boy. Woo. Oh two. Hey. Just, just, just, just send your boy some 'cause it is, it for, you know, it is been about the, it been, it is been about a month now. You know, I'm just, I'm, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm Paul Am.


Oh man. Lord have mercy. Pull Real. Yeah, yeah. I'm sitting, I'm sitting back. I'm sitting back Paul, man, you know, you told, you told me you told me. Sit back and, and reset and, and take a, take a take a mental break, you know? Yeah. I'm pop, I'm gonna pop that thing at the right time, boy. Yeah, yeah. Oh Lord. Have mercy. Ocho have you seen the viral video of a little girl in Walmart going on an epic tantrum throwing food all over the place and shattering glass bottles? and I have a question. What ethnic, what ethnicity?


She was black. Oh, damn. Well, look where mama was at, man. I don't know. Ocho, that's not, it wasn't a good look. It was bad. Yeah. It, it was that bad. Yeah. I, I'm not so sure. We can't show, we can't show it. No, we can't show it. But every, I think a lot of people have seen it. I think me being who I am, right? I, I think I'm as father, as a father, as a father. I'm, I'm, I'm a I'm gonna go grab her. I'm gonna go grab her and say, come on baby, we can't do this.


Now, I don't know. Just as a father, I don't know creepy stuff. I don't know what she's going through. But this is not, look, and maybe she had an episode, but I think I, I, I think in that situation right there, compassion is what's needed. But not to destroy the people. Not to destroy someone's stuff. And so I think, you know, me being who I am and how I see things, I'm just going to like, I'm just going to try to like, come on, we gotta go. Damn, We gotta go. That's, that's just Where was her parents? Huh? I don't know. I didn't see, I didn't see You. What? I think it was one of them viral moments. They, where they created that on purpose. They put the dog up the door and they record him from, from far away.


Just to have this kind of moment. You think maybe, I mean, she was probably, I mean, what, what'd you think? She's a teenager? Probably like 13, 14, 15, 8, 9. She's like, they say she's like, Ashley and Jordan say that she, they seem to think she's like under the age of 10, The chance You, Chad, have y'all seen it? Have a lot of them say they're dead. But I just, I, Yeah, I mean, she ain't Dr. First of all, Ocho, she, I mean, the likelihood of her walking, I mean, like I said, I don't know the neighborhood. So maybe if somebody's from that area could know or know who she is, and maybe she walked there, may, it's, it's hard.


I I don't know. 'cause there are, you know, maybe she walked there. I don't know. But me being, I am, I, I I'm not gonna let people just destroy people's stuff, even as a child. Right. I think you have to have an intervention and you just like, you know, you know, you try to rat. You know, you try to reason whether you try to ration with the person, especially a child, and let them know there's, they're, I mean, whatever you may be going through, you try to, you know, appeal to them on their level. But you, you, you don't, I you don't, like I said, I don't know. But I just know that that wasn't the right way to do that. And maybe she, maybe she needs some help. Like I said, maybe she was handling an episode or something. But Right. Me, I just, I just try, I just try to, I just try to help, try to intervene if, if possible when I, when I, when I think I, when I think I can, or I should.


Dang. Oh, Joe, now is time we got your segment back. Yeah. Spell o Cinco. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. This is, this is what it's about. What it this is, this is what it's all about. This is what it's all about. Okay. Ocho the first word. Lemme Say a prayer. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Lemme say your prayer. Oh, amen. Okay.


Ocho. Yeah. Your first word is draconian. What? Draconian is an unusually harsh or cruel punishment. The draconian code. Wait, wait. Oh, no, no, no, no. Draconian. D-D-R-A-D-R-A-C-O-N-I-N-D-R-A-C-O-N-I-A-N. That is correct. DRAC. Yeah, I know, I know that one. I remember that one. I remember that one. Yeah. Stop playing with me boy. One for one. Got That Harvard education for you. Baby's the Harvard education for you. One semester before I got fail. Yeah. Okay. Mr. Mr Harvard, your next word.


Yeah. Is sanctimonious. Sanctimonious? Yes. Hey, I'm, I was sanctified. I remember that song. Okay. Sanctified. Sanctimonious. Watch this. Stay with me now. Sanctimonious. Oh Joe, stop looking at the chat. Go ahead. I'm listening. I'm looking at you. Go ahead. No, the is I see you looking down. Go ahead. You down. Ocho look at me straight ahead in the camera. Ocho. Thank you. Making Excuse Man. I see your eyes. Ocho, I see you looking down. No, we moving on. That's not the word. That's not the word. That's not the word. Hold on. I'm spelling fast as hell. Soon as soon As you Oh, ocho, we going anachronism. Who? An na. That's right.


Anachronism. Anachronism. Yes. Ocho. Stop looking at the ocho. People in the chat can see you looking down. Down At what? There not my phone is right here. What Lord Mercy. You talking about Chad. Do y'all see Ocho looking down? Hey ch, my phone is right here. I'm on my laptop. There's no chat. There's no chat on my Laptop. We looking Ocho So you see it? I'm looking straight ahead in the camera. You are not doing that. You're looking down. People in your jacket can see you. Oh. Saying they looking at you Ocho Chad, my computer is down. Ocho you not getting it through your computer. You got the phone set. You got the camera set up. You see how I'm looking? They can look in my eyes. They see you looking down Ocho.


There's nothing down. That's what you don't understand. Hey, listen. Hold on a listen to me. I'm on my laptop when I look down. It's people's name. Aaron Locke, Christian Hunter, Abey. Tasha at Alexa Davis. Yeah. The only way I can see the chat is if I have it on my phone. No Ocho, you just said it. Look in the camera. I'm looking in it. There you go. Now. No, no, don't look down. Look at the camera. Thank you. Ocho. Oh, now Ocho. Hey. Oh, I don't have YouTube on my laptop. Ocho. You see how you look dead through the camera when I give you the word stay. Look Ocho, you look, I'm looking at you. No, you not. I'm you on my computer.


That's what you not realizing. If I look up at the camera, I'm looking in the camera. But I look down on the computer to look at your face. You don't have to. No. Look straight ahead. There you go. You not, you're not making No, Don't look. Ocho don't look, Jesse don't. I'm looking at you. Ocho, stop looking down. Look at me through the camera. I can't help it. It's what I, it's what I've always Come On man. Gimme some do work. Gimme my word man. You, you're trying to cheat. You're trying to cheat me 'cause I'm black. Man, God, leave boy. Where you, Hey boy, you okay? Why you laughing man? Hey, my, listen, I just have a laptop to get online on the zoom so there's No, lemme Finish.


Lemme finish. There's no chat on my laptop. In order for me to be in the chat, I go to YouTube on my phone. That's how you see me looking to the laptop time. Chad. Do y'all see how I'm looking at y'all? That's because you See y'all looking at y'all. Ocho look straight ahead at me. There you go. Now don't Down. I'm ocho I'm looking down. I'm looking. Listen, look straight ahead. Listen. What do you need to look down? Just look straight At the camera. 'cause you're down. You're down below me. You're not in my Camera. Ocho. Yes I am. I'm right. Your camera. I'm right. Your camera. I'm looking at you. You don't get it, man. You're not listening. You, you, the graphic. The box is below me.


Don't worry about the box, don't worry about the graphic. All you have to do is look straight ahead into the camera. Ocho don't look down straight ahead into the camera. All right There. Ocho don't Come on, man. We do. Hey, we do the same thing every time I look at you when I'm spelling every time, now all of a sudden the note, It's a problem. O Joe, I be Ash. Give me a new set of words we finn to pull. We finna pull a slum dog millionaire on you. Now we been to do a slum dog millionaire.


Okay, bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Mayer's thick cup bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Mayers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen, pat are tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This stated art memory foam technology will have you feeling like your sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast. Sifting through leads. Creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans, check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities. High paying jobs in technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from esp n plus together like never before. With ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mads and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies. And Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com. For details.


Matter of fact. Matter of fact, Hey, I'm finna, I'm finna hit you with the, Hey. Who, what's the dude that did the dunk? Where he, where he did like this deep brown something brown? What's his name? Where my word at? Huh? Where we at? Yeah. Sound it out. Sound it out. Don't, don't, don't, don't do me like that. Sound it out. I'm ready, Chad. I got y'all, baby. This is for y'all, huh? Okay, I'm gonna give you an easy word.


No, let's go. Phony. Come again. Cacophony, cacophony, Cacophony. Use it in a sentence, please. It's the idea that something is similar to the truth or has assemblance of truth. Cacophony. No, that's re missiles to, sorry. That's not it. Come On man. Come on. Hey, you know what it, what A referee at referee. It's a, it's a blend of unharmonious sounds. I heard a cacophony of protests from OCHO when trying to discuss the Bengals. Losing street Ocho.


Spell it. Cacophony Ocho. Straight ahead. What? O Lord have mercy. I can't get the man. Look straight ahead, Ocho. You keep Calling my name. I'm looking down at you. Stop calling My Don't look down at me. You don't need look down at me. Look straight ahead to the camera. All right. When you, you don't, you don't understand. You don't understand The outro. Look straight ahead. Look your leg. Now listen To me. I'm trying to talk. You keep interrupting you so you can't understand. Okay, I have my laptop, right? Listen to me and I got my Sony camera. Listen to me. I got my Sony camera right above my laptop. So every time you call my name, I look at my laptop to look at your face. Okay? Like you call my Name. I see you.


No, but your setup is, oh my God. You not listening. I don't have your setup. I'm using my little First. Yes you do. Because look okay. Look straight ahead. Don't look straight ahead. You see how you're doing that now I stay right there. Don't move. I can't, I can't see you. Yes you Can. You don't need to see me. No, I'm looking down the barrel on the Lens. You, no, that's what I want you to do. Cacophony, Caco, cacophony, cacophony. Say it a one time. Watch this. Cacophony. Cacophony. C-A-C-O-P-A-N-Y. No. You sure? Yes.


C-A-C-O-P-H-O-N-Y. That's what I just said. Oh my God. You left the O out ocho. Okay. I I I left O out. But you gimme credit. Gimme credit for that. Gimme credit. 'cause I was close. Gimme Credit. No, I ain't gonna give you, were close. No Burr Russell Militude versus a militude. What? Yes. Bur a militude. Bear us a militude bear. Russell Ocho.


Don't look at it. Ocho ocho at me. Eyes. Eyes. I'm like, judge Judy, I'm looking right at eyes. Eyes right here. I. don. Ve I don't like Vera. Okay, Vera. A militude. Wait, come wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Hold On. Vera. A Militude. Let, let's Break that. Vera? Yes. Vera, Sub Militude. Vera. Sir. Militude, are we gonna break it down in, in, in syllables? You ready? Okay. Yes. Vera. VERA. Okay. Okay. Now say the second. Say say, say the second part of it again. Sam Militude. So Vera, some Militude.


Vera. Okay. V-E-R-A-S-A-M-I-S-A-M-I-L-I-T U-D-E-V-E-R-I-S-I-M-I-L-I-T-U-D-E. Vera. Similitude. Hold On. How far? I was off by a lot. Yeah. I, you know what, I don't really appreciate these words you're giving me. I, I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you. I'm appreci You give me words that I didn't even know that was in the su thesaurus and I've studied thesaurus back to back. Ocho back. Look at you.


Looking at, Hey Chad. Look at Ocho looking at me right now. You see, I ain't looking at me. No, no, no. Ocho you doing just fine. You was doing really great Ocho Ocho right here. Ocho Ocho. I'm looking right at you. No you're not. Oh, now I've been, we've been doing the show for god damn two years and I always look the same way down at you. And now you tripping because we doing Spell what Whatcha talking about. Boy, man. Osha, what's this in undoable? Indubitable.


Oh, indubitable. That's Ocho Indubitable. Yes. Damn. That's a good one, boy. Okay. I don't know why I, I remember this from some type of cartoon when I was a little kid. Maybe Mary Poppins in Doable. Damn Unc, that's a good one. In doable. And I-N-I-N-D doable. DO No, double IND Double O. Damn.


That's a good one. Unc I. Don't know that one. Boy. I'm pa I'm passing I-N-D-U-B-I-T-A-B-L-E Indubitable. Ugh. Impossible to doubt. Yeah, that's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. Yeah. That's me, that's me. That's me. You was two for five tonight. That's all. Yeah, it's all good. It's all good, man. It's All good. I'm trying to figure out how you got that first word. What you mean? How that was easy? Now, now that one, that was easy because the pronunciation, so I just sound it out. The rest of them shit's. Oh hell nah. I'm Finn to get what you call 'em. Next time we going we gonna do cities in Florida. Okay. Oh, that, see, that's too easy.


No, you, you ain't gonna get it. Cities, cities in Florida. Yep. There's nothing that's difficult where I won't be able to spell it though. Okay. Okay. Ocho, next time we have Ocho, I mean, or next time we have smell o Cinco. Yeah, we gonna get it. Okay, here we go. You ready? Hold On, hold on. Now it's time for Dunk on Unc Broncos edition. Where We at? Where we at? Where We gonna do fellow Bengals edition? Oh. Oh, you don't wanna do that. You ain't get none of them. Shit. You don old school. I, I was there. Unc I studied the franchise before I got there. Okay. Soon as I got drafted, I went back when Paul Brown brought him over to Cincinnati.


Okay. Yeah. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Dunk on Unc baby Broncos edition. Question number one. Who holds the Broncos all time record for career receiving yards? Oh, rod Smith. Okay. How many yards? You said? You said who holds the record? You didn't say how many yards Ocho Well, if I'm asking who holds the record for career receiving yards, you would think for context, you would, you would know the numbers yards. We, We don't, we don't get context. We just, we just give, we just give you the name Rod Smith. AKA foot. Alright, you got that one right?


During the two, during the 2015 season, which Denver Broncos defensive player picked off Tom Brady in the NF in the a FC championship game. Von Miller. Are you sure? I'm 1000% sure the final answer. Okay. You, you got, you got that one right? You got you, you got that one, right? I mean, that was so goddamn obvious. Ray Charles could have seen that one. Here we go With Joe, Who was the Bronco's first ever draft pick in franchise history? Oh my God. And in which year was it made? The first, the, the year Was, was this was the first, this was the, this was the a FL draft, not the NFL Draft.


Yeah. In 1960 was the first draft for the Broncos came into, oh, it was part of the, the league in 1960, the first draft pick. Oh my God. I, I couldn't, I couldn't even begin to tell you. I don't even know a name. You don't know. No, I don't know. Good. Because the name, the correct answer you're looking for is Roger Laur C from Trinity College. He was the first ever draft pick in franchise history. A FL draft. Not the NFL draft. Yes. Okay. Okay. The A FL had the A FL had their own draft. The NFL had their own draft. That's why they say before the merger and during the common, you know the common NFL draft?


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You finna get the rest of these wrong. Yeah. Okay. Question number four, which Denver Bronco player holds the franchise record for the longest interception return? And how many yards was it? You hear that? You hear that? Not only who has the longest interception, but how many yards was it? Well, Chad Bailey has the longest interception return, but he didn't score a touchdown. He did it against the temp. He did it against Tom Brady. He picked Tom Brady off about six yards deep in the end zone. He ran it down to the one. So I'm gonna say Stop looking down. Stop looking. Stop looking down. I'm not looking.


No, I'm not looking down. I'm not looking down. Stop. I'm Looking up. Stop. I'm looking down. Huh? Don't Look down. First of all, first of all, I gave you who it was as Champ Bailey. He picked off Tom Brady in the end zone. I'm gonna say he ran it all the way down to the one. 'cause Ben Watson knocked him out at the one yard line. I'm gonna say 105 yards. Actually, your answers god damn wrong. The correct answer you were looking for Mr. Dema Bronco. Mr. Bronco's nation was Aki to leave who had 103 yard interception return. Was you? That is the longest. Oh yeah. He picked up To, He picked off, he picked off the Cowboys.


He picked off Dez Bryant. But it was longer than Champs. Yeah. How long was Champ Free? Gimme champs Braley interception return in the division around the playoffs. He didn't score. We said No, no. You said who have the longest return. You didn't say Big Six didn't accept a return. Return. That's right. Return for touchdowns. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, you, You tripping. No. The longest return, the longest return for touchdown and the longest return are two different things. You said the longest return. Now gimme Champ Bailey's. Hey, we not this ain't we we ain't talking about Champ when we say, when we say return. You know what that means? Stop trying to be No. Oh, Joe. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. A return. Hey, A return is not a stat.


A hundred a interception return is not a stat. What are you talking about? Yes, it's, no, it's not intercepted. Return for a touchdown. Oh, Joe, you think they count how many yards you, you got on the intercept? Yes, yes, yes. No, inter yes they are. Go look it up. Go look it up. It's a return. It's a, it's a stat. Hey, it's a stat. Actually, actually, I swear I tell you what I do. I'll put the $3,000 that I got you that I got you back. Let's bet. Double or nothing. The interception return yard is the state. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. Slow down. What? Three, what? $3,000 I owe You. We bet. 2000. And then we bet a thousand at Odell wouldn't get a thousand yard. So I'm willing to bet Double or nothing. No, The interception Return yard is I.


don I don't, I don't wanna bet that was nothing. I want you to understand that you getting these answers wrong. That's it. Oh, I, I got that one wrong because chant was a hundred yards ake to leaves zone was further. Okay, But I'm just saying wanna make sure so you're sitting arguing you loud and wrong? No, no, No. But but you're trying to say return yards is not a stat. And it actually is. Hey, you wrong? Yeah. You, you two for two. Okay. You two for two and you finna get this one wrong too. Which, excuse me. What is the single season sack record for the Denver Broncos? And who said it? What is it? The single season Sac record for the different Broncos.


And who said it? You See what you trying to do? So I need to know who said it and I need to know the number of goddamn sacks. I'm gonna say, Come on. Bron. Broncos country it Elvis ville 18. Actually, that's wrong. The answer you were looking for Broncos country. Let's ride is Vaughn Miller with 18 and a half. You were close though. Back here. You were. You were close. You were close. Here we go. Yeah, you doing Listen, you doing just as bad as I was in that goddamn spelling.


And this is supposed to be your Team. No. No, because what you do, you supposed to be your team, is that you add, you add it on and see what I'm gonna start doing when I get you to spell a word, I'm gonna say, is it a verb? Is it imaginative? That's what I'm gonna start doing. You Do it. You do it. I'm Listen, I was an English major. You can do it. Okay, here we go. Which Denver Bronco player was selected to the Pro Bowl the most time during their playing career? Actually, let me, let me, let me rephrase that. Which Denver Broncos player was selected to the Pro Bowl the most time during their career with the team?


I'm gonna say John Elway nine times. Okay. You got, you got it right. You got, you got that for the winner. Hey, listen, listen ain the deal, you know, you know how you got it right? 'cause you was looking down, you was looking down at the chat. You was looking down at the chat. I Ain't got, nah, I Ain't got, I ain't trying, I ain't got no, I ain't got no chance. O just like you Did me, just like you did me Ocho show him. Just look down there, put the, put the camera down so you can see. Take it off the face so he can see. That's what's down there. That's what's on the chat. Oh. What? Wait a minute, wait a minute. Hold on, hold on. Well, let me show you mine. Hold on. Don't move. Don't move. Let me show you mine. We, you telling me nothing. Don't look down. Look, look what I see Uhuh.


You see? You see what I see? Too late, don't you? I won. Huh? After Champ. Hey, I told you there's no chat down there. It's just that's where you, that's where I see you at Ocho. So, and again, I won. No, you didn't Let me exalt in my glory. Hey, I'm hungry too. Here we go. We got, we got it back. We got it back. Hey, I'm feeling good, but hey, tonight, tonight was fun. Boy, that was fun.


It might be down here. Anything in there? No, Don't worry about it. I'm taking out a check. You want something to drink? You want some? Yeah. You We're gonna start setting up in Ash room. He ain't, he ain't Finn have my room served. Char, was that it?


Okay. Okay. Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers. Big cut Bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before. With ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com. For details.


Oh, now it's time for last segment of the evening q and a. Dan Boring. Ocho ain't cheating to his fellow. He's just looking down and seeing your video feed from Zoom call. You see? Oh, I I just showed you. I just, I just proved it to you like, it's like the, the box is square, so it's like you talking to me, but I can't help but look down at you. You feel what I did? I ain't looked down. Yo, you looked down. You were cheating.


Damn. I lost my Chapstick, man. Cutie Lawrence said, you know it's serious when Shaa hit that high note. Thanks for all the ator. What stadium had the best facilities that you played for? We went to the Super Bowl. We had the Dolphins facility and, and they they in West and what, what? The Dolphins facility Ocho aint they in West? Hey boy. It is new. It is new now. It's right there. It is right there in Miami Gardens. Boy, it, it is unbelievable. They, they, they revamped everything and they moved from Westin.


So they down in Miami Gardens. Right, right, right across from the stadium. Stadium Ocho back then and the Chargers. Right. Their, they our facilities within in La Jolla. I don't know how they didn't win more games than that. I never left that boy. They made our facility look like a dunk. That thing was super duper duper upper right? I mean, they had cold tubs. They had like three or four dip tanks and, and the weather in La Jolla. Woo. That was just gorgeous. Now if I had some money, Yeah.


La Jolla, San Diego area, I could live there. Mm mm It's gorgeous there. I ain't got no bread like that. I got Atlanta bread. Houston, I ain't gotta say they go to La Hoa California money. Right. Quentin May said how bald people wash their hair, don't you? That's a, that's a you question. I mean, what you mean the same way people with hair wash their hair with two hands? I mean, just because they don't have that don't mean you gotta, you, you don't, you don't clean your scalp. That's what I'm saying. You ain't doing no massaging your scalp. That's it. I mean that, that's about it. Anyway, right there, AB Elijah one.


What's Good Night Camp. I appreciate y'all for keeping me entertained with Theall show while Living Just Truck a life on the road. Keep 'em coming. I'll keep supporting y'all, bro. We really appreciate that, Sir. It's guys like yourself that's been loyal, that's been following us all this time and we greatly, greatly appreciate that. We definitely try to educate you guys, inform you, and most importantly, we try to entertain you at all the time. So guys, thank you for your support. I appreciate that. We appreciate that. Tony SG said hold up. Hey, who's going to get their first ring? First Bo Borough or Lamar? Broncos country.


Woo. That's a good one, boy. That is, That's a, that's a good one. Well, at least both. And, and, and Lamar got a chance to get one this year. We already know Bur ain't getting one in this year. That ain't happening. You ain't got, you ain't listen, you ain't had to say it like that. You didn't, you didn't have to say it like that. You didn't have to say it was so much conviction. We under We understand. We understand. We understand. Our season is over. We come to terms, we come to grips with that. Huh? No, these ain't no edibles guys.


These are some gummies that I just paid $20 for a job. I only eaten twice today. I had to go see my financial guy. So I'm only eating twice. I'm hungry. I might order some. No, it's gonna be too late, huh? No, we not order. I'm ordering room service. When you enjoy leave, that's what I'm doing. I'm gonna say, my head says Lamar, my heart says both Bronco country a life Hawk, wave Truth.


Shannon, ask Dan tomorrow with all those TDS and Stat Western had, did turnovers count in the game? See how, you see how he carried water football? Yeah. I wanna be interested to see, don't see because I'm I'm sure with those stats, with those stats ain't no way, ain't no way. Those, those turnovers man threw for 4, 9, 7 Ocho. Yeah man. And four touchdowns Balling you take, you take, you take at least take let's one turnover. That's enough. Take two of 'em away. They win that game. If I take two of Joe turnover away, dude, they win the game. Yeah. 38, 34 maybe 38, 34.


See? Yeah. Oh, Raiders man. Snap Hubbard, former Jamis pick this week. Kick me to F off KC Tampa. Denver should have a's worst jokes in week I've ever seen. Bro, bro, bro. Don't don't, don't do that in Bronco country. We don't take no a's, all we do is win. All right. Now keep keep it keep Remember that, remember that Everybody hands go up And They stay there. Remember that? Remember that. Remember this energy. Remember this energy you have Make us smell deodorant.


We made us smell deodorant on offense and defense. Okay? We referee do his hand like that. He smell deodorant. You feeling good? Huh? Okay. Your time, your time will shoot your, yeah, listen, your time will soon come. You gonna be right in Cabo with us. Oh, I ain't bothering nobody, man. Ain't bother. Hey, your time will come. Hey, y'all see how he am? He wishing bad on me. I ain't wishing bad on you. I ain't wishing bad on you. I'm just, I'm just listening to you. How much, how you speak so well with confidence in your Broncos team. It's cool. Bronco country.


Okay. Country Mayor. Brian Martinez said, wanted to let y'all know my little sister May finished chemo two weeks ago. She's officially in remission. She really loved the word y'all told her months ago. Bro, thank you so much for getting back to us. I remember having this conversation and I told you to make sure you keep us updated. So thank you, thank you so much. But the prayers will continue and hopefully she stays in remission. Yeah, just remember, stay prayed up. God is good. Michael Moon said, oh, why Brown's not using Nick Chubb? I mean that man had a gruesome knee. He ain't a Yeah, he not a hundred percent right to be running.


Nah, nah, can't anywhere. I mean next year. Don't Put him in the ground Right Next year I think And plus using him for what? Y'all ain't going nowhere. Yeah, let's gra this thing. Let's try to keep him healthy for the rest of the season. He gets an entire off season to train because remember there was no training. It was all rehabbing. Give him a year and I think we'll see the chub that we've seen in the years past Buckeyes raised seven 40. Shannon, Chad, if you could put yourself on any team in history that didn't win a championship but had the potential to, and if they had your skillset to win, who would it be?


Shit, I gonna say that 20, that, that, that, that 2000 what? 2013 Bronco team that's put up all those numbers ping through for almost 5,500 yards. He had 55 touchdowns. I'm gonna give me some of them. I'm gonna meet some of them yards. I want some of them stats. Damn. He had five players with double digit touchdowns on show. Damn. Yeah, I need that. You gonna stay with the Bengals? You ain't going nowhere else. Adam bla says what's up Icho?


I got two words for Chicago. Ben Johnson. Let us know what you think. I like that. I like that. I like Ben Johnson. I think he's gonna get a lot of, he'll think he's gonna get a lot of calls. I think AG Aaron Glenn gonna get some calls. Yeah. Yeah. But I like, I I do, I do like the Chicago job because like the guys, like they said earlier, the general manager said they got Cap space, they got draft capital, they got young talented players on the opposite side of football. They got a quarterback that seems to be getting better and better each week.


I like the Chicago four. KT said Jonathan Mingo has 10 total yards with the Cowboys for a fourth round pick. We'll go down as as one of the worst trades of the 2020 decade. But that's Jerry. Jerry. No, can't nobody do that job better than Jerry. I promise you can't nobody do worse. Tony Tone said Deebo is a perfect fit for Baltimore. I do like that to run after the catch a good blocker. I like it. I like Deebo and the system he's in now. Oh yeah, Kyle. Oh yeah. Kyle knows how to use him. You know the right way. Oh, but I don't, I don't I.


don know if they I don know if he, he he, he goes back there at that number though. Ocho oh, oh, they gonna be so ocho they gonna be so far over the cap, right? Because they've been kicking the can down the road trying to get to the Super Bowl to justify all the, all the moves that they've made. Right? Right. And even if you, if you win the Super Bowl show, even if you over the cap, you're like, Hey, we gotta tie out of this. Right? We can live with that. We'll break it, we'll break it down and we'll start all over. But at least we got a championship from it, Right? Ain't got nothing. They gonna have to break it down, don't you? Because guess what?


You gotta play Purdy. You gotta pay Him. You got Deebo making top money. You got, are you making top money? You got Kiddo making top money, you got McCaffrey making top money, you got Big T do Trent Williams making Top Money. You got Fred Warner making Top Money, you got Nick Bosa making top money. You got your both corners making top money. Yeah. God damn Leonard Floyd making. Oh Joe, you some got to give. Yeah, Some's gotta give. Mr. Busby said Unc and Ocho love the show and I learned a lot from you guys. Thank you guys for the knowledge and the great fun that you create on the show.


Blessing Mr. Busby. Thank you bro. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. We appreciate your support. We love to get positive encouragement and hey, just tell it, Hey, if there's something else you'd like to see us do more of, not a lot of, Hey, we take feedback. That's what, that's what we try to do. We try to get better. And what better way to get the, to get better than, than getting feedback on what, what our viewing audience and our listening audience want to hear. So we take any comment, we take any criticism, whatever the case may be. We, we huddle up as a team and we try to run better plays. That's the only way that we can get better. But we thank you for your input. Greatly appreciate that.


That concludes this edition of Nightcap as the Broncos thanks to two pick sixes and a turnover at a at a pick lake. They beat the Cleveland Browns by the score of 41 to 32 to withstand career night from Jamis Winston, who was three yards short of throwing for 500 yards. And Jerry Judy had a career high nine catches, 235 yards and a touchdown against his former team. But it was not enough because the Broncos defense was sensational when they needed to be. Thank you for joining us for this episode of Nightcap. I'm Unc Shannon Sharpe, that's Ocho Bingo ring of Famer honoree.


He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro and he's From Liberty City guys, make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your loyalty. Thank you for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by Laier. The holidays are a pun us. We wanna make sure you have a joyous and festive holidays. What better way to do that than with a bottle of Shea by La Portier And. if you can't find any city or a state near you, just order it and we'll make sure you get it before the holidays. One more thing, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. The newest release just dropped due to high demand.


You had a glitch of our system, but we got it up and running so everything is smooth sailing. So make sure you guys take advantage of the final hours of our Cyber Monday. Sale items are Up to 60% off. Make sure you guys subscribe to the get our text notification. We ranged, we ran a huge flash Cyber Monday deal earlier. Five lucky people got their orders completely free. Ire Williams got a sweatsuit, got a sweat set. Andy, Sarah DERs got a hoodie. Steven Garcia got two free shirts. Arius Easton got a free shirt as did Keon, Prewitt. And of course, and that's not all we want to give back you guys even more now, if you spend 200 bucks or more, you'll receive a complimentary hat.


All you have to do is make sure you have in your cart $200 or more. Add the hat that you want to your cart and when the hat will be marked free upon checkout. We've also released stocking stuff for substantive beanies, cos and mugs. Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Hopefully, hopefully you enjoy this marathon. I know had a 30 day marathon Ocho. We just completed a six day marathon. Six six. We went six straight days. Hopefully guys, you were entertained, you were educated, you was informed.


Hopefully, most of all guys, you had fun. It's been, it's, it's, it's been a lot. It's been very exhausting for OCHO and I, but we felt it was necessary to do this. We thank you for your support. We thank you for being there and keeping us, keeping us strong, keeping us held up. We appreciate that. I'm he's Ocho We will see you tomorrow. No, we'll see you Wednesday as the Broncos beat the brown and all we do is in the Bronco country. We eat. We I'm he Ocho. See you Wednesday. The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar I to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with the brand new format and things are heating up Match day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the Zo Show a whip around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, a member FDIC.