
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the First time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The Volume


NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho Now it's time to welcome Chief Royal Rams Ramsey. Chief Royal Ramsey is the co-founder and chief Executive Officer Officer of Forestry and fire recruitment program. Chief Ramsey founded FFRP to help individuals who are formerly incarcerated and work within fire camps overcome barriers that prevent them from entering the professional field of firefighting. The forestry and Fire recruitment program maintains a 10% rate of recidivism across the 200 plus placed employment compared to the California state average of 42% and 82% nationally. Chief, thanks for joining us today, man. How you doing? Oh man, I'm doing well.


So Shannon, how you doing sir? I'm doing great, bro. I'm doing great. Thanks for joining us. Nah, thank you for having me Chief. What's up baby? What's up on show baby? What is the deal? Hey dude, baby, shoot. I'm and I'm chilling man. Listen, I gonna had your hands. I cut mine off, man. Yes, sir. Chief, I wanna ask you this, what led you on this journey to, to, to find, to discover, to fund this program in which you are a part of now? Yeah, so, so when I was 20 years old, I made a, I made a mistake, right? I end up, you know, making a poor choice in life and I end up, you know, committing a crime.


It got sentenced to six years in prison. I end up, you know, serving four years, eight months. And in that time I had the opportunity to, you know, go to fire camp and I know like a lot of folks don't really know about that program and it's pretty much been around since the 1940s. Okay. So, you know, California utilizing incarcerated people to fight wildfires and you know, giving them an opportunity to, you know, obviously serve the community and going out and doing their thing. But they get paid, you know, pretty much a dollar an hour to do this work. So I remember around the time that I actually went to fire camp, it was, I actually got sent like sentenced and then I went to, I was in reception for a while and then they sent me to outta state from Arizona to Mississippi because the time that I got sentenced, it was overcrowded in California.


So I had to, you know, I went out and, you know, went to Mississippi and you have a annual review every year. And when I, when I had the ability to go, 'cause I had my, my points dropped and they was like, Hey, you want to go to fire camp? And I was like, in my mind I was like, what's fire camp? Right? I heard, I heard about it when I actually got sentenced, but I didn't really know. So from there, you know, just had the opportunity, you know, talked to a couple of folks, I'm like, Hey man, you know, what's this fire camp stuff? And I was like, Hey man, this is dope. You know, you better food. You know, you have a, you, you have the ability to go out and, you know, have a part, like I said, with your family, you, you know, you in a community, you're not locked up, you're not in a cell.


So I was like, man, this is a, you know, a good opportunity and I can go back to California. See my family haven't seen them in like 20 plus months. So I was like, you know what, let me just go make it happen. But Shannon, when I tell you I had no idea what I was getting myself into. Yeah. It was crazy, man. For real. So, and then it led, you know, and, and I grew to love it. I had a passion for it when I got there and I was like, man, I could really do this. This is something that I, you know, that I could, you know, make happen. I, I had adversity when I was younger, when I was a kid and I wasn't ever scared of fighting fire. I'm, I, you know, I had a couple of, you know, ly you know, some, some, some experiences in my life where I had some, some challenges.


I almost died a couple times. So I was like, you know what, this is something that, you know, I'm not scared of and, and I just loved it and, and, and it was dope. So If you don't mind me asking, I'm gonna ask one more question though Cho I'll let you take it, right. If you don't mind me asking, what is some of the qualifications in which a inmate qualifies for this program? Program? So the qualifications, you know, you, you can't have a arson, you can't have a sex crime. You can't, at the time that when I was there, you, you know, you couldn't have any murder or something like any violent crime, right. In a sense. And you pretty much go through what is called A PFT. You do some physical training. Once you pass that, they give you a, a basic like S one 90 class.


And this is all I'm talking about is when I was there. And then you pretty much gonna be able to go out and they assign you to a fire camp and you really under the qualifications of the captain. Okay. So it's, it's really quick, you know, it's like a couple week, you know, process to get you, you know, going and then you out there, you fighting fires. Listen, one of the key words you just said, chief is passion. You had a passion for something. And obviously most of the times people have a hard time finding something that they, something that they love to do and actually having a passion for it where it doesn't become a job, it becomes something that you actually love. Now, how do you help the participants gain the skills and the confidence needed for such as a demanding job in wild land firefighting?


Because that's, that's, that's for one scary two, it's life or death depending on the situation, right? Right, right. So it's how do you do that? You know, helping them gain the skills and not, not, not only gain the skills, but you need confidence to be able to do something like that. And that's what our, the Forest fire recruitment program is pretty much all about. Like, you know, just like us being from, from the urban community, right? Or, and having that adversity growing up, you know, we built for tough, right? We, we've been, we've been through some stage, right? So it's really easy to chop it up with folks and be like, listen, like, you know, you, you already been through that road in your life, right? You already had, you know, you probably the black sheep of your family, you know, you probably disappointed your family in, in some moment.


And like this is an opportunity for you to be able to utilize the knowledge, skills and abilities that you have, right? In order for you to be able to get a family winning career. And it's really just being real with 'em. Just like, I'm, we, we having a conversation right now. It's just like, you know, hey, do you want the bag? Everybody want the bag? Everybody want the jewells. Everybody want to be able to have something to look forward to, to, to have pride in, have purpose, right? And it's really to really sell it and say, look, this is a real true opportunity. So, you know, listen to your captains, listen to or take this time, you know, to yourself and really understand the, the process of like the mental and emotional and the physical attributes of like really focusing and locking in just like when you was on game day o show, you know?


Yeah. Talking people up. It's like how you, Janet was over there, saw the fucks up, you had me pumped up earlier with some highlights in and it's like, that's, that's where you have to understand like the opportunity, right? Right. And, and I think by me talking and just telling my story and inspiring folks and loving on folks and showing 'em like, look, I've been where you at and like, I, we already been through the worst. So then why not take this opportunity to get to, to get the opportunity to be able to be a, a firefighter, make the bag, you know, take care of your family and, and win. Lemme ask you this, there's a lot that's been said about the incarcerated firefighters today that's currently fighting the fires in Los Angeles.


Can you explain to us fact of fiction that, of what's circulating online? How much do I, I don't know if you know this off the top of your head. How much are they getting paid and do, if it only forest fires, do you guys, do you guys go fight burning building fires or it's just these large scale massive fires? Yeah, so when it comes to folks that's in California fire camps, they actually focus on wild land firefighting. Okay. That's what you pretty much trained in. Okay. Also though too, you know, you can, you know, respond to a, a flood or any like, national disaster that needs support when it comes to like, just having bodies there.


Okay. And yeah, so that's pretty much that, that question for you, Shannon, How much you got? How, what, what's the pay because it's been paid, like, okay, you get $10 an hour and then blah blah, you get another dollar an hour, so it's $11 an hour. So if you don't mind me asking, what what's the pay scale? Yeah, it is, it is, it is, it is dollars. They making about 20 something dollars a day, you know, from what I was, you know, all the research that I have done and known because they've been trying to like compensate folks for being at fire camp. I know one of my CDCR partners, Fred Money, captain Money, he, he, he had scorched me if I didn't say that they wasn't trying to make efforts in trying to, you know, give folks some more money, but it, it is pretty much a dollar an hour when they out there on the fire, but they're trying to figure it out.


But yeah, it's, it's hard work. It's, you know, you making what, you know, $30, 10, $12 a day Yeah. For, for the day, you know what I'm saying? Because they do two four hour shifts and then they 24 hours down and then 24 hours on. So Yeah, it is, it is definitely, it, it's pretty much the same thing as, right, are you going to college and you getting pimped, you know what I'm saying? Like, let's real, right? Like, like, you know, the the end IL right? Like now it's starting to come about right? Because of like, you know, folks seeing that how much money that, you know, the NCAA is making, right? Like it's a similar kind of situation, right. So you can understand what I'm saying. But my biggest thing though is like, I wanted to bring you to the NFL, right?


I'm trying to give you the opportunity to go out to get this bag and with all the, you know, opportunities you had in, in college, right? And, and when you was in, in fire camp. Let's take that to the league, man. We, we need, hey, the league is short right now. We right back the, when this league was in 1960s, and we try to, we need, we need folks to be able to come out here and make it happen. But you Check this out. Go ahead o go ahead, go ahead. I, I was gonna say, listen, early, early, early in life, obviously you, you, you've, you've, you've made some mistakes. Listen, we've all, we've all made them, you know, you've had obstacles you had to overcome and you were able to do that. And many of us don't get a second chance. You were able to get a second chance. And I'm, I'm just curious, what, what's been the biggest hurdle you've faced in making the forestry and fire recruitment program a success and actually getting people to wanna actually do it despite what the paint might be?


So it's, it's a lot of things. So I think the biggest one, one of the biggest hurdles is like, can you actually do it? Right? Because a lot of folks knew, like, it was some rumors around like, yeah, you can, you can't, but if you really think about it, public service in prison kind of don't mix, right? Correct. Like, cop, you think about, you know, a prisoner, it doesn't mix. You think about a firefighter, you think about a prisoner, it don't mix, right? So I was like, you know, me and my co-founder Brenda Smith, you know, we was on, you know, we was laying in the bunk one day or just like, you know, just chopping it up and it was like, man, like I really enjoy this man, I really wanna do this. And he was like, man, you know what, we should, we should figure it out. Like, but I'm like, you know what, once we actually know the process of becoming, coming from fire camp to, you know, being a professional firefighter, you know, I want to be the model of day Harriet Tubman, you feel me?


I wanna bring our folks, you know what I'm saying? To right, to, to get their back, right? So it's like, okay. And then we obviously, you know, it, it was a lot of, it's a lot of stuff. It's stigma, you know, obviously is, you know, understanding the process of how to get there right after the application, you know, build a resume. And then, and at the time that I was around, it was like band a box wasn't there. So like, you know, you know, you have to explain your crime and what you did. So I, I was, you know, my, when I first started, I worked with the US Forest Service and, and I put my, on my application, I'm like, look, this is the crime that I committed, right? But then this is what I'm doing to be able to, you know, obtain, To try to tone for my mistake, Right?


So I'm, Hey look, I'm going, I went to this while Land Academy got my certifications in college, right? And I'm, you know, trying to be able to like really push it to, to the next level and be able to get a position with y'all. Like I'm, I'm, I'm showing you not only just the things that have happened in the past, but also the, the things that I'm working on to be able to be a great citizen and being able to be a asset to the comp, you know, to the organization, which is the, the Forest Service. So from there, you know, I got, you know, then I got an interview and man, it's just like, they was asking me like, you know, so what makes you the be, you know, the best person for this job? And I was like, look, I got experience right when I was in fire camp and you know, I did 20 months, you know, fighting fires, doing fire prevention work.


I was the first saw I was out there, you know, doing my thing. And then not only that, when I came home, I got my credentials as far as getting my certifications I need. And then now I'm actually in college pursuing my as degree in fire technology. So I'm like on that and, and experience, you can't be right. So I, I am the best po you know, I have the, the good position to be able to be the best, best person for the job.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free, overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe. And a subject to monthly limits timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. What have I told you? That Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true. Long lasting weight loss results all for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. $3 a day and a three minute survey. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest election, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com, use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage cell prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco Consumers


Chief, I wanna ask you this because there is a stigmatism that comes along with someone that's been incarcerated and that gets out a lot of time. Employment do not want to offer them that because of their prior history, right? How do, how are, what are you doing and how can we as a society realize that some of these men, women have something to offer society in a positive? Because there is that stigma that they don't want to give you a job. And so that's why I believe the recidivism rate is so high. Well, if I can't get a job, you're not gonna give me gainful employment. I gotta go touch somebody to get it. 'cause I gotta survive. I'm just gonna be honest with you. I gotta survive Chief. My God, that's my guy, man. Hey.


And that's, and that's the real thing, man. And that's where I like, want to want to tell y'all today is like, you know, I can, I can speak from experience. I was, you know, I was a little firecracker when I was younger. So I think even the respect that I gained from these men and women that's out there battling these fires and stuff and that's in these fire camps, I can really attest to what they going through and, and it's really an important factor of me being able to like talk to, like, so for example, I'm gonna tell you some, some real stuff. So Cal Fire, right? That's like the state's fire department, okay? They actually one of our biggest funders, okay? And and they actually support what we are doing and they put they money with their outfits, right?


Governor Gavin Newsom, he passed a bill that was effective January 1st, 2021. It's called AB 2147, which allows folks that's been incarcerated and fire camps get their record sponge once they come home. So big shout out to the governor, right? Big shout out to Cal Fire. And, but one thing that we do need to, like I really wanna talk to y'all about too is like CDCR, you know, I've been wanting to chop it up with them for a while and these are the folks that, you know, house these, how's the folks that's been incarcerated, right? And I, I'm really looking for a partnership and for us to really, you know, help out those thousands, you know, folks that's out there battling these fires right now and, and should be able to, you know, put their money where their mouth is, right?


Let's, let's like we, we really need people like this is, this has been going on for a while. Long time we started our organization in 2018. It's really been a struggle. I was actually just talking to my wife man and like, it, it is been a journey for me, OCHO and, and Shannon and, and my team too. And like, to be honest with you, my co-founder Brandon Smith, his his grandparents' house burned down. Just inna. Oh, sorry To hear that. My, my director of finance or her house burned down in the Palisades, right? It's been an effective, like, not only just what we've been doing and been trying to, like, we've been, you know, we've been struggling. We a nonprofit organization, you know, we trying to do something that's right. But like it's, it is been a lot of like, you know, it's been a lot of stigma.


It's a lot of like, you know, pressure with this. And now that this hadn't happened, like, you know, we've been around, we, we want, we want to, to be able to provide folks opportunity and stuff. So yeah. Let me, let me stop there. Lemme stop there because I can go into tangent. What's the best Way people can support your organization, your efforts to do what you continue, what you, to help you continue to do what you're doing? Honestly, if they can donate, I don't care if it's five, 10 $50 right? To, to the forestry fire rp.org or even just awareness like I'm a TED fellow 2024 TED fellow, shout out to all the TED folks. I have a TED Talk. And just spreading awareness of the organization and what we doing. And I think that's really what needs to happen.


Like folks need to know what we actually do. And I think, you know, to all the, you know, athletes, to all the folks that been in that lived in the urban community, I feel like we would definitely would love your support. And knowing that we actually, you know, getting folks that say that there are, you know, zeros when they go to prison and you the homies, right? Like all the folks that we know that grew up, like I'm actually providing them an opportunity to get a, you know, a six figure job, right? And if you think about that in la, like that's huge. That's life changing money for folks, right? And, and even being able to get their record exposure, like have a whole zero to hero kind of like mentality and, and shout out to, I'm gonna be honest with you, shout out to like a RC, shout out to J Cod, shout out to like all these folks that's really trying to, to make things happen on, on a higher level.


Even Kim Kardashian, she's been saying some things about us and trying to yep. Uplift that voice, right? But we, I need support from, you know, folks that's in the LA community, that been in urban community that understand what we, we going through and think about Uncle Jojo, you know, uncle Nook, nook and all those folks that they, they're the one, they're the ones who be going to fire camp, right? And they can be able to get that. And when they see that, you know, all it takes is a little bit of effort. It takes a mindset. And, and that's another thing too, Shannon and Ocho I wanna say. Like it's, it's, you know, it's mind control over deebo, right? When you can be able to inspire and show like, look, you already been doing it bro. Like you might as well just go ahead and, you know, dive all the way.


Make Just an honest hustle. It's an honest hustle. Right? Exactly. And you think about it, it ain't, it ain't too many opportunities. You can come home from prison and make six figures. Think about, think about it and what we're doing, we're like, think we only training a hundred people for, you know, year round. Like right. And then one thing that I wanted to, to tell y'all talk to y'all about too is that I've been trying to like uplift the, the Buffalo hand crew. So I don't know if you educated on this like about the Buffalo soldiers and, okay, so, so they, you know, obviously the African American men, you know, wanted to serve in the, in the armed forces and they actually went out to, it was a fire in 1910 and they, they saved a, a town in Avery, Idaho and they did a back burn.


And that's something that we kind of like do like, you know, even today and that kind of has been kind of like a little tradition, right? And being able to do prescribed kind of burns and like trying to save and stuff. And I actually launched a crew in 2022 and it's called the Buffalo Buffalo hand crew. And what I want to do is, you know, build a crew where I can be able to do fire prevention and fire suppression work throughout the, throughout the state. 'cause that's one of the things too, you got those hose, those those houses that burn in Palisades and I, and I know like it is like a, a wind event that like is just, you know, a natural disaster and you can't really like stop that. But it is some things that we can do as far as going out here doing some fire prevention work cutting brush, right?


'cause the more brush that's cut, the less embers and all that stuff is out there, right? Right. So If, if, if a, if a fire burn, if a burn is the same thing as a break. 'cause I remember when I was growing up, they would used to take the break, they would burn certain areas so that if there was a fire it could only go to to the, so once it's burned there is nothing, it could jump over and keep going on. So I'm very fam I'm very familiar. I I just wanted to know if a burn the same thing as a break. Yeah, pretty much. And that's where I think if we do a lot of more, you know, fire permission work, it's been efforts, right? It it is a process. It's a complicated situation. I'm gonna be honest with you. Yeah. But I want as a, as a organization, a nonprofit organization to be able to do this work gear round and do it more frequently.


And I can hire folks internally, like if they can go through my program and Osho, I gotta ask, I gotta ask your question Osho. 'cause I I did, I did did tell you how we do it, right? So we recruit, we train and then we help them get a job with the, you know, give 'em a resume, go through the application process. 'cause we know, and then that's when we mentor them throughout their, their career in sense. And you know, we help 'em with the social services we help 'em with, with the expungement. Right? And I gotta give it a lot of shout out man to, to a lot of my people that, you know, have been, been with me since the beginning that believed in me. And you know, we, we have a location in San Bernardino, LA County. We have a location in Oakland and we trying to just continue to do our work.


And I think what we are doing is transcending and it's really transforming folks' lives. And I just, I appreciate the platform and the opportunity for you to have, have me on here and you know, I just wanted to do the good work. I didn't do this for, for the riches and Fame and the glory. I did it because I felt like it, I knew that this was something that I needed to do and it was gonna be able to help people's kids. Kids, right? Yeah. Like it's a generational thing. Think about it. When you have a person that can make that amount of money to be able to put their kids in private school or put 'em in a better school system and then they become something right? And then like generational Or just to be able to provide right That part and it's, and the money, look, it's, it is a ocho Hey, I I hear you about saving that bread baby.


Like, hey, if you don't got no bread, you can't save nothing big. So you, I mean, right, we, we we got to and hey, I, I need, I might need to like, you need to start like a little financial class or something, man. Like I might need to, you might have to give me a little sidebar like how to do it, man. So I got you. I got you. I got you. Yeah. You know what, what we did tonight, Chief Royal Ramey, all the money that we're gonna collect from the super chat, we're gonna don donate that to the organization. But I believe so positive and so strongly in what you're doing, I'm gonna personally donate $25,000 outta my own pocket. 'cause I really appreciate what you're doing. I love the fact that you're trying to help the community try to give back and try to keep guys from going back into the, into, into the system and to have gainful employment so they can provide not only for themselves, but for their family.


So I really appreciate it. I appreciate you taking time outta your schedule and coming on here and sharing a little insight of what this program is all about. Because we see, we've heard so much about these young men that are out here fighting these forest fires for really pen risking their lives for, for pennies on the dollar. And so I, I appreciate that and I'm sure everybody here that's watching this appreciate, appreciate your service and what you're doing. I know Ocho and I, we greatly appreciate it. So all the money that we gather from the, the super chat tonight, we're gonna donate that to your fund. But you're gonna get a personal, you're gonna get a personal donation from Shannon Sharp in the tune of $25,000. 'cause I believe in you, I believe in what you're doing and I want to say thank you for what you're doing.


Yes Sir. Thank you man. Salute for real. Salute. Not, not, not very many times, you know, do we get a second chance at anything? Not very many times. And what you doing man, is commendable and you know, from the bottom of my heart, man, I really do salute you. Yeah. I appreciate you Shannon, man for that. I, the first thing that came to my mind, it was like that, that Jerry McGuire man all don't make me cry, nigga gonna make me cry, baby. Nah Bro. Make me cry man. Just Keep, just keep, just keep doing what you're doing. Keep God first. Keep doing what you're doing bro. And I'm proud of you. I'm happy for you and this is a great program and hopefully there are a lot of young men that want to take advantage of this situation to do something positive.


Yes, there made a mistake. But that let, let's not make that be the end. Let that be the start of a new beginning. So congratulations on your program. Like I said, thank you for joining us tonight and we'll check, check back in with you down the road. Alright? Thank You'all, I appreciate both of y'all. Shannon and O Show. Have a good one. You too, bro. Oh man. That's Chief Rora Ramsey. I call him Ramey. No. Is it Ramsey or Ramey? Ey. Okay. Ramey, he's the co Founder and Chief Executive Officer of the Forestry and Fire Recruitment Program. And it's doing a lot of good things because what it does is give inmates an opportunity to learn a craft because it's hard.


I mean, it's hard for them to get a job because somebody, they put on that thing and do you have been convicted of a crime? You say, yeah, then blah, blah, blah. They're like, oh no, we can't hire you. Yeah. So now I ain't got no game for employment. I'm out. But what can I do to survive? How do I get a place to stay? And, and so a lot of, and sometimes family don't want you around because you know, you've done something and so it's hard. And So, you know, like I said, I mean when you don't have employment and you need to survive, a dog won't starve themself. Humans are no different. They're not gonna starve themselves. So if they can, if they can't get gainful employment, they're gonna find a way to survive. And so what Roy Ramey, chief Roy Ram is doing, if giving guys an opportunity, I greatly appreciate that.


And I don't mind, like I said, I've been very fortunate. I've been blessed. God has blessed me be beyond blessed. And so if someone's doing something positive about Joe, I always wanna be able to lend a hand. Yes Sir. So thank you Chief for coming on and joining us. Ocho an accounting error didn't get Jimmy Butler paid report. Miami had an accounting error that left Jimmy Butler without pay for 10 days. Jimmy Lee reportedly took pri private flight separate from the team in order to visit his sick father. Mm. So in other words, he wasn't just taking it because he didn't wanna file on the plane because Pat Riley might have been on the plane, he might have had beef. He was like, look, I'm gonna meet you where you're going, but I really need to see my dad.


Right. My dad is not gonna be here much longer and I wanna spend as much time as I possibly can to be with him. I'm gonna join you wherever we're going. Right. But just give me that opportunity to be with my father. So I mean I he, that should have been addressed and that should have been told to them ahead of time. Huh? Or the reports wouldn't have come out that he was flying, you know, flying solo. They think he flying because he don't wanna be with a team. But obviously he had a reason why he wasn't with the team. And now that it comes out, he lets it be known. That should have been already talked about internally. So there was no issue. But because there was some strife and, and you know, there, there was some separation between Pat Riley and, and, and the powers that be that he can pass that message on.


You know, I, I guess I'm assuming just Jimmy did it his way and now once the, once the, once the issues came out about him flying solo, now he lets people know that, you know, pops is sick and that might have been something that he didn't want to, you know, he didn't even want to get out. Correct. I think the thing is, I mean, I don't know how you, like I said, I'm figured if you taking private flights and something like that, his, his dad is probably really, really ill. And you try to spend as much time as, as, as as with your father as or the loved one as you possibly can. And you know, I don't really care as long as he, as long as he's gonna be there for the game. And even if he doesn't, because there's some things that are more important than basketball. I know, I know people don't sports, let me take that back.


Not just basketball, right? There's certain things that are more important. Tending to a loved one. I, I would rank that first. I'm always gonna make sure family is okay Now once they're okay, I can tell I can, my mind can be free and I can go get done what I need to get done. Right. But I don't really have a problem with Jimmy Dead taking a private plight because he could've just like, Hey, the hell with it, I'm gonna be here with my dad as long as my dad needs me. The f the f them sports because oh yeah, game, good day, y'all gonna play 50, 60 more of these. I ain't gonna get another dad. Once he gone, he gone. And so I, I, I totally get what Jimmy did taking the private jet if this is why he took the private jet, because they said the private jet because he wanted to stay back with his father and spend as much time as he could.


But he always ended up making the game. So kudos to you, Jimmy. Yeah, Hold on. Oh, Joe Namar, go ahead. What you gonna say? Hold on, Let, let me use the bathroom real quick. Hey Namar, that's the dog now. Yeah, he, Hey, I said hey listen, make sure hey Unc, whatever you're getting ready to say I said it first so when it actually happens, just know I tweeted it two weeks ago because the little birdie told me, hold on, hold on. Namar is in talks with 3M LS teams over a possible move. He is with one of those teams in Saudi Arabia. Ain't anyone on one of those teams like Christiano reo aha lot, I mean, Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah.


He making big money over there. But Namar then talk with 3M LS teams over a possible move. Ocho tell the people at home what the move would mean for protect a professional soccer in the us. Now we know Messi is already the league. I think Suarez joined him also, right? Yeah. Sw. Yep. Suarez is there. Jordy Alba is there as well. And I think obviously listen, there was a time where there was a time, I mean, phenomenal trio at Barcelona when it was, it was obviously Jordy Alba was there, but the, the trio, Messi Suarez and Nemar a it was, it was a beautiful thing. It was a beautiful thing.


Now in comparison to something you would understand is when Chris boss, Dwayne, Wade and LeBron were playing together. Right? Now, I'm not saying they're the same thing, I'm just giving you better context right. On how that trio was unc when they played together. We talking about you talking about art. There's a reason they call soccer the beautiful game. And that's exactly what they displayed when they played together. So them reuniting, even though they're they're past their primes, it still would be a joy. It would, it would be a joy to watch them if Nemar is to come to the States. If it was to happen, it would be Miami. Even if he's in talks to other teams, you know, in MLS, if it's not la if it's not the Galaxy or it's not LAFC, I don't see him going anywhere else.


Yeah. I don't see him going anywhere else. It's either LAFC, the Galaxy or down here, the end of Miami. He not playing for any of the other teams. And that's no disrespect to them. They just wouldn't have the type of money he's looking for even though they paying him. I don't even, I don't know what Ash could tell you. Well, you know what name I made to go to go to Saudi Arabia To paid him a lot. They ain't get what? I think Renado got like five. Not, not Al. Yeah, Renado got like 500 million for, for three years. Na no, two. We got two years. Okay. Yeah. Crazy. He got, he makes 107 million a year. How much Ronaldo make?


Nemar makes Ronaldo makes 180 a year. Yeah. And 'cause they offered, they offered Messi something like that but Mess took the MLS deal because he gets a share of Apple. He gets a share of the the Yeah, everything Jersey sales. Yeah. And the funny thing about it, and I don't know if the reports are true, they, it, it, it might, might not be. They, they, if they say they offered messy a billion, they offered messy a billion dollars to go but messy mess, don't need no money. He, he don't need, need no money. I don't know if it was true or not. You know, a billion in Saudi Arabia for two years, knowing They Got it, knowing them they got it. Boy I know they got the money and they, and they Would've paid it. But I'm sure at this point, at this point in, in this career, I don't want to end it out there in Saudi Arabia.


I'm end it out here in Miami. I I'm gonna end it in Saudi Arabia. I ended it wherever they, wherever they got a be at. That's why I'm end It. Yeah, you got, and you know, that's, that's a conversation you have and look At all the perks, the ocho I mean they, they got like private jazz and they got, they got like a $50 million penthouse and they got all armed security all the time. Man, please Na, Namar got it made. But again, you gotta think where you're going now. You got kids, you got a family, you have a wife and his wife is like, listen, I didn't like it when I was in Paris and you definitely not finna drag me from Paris and take me to Saudi Arabia. That ain't happening. Take me my, okay, So where you wanna stay because I'm gonna be over here in Saudi Arabia while you where you are. I'm gonna get this bill, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get this money because Renardo took the money.


Ronaldo took the money and ran, which I don't blame him. That's a lot of money. $180 million a year, Joe. Yeah man, you got Piece of bread man. You Know what's funny? You gotta think about how much he's already made before he even gotta to Saudi Arabia. Yes. I think he's like $1.6 billion. I think that's what he's made, that's what he's made in, in In totality. Yeah. With revenue, with, with soccer and endorsements and things like that. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Ocho a mother went viral for saying her sons will lose inheritance if they have a child out of wedlock. Hmm. I like that. That hey listen, that's a good way to force marriage. That's a good way to force marriage on, on your kids.


You know, using money as an incentive saying if you don't, if you, if you do anything outta wedlock, okay, you ain't getting the money, you ain't getting, you know, now if they're driven, if they're driven by that, you know, if money is the motive, then you already know what you gonna to get you. They don't care about that. You know, and sometime due to unfortunate circumstances, shit happens. Yeah. Shit happens. Huh? The only way to prevent that, that can't put raw meat on somebody now It is, it is Man. It is. How much money O Joe, what is it? How, oh, Joe Inheritance. Yeah. This what I'm ask mama, mama, how much my inheritance?


Right? And you know what? It it was better, it was better if if you, if we got a report right, it would've been better if they told us what the number was. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. Hey mama, how many my inheritance be the now mama? I ain't gonna be able to, I ain't gonna be able to hold off on that. I think the biggest thing in a situation like that, I, I think, I don't think they want to disappoint their mom because they know how important that is for her. Right. You know, she was probably, when she gave birth to them, they were probably, the dad was probably in there and so she wants to continue that. She wants to continue that succession of hey, we do things the right way, we're married, you know, blah blah blah. We don't have baby over here, baby over there, baby out there.


And so I I don't have a problem with that. Hey look, I don't, I don't tell anybody how to really govern their their families ocho. Right? Yes sir. How they, how to divvy up their money if that's what she wants to stipulation. 'cause a lot of people have stipulations and not only inheritance but they have stipulations in, in prenups. Yes sir. You know, I you gotta have sex X amount of time. You can't gain a certain amount of weight. You have to look a certain li you have to look a certain weight. So wait, it is what it is. They put that in prenups. Hell yeah. That Absolutely, That's a little, that's a little extensive. 'cause when you get we off, they Do us part until one of us get fat. I mean, listen, I mean when, when you, when you listen, once you cross that, once you cross, once you jump that broom, you're supposed to accept your partner forever.


They are Sometimes no, sometimes you fall. No, I accept you how I met you. You, when you look like they him, you ain't Finn to be No, you ain't finna be no 1 55 and then and two months be 2 75. Oh no, that ain't gonna happen. What hap I thought you were supposed to love your person, love your partner. Come. I did. I love the person that I married. I don't know who this is. Somebody, somebody kicked out my wife. Right. Oh, that's funny. No, I mean, but no, I, I mean people do put that actually people do put things like that in the prenup or you know, who gets the dog or who gets what and all kind of things. Little Joe, you know, obviously pets are, you know, a lot of people have pets.


Yeah. You know, hey, I get the dog or I get visitation or I get the dog, you get the cat or whatever the case may be. But the mom says, look, I want my boys to have be married when they have, when they, the kids Right. Her money. She gets to decide how it's divvied up and where it goes. And that's, that's, that's crazy. No problem. No problem for the Nightcap crew on that one.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Ashley I from the Ben and Ashley I almost famous podcasts. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minutes survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 Plus tobacco consumers.


The new year means new health goals, not just for your body but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts. Fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


Ocho. Yeah, a French woman was swindled out of $800,000 by scammers posing as Brad Pitt who made her believe she was dating him and that they needed help paying for medical care. After reportedly telling the scammer that she had recently divorced her husband, Anne sent almost all of her divorce settlement. About 800,000. It was 798,000 American dollars after a fake Brad Pitt had. He had developed kidney cancer and needed a loan because his bank accounts were locked out because the ongoing divorce proceedings with Angelina Jolie, the woman sent an AI generated image of Brad Pitts face over a man in a hospital, in hospital bed. That, I mean, is she that dumb or is that stupid?


August, 2025, Brad Pitt would've FaceTimed you. It's 2025. He was Too sick. He was too sick. If you getting scammed in 2025 outta 800,000, you deserve to be scammed. It's 2025. And how the hell you truly believe Brad Pitney 800,000? Because all the reports said that they had, they had actually frozen some of his bank accounts because of the ongoing pending divorce. Because when you're in a pending divorce, they like, sometimes they will freeze your assets if they think you are trying to hide or you're trying to move the money. Money, they'll absolutely freeze him. Even if they froze some of his assets.


Brad Pitt has access to 800,000. Yeah. Even if so, we talk about one, we talk about one of the greatest actors of all time. This ain't no just, no, this ain't no Joe Blow. Come on now. I mean, you can't be that goddamn. Come on man. Ocho, when you, when you look at ocho, you looking for ocho. She had just gotten divorced. She thought Brad Pitt was interested in her. Hey, you know love is blinding Ocho, it's like a Cataract that ain't love that def that definitely love it was On her part. How she loving somebody if she just just left somebody? You just got the boys. Exactly. And you think Brad, he lonely and you think Brad Pitt was next in line Ocho. You know how that's how you, that's how you play on someone's emotion.


Someone that, someone that just, just lost a loved one. What do you do? You play on that. Alright, that's different. That's how you get close to somebody, right? Oh, you grieving, I wanna be there for you. I'm gonna crown your shoulder and next thing you know, you done slipped meat in them. You see how that, how that work on your, you see how that work? Hey, Hey. Happens every time. Yeah. And I don't think you gonna get this money back. De definitely not. Definitely not. Because it, it's probably no way to track that. No, it's probably not. If Listen, if, if, if you have a scammer that can get $800,000 outta you, that ain't just no ordinary scammer.


Are they good Ocho Ocho? That's a professional. The fact that you, Joe, look at Bernie Madoff. Bernie Madoff got 3 billion. Listen, I you know how to do that Ponzi scheme. No, I don't wanna know either. I mean, we can have 3 billion though. No, you can have time. You, he in jail. He not out yet. Gimme that. Look. He ain't never getting long as they, hey, as long as they make make tea, he gonna be in jail. And Chinese been making tea for 5,000 years. So he ain't going anywhere anytime soon. Yeah. He got 150 years. So think he got 150 years, they gave Him 150. Yeah. Well that privilege ain't work on his end.


Huh? Man, you steal that kinda money and the people that he stole it from, see that's what they need to start having that sentence. When you hand our sentence, they get somebody a hundred years. We stop this from throughout the crime because we gonna make, if you don't serve all that time, we gonna have to get some family member to help support the rest of that. So you got a hundred year citizen and you only do 50. Alright. Who, who, how y'all gonna break this up? Hey, I got, And That's Nah, but it's, it's bad I be out. But that's what Ocho it's always think about it Ocho the, the, they looking at the scam.


I mean the UPS talking about, oh you got a package but you just need to send $4 So You can get I hope so. They got links. They got links they sent to Yes, they Got links. I ain't got nothing. I just, I just hit delete. I ain't click on, I don't, I don't click on nothing. I don't, I don't, I don't even know about, I don't even know about what, I don't even know my credit card information. So I can't give it to you. And so I just hit this swipe and it's gone. Yeah. Delete. Yeah. That's crazy. Alright. Well I, I think about them days when, I mean, you probably don't know about it, but, you know, I'm a, I'm of, I'm 10% of Nigerian descent. So like, I used to be a Yahoo boy. I don't know if you know anything about us, but, but oh man, I just, whew, I'm, I'm, that's another story for another day, man.


Walgreens, CEO says anti shoplifting strategy backfired the top executive at Walgreens, la Many of the loss of sales from putting items like toothpaste behind locking key crack down on rampant shoplifting has plagued the pharmacy chains around the country. When you lock things up, you don't sell as many of them. You don't. But, but a lot, some of these are like in college areas. 'cause the, the target over there by UCLA campus. Yeah. I mean, used to be able to go in there and get a a a a toothpaste and, and, and deodorant and, and shower gel and just grab it. Right now you got like, ah, dang bro. And they stand right there, bro. Can you just leave it open though? I'm sorry. We can't. Okay, well just while you here, just let me get that, that, that and that.


But I, I, I get what he's saying because people are stealing it. Yeah. So I I mean he, I mean they gotta take precautions as far as, as far as like trying to, trying to keep you from stealing it. Right. But then, but then it's, it it is messing up. It is messing up sales because Yes, Guess what? But guess what? We not selling as many of it, but they were stealing more of it. So I'm I about lose rules Either way. You look at it. Yes. How do you, how do you counter that as a CEO? What do, what do you do at that point? I don't know. I just have to leave it locked up because I guarantee you they're stealing leaving a guy like that.


Right. They're probably, and that's why, and people talking about, man, the prices, the price keep going up 'cause they keep stealing. Right. You Keep, they keep stealing it if dropping the prices up, price up. Yeah. Something, something has to offset that That messing up everything. It, It mess, it messes up for everybody. Yeah. I just, I just, I I people don't seem to understand how, how, how the economy works. Somebody gotta pay for that. Oh yeah. For Lost. I got somebody has to pay for that OCHO every Time. I don't think people understand. Guess who gonna have to pay for it? The consumer that actually buys it All us. The thief. The thief ain't paying for it.


Wow. We have to pay for it. And then, you know, they've gotten really laxed unless it's a, what is it, like eight 50 or a thousand dollars And it is not a, they just write you a little citation or something like that, like $900 and so Yeah, it's bad. I mean, at Target it's the same. Target's the same thing. A lot of these, like, it used to be like, where did I go? Hell, I went to Sally's I think the other day and they got stuff be greasing stuff locked. I like what? Damn Sally Beauty supply. Yeah. I like, man, I gotta to get some, gotta give some that 57 10th Beijing, you know what I'm saying? That's why you, it was locked up. Okay. Okay. So my Hair still gray.


But see that's why I like to go get stuff in, in, in bulk. So I'll buy, you gotta keep Going back. Yeah, I'll buy, I'll buy 20 Listerine. I'll buy 40 twos of toothpaste. Yeah. 15 deodorants. Yeah, because I don't like going back. 'cause I know y'all gonna have it locked up. So, and then now Shelly just ordered it, so I only really have to go. Right. Yeah. But I, I Wal CEO Walgreens. I totally understand. It is, it is a hassle to go in there when you are used to going you in a hurry, Ocho Yeah. And there's never anybody, they're, they're normally, you know, cashiers or something. They're, you know, pharmacists or whatever the case may be. You gotta go ask them, excuse me, can you go open such and such?


And you know, they got a thousand keys on there. Hey, see, I, I I kind of, I agree with you in a, in a little bit, but I don't think you really understand the joy and, and, and, and the pleasure and the excitement it gives me. Now to give you better context, remember when you was a little kid and you was born in the store? Yeah. Remember Zas? Did you, you remember you heard the Zers Yeah. The jewelry store. Yeah. Z No, no, no, no. That's, no. Zers was like a, like back in the day, like in the, in the early eighties. In the early eighties, late nineties. Zers was like a JCPenney almost like a little bit or Publix or something like that. Okay. Or wow. I, I think if I, if I'm not mistaken, like a, like a target, that feeling you had when you know you going, you going in and going into Target, let's say you a little kid and your mama say before we get in here, I'm telling you right now, don't you ask me for nothing.


But that true and excitement of knowing you was going in there and there's a possibility you might be able to get something. Oh, Z-Y-Z-Y-R-E. Yeah. Z zero Discount chain. Z-A-Z-A-Y-R-E-S. Yeah. Yeah. Even as a, even as a grown adult at my age, there's a certain level of excitement. I swear, I swear for God. Yeah. And I'm gonna be able to go in the store and grab Yeah. Get stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But go to, go to Target. Just, I don't think you don't understand what that target run does. I ain't Know his target existed until I got to Colorado For real? No, but we had Belks, we had JC Penney, we had stuff like that. We didn't have no targeting. No Glenville. No. There was no target in Savannah.


Yeah. So you don't No, when I, not when I went to school. Right. So you don't understand the joy of actually take going on a target run and walking up and down the aisles going for one item and coming out with 10. Like It's Oh yeah. That's why I don't like to go shopping now. 'cause I ain't never going to buy one thing. Right. I go get orange juice. I'm coming out with muffins, I'm coming out with pretzels. Yes, Yes. Popcorn. Yes. I'm coming out with a whole bunch of, Listen, I'm going to go park. Yeah. Do I know like to go? Yeah. Even when you go into like these little convenience stores Ocho Yeah. Where stuff was all out there and you had all those cookies on the thing and there were penny cookies and penny candy and all that stuff. You missed that. Right? Ain't no more, I don't think if there anything that's in the store that you can buy for a penny.


I can't remember last time I've been inside a, a, a, a convenience store. No, nothing at all. Because then after a certain hour show they, they lock it and then you like, you want a soda and they think, can I get a Sprite? The guy go get the Sprite and, and put it in the thing. You just can't walk in the store after a certain time. Right. Oh, things have changed and they've had to change. I mean, you know, it is gotten dangerous out here. You know, people, a lot of people don't care, don't care anything about their life and they damn sure don't care anything about yours. So yeah, they'll take whatever they can and it's not good enough to just take it and just move on. They end up harming somebody. But yeah, I I, I definitely understand what the, the, the CEO is talking about.


But we all get impacted by that OCHO because it drives the prices up for everybody. Oh yeah. They gonna get that money back some way. Q and a Ocho Nightcap, you've donated $550 to a boy. Oh, okay. I was gonna say that first, but go ahead. We got the animation. Come on Ocho, we got Nightcap. I mean, Q and a Knight Capers, you've donated $550 for a very worthy cost. Thank you so much. Also, I'm dear to personal domination because I think this is a very, very worthy cause and I really appreciate the young brother trying to get out there and try to help people and give back because I hate to see people not get an opportunity to be successful because nobody will hire them because of a past mistake.


So hopefully this will, this will help. And, and I really appreciate what this young man is doing. But thank you guys Night capital for donating to a very worthy call. Shout out to Dr. Frankie l Bellin Bellamy, Olivia Hawkins and Taylor Bell. Big Don. Big, big Don, big donators doc. You've always been great. You've been here for the doc. I, I'll begin to wonder, doc, you got a job? Bama, Don. Don, oh four SA Lou 44 kg to the guys coming home trying to make it, make it in as, as as hard as profession. What is Luke 40 4G with the guys coming home trying to make it in a hard ass profession?


Oh yeah, but look, I, I get it. You know, look, anytime that there, your life is at risk, the, obviously that's very, very, very, very tough. But it gives you an opportunity to get, do an honest profession. And, you know, a lot of times we, there are some, there are some programs that they out there that they hire guys that's previously been incarcerated. As long as the crime isn't, you know, the, one of the most heinous natures and he's explaining to us there are certain crimes in order to get into the program you can't be convicted of. But I just like the fact that he's trying to help because it's tough when somebody won't give you a job and you need to eat, you need a place over your head.


Maybe you have kids or things of that nature. Ocho it's, it's really hard. And so I just appreciate what the brother's doing. Yes sir. Ke fresh your story. It was inspiring. Keep doing what you're doing, what you're doing. Wish I had more to help your cause any little bit of help, kid, but we appreciate that man. SLS says, shout out to all the firefighters for the hard work. You're do they're doing sending in love from Canada. Yep. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. So much damage has been done to the men and women that's out there fighting, putting their lives on the line to try to get these fires under control here at everybody at Nightcap and all our listeners, we're sending our thoughts and prayers with you. Hopefully everybody makes it home safely. Anise pharm d much love to all the first responders and the all behind the scene people, I see you.


Yes we do. And we respect you. The Aquarius Hill said, my brothers in West Hill grad and I wanna show his appreciation for everything that community did for my bro, his time there. But Nightcap fam standup. Yes, we support all good here. Lainey Ray just wanted to donate to a worthy cause. Cheers to the chief and firefighters and all my fellow nonprofit workers out there as well for the fighting a good fight. Fighting the good fight. Yes. Lany. Thank you. Appreciate that. Bradenton. My dad was a correctional officer at the fire camp in California. He loved those inmates and working alongside them, some of the most hardworking and kind people.


Thank you. Appreciate your dad. Yes. Trevor Norwood Jr. Who's the worst quarterback in NFL history or wide receiver in NFL history? The worst quarterback. Yes. Nathan Peterman. He, he, he got a strong case. JaMarcus, Ryan Leaf, the Supreme. I I think the thing is OCHO is because those guys were such high draft picks, I mean, you know, a guy that's a fourth round pick or something like that, eh, But You the first pick in the draft, you're the number two pick in the draft. Right. It's a lot of pressure to live up, live up to those expectations. Huh? It, it really, it really is wide receiver Woo Blackman Jacksonville.


But I mean, he got in trouble though, huh? Well he didn't feel expectation. Yeah. Charles Rogers got in, got, had some injuries, broke his collarbone like the second held eye broke his collarbone end up broke it again. I mean you probably have to go back. I mean consider the NFL is over a hundred years old. I'm sure there was some, but they didn't get the coverage like we have now. Keem Abdul Juwan. What's good Nightcap? I'm a big Atlanta Falcons fan and I'm liking the connection between Michael Pennix Jr. And Drake, London, UNC and ocho. Do you think they can be a top tier quarterback, wide receiver carbo dick season? Yes, I do. Yeah. I mean the, the, the sample size, the sample size that we got from, from Pennix in, in, in London is so small, but it only, it only has room to grow, you know, obviously.


Right. Getting, getting the off season together, getting the mini camp together, getting the training camp together. Right. You know, and, and in a full season it, it, it has some potential to be very, very, very good Because when you, when you think about it, Ocho Kirk cousins took the majority of the reps with Drake, London. Yeah. So they're only gonna get better once they get in the many camps and they get the OTAs to get the training camps and he's getting the majority reps with London. But if any, if there was any indication of the last couple of games that seemed to be back a a, a budding combo, big rule. Your Uncle Ocho from Cleveland, a Sam Browns fan, what do y'all think the Browns should do to get back to continue starting with the draft? Would you ever coach in the NFL OCHO wide receiver coach?


No, I ain't coaching N-F-L-A-F-L College High School Junior League me Midget. Excuse me. Flag cook water. Huh? What about flag? No, I don't wanna be no coaching. Nah, it was all I could, it was, it was all, I could take the, the coach, the celebrities and they had the basketball. So everybody, everybody, everybody want, everybody won, won play in time. Everybody coach. I'm just getting hot bro. You just got three turnovers, how you getting hot? I don't know. But what you guys need to do, you gotta get a quarterback, you not winning.


No team is winning in the NFL without a quarterback, without consistent quarterback play. It is very, very difficult for you to win in today's time. Look at the team that's currently in the playoffs. What do they all have? Quarterbacks, Quarterbacks, quarterbacks, Lamar and I, if I'm not mistaken, Lamar might be the lowest drafted quarterback at 32. Jay Golf was number one overall. Jayden Daniel was number two overall. Right? Josh Allen was number seven. Patrick Mahomes was I think 10. Who, who else we Levi out. Jaylen Hurst was second round pick. Right. And then Matthew Stafford was number one overall. But you gotta have a quarterback, you gotta get consistent quarterback.


Consistent quarterback play in order to have a chance to win currently in the NFL, without it you don't have a chance. Alright. Isaiah Lancaster. UNC Ocho who wins? Buffalo Ravens. And how do the Ravens slow down? Josh Allen also, what are your thoughts on Brandon Jennings calling Tatum the softest Celtics superstar? I disagree with him. Who you got? Yes. Who he about? Who go, how they gonna stop Derrick Henry? Did you see the First time the Ravens played the bills? Yeah, but one Bill's front line is undersized, undersized tremendously. If the Steelers whose identity is defense and I, I would, I would think better suited to stop Derrick Henry couldn't do nothing with him.


The bill definitely ain't gonna be be able to do nothing with it. He gonna run crazy. He gonna run wild. Now you go out there and you stack nine in the box, you stay, you stack eight in the box, you know, whatever we do then now that's the different story. Well here's the thing though, Ocho, but the best best way to stop Josh Allen is keep his ass on the bench off the field. And the Ravens have the type of offense that can do that. When you got a Derrick Henry and you got a Lamar Jackson, you gotta be able to stop both of those guys. Now look, I understand James Cook had a phenomenal year. I think he had 16, 17 Russian touchdowns. He was phenomenal. So was Josh Allen. But the best running back quarterback duo in the NFL is it is, it's them two and it's not close.


That's Lamar and Derrick Henry. Right. And it's not close. Oh, Joe, let, let me go back. I made a reference. I was talking about little league football when I said midgets, I was not talking about little people. I was talking that's what we used to call Pop Warner. We used to call it Mitch Football, Music football. That's what we, that's what we said. Yeah. But you know, but you know, but you know, o ocho you and I talk people parts, words and say he was being, he was being disrespectful my to little people. Oh my God. Yeah. I, I just like, I just like to clear things up because you know, people are always looking to try to cancel somebody. So I was making a reference. I wasn't talking about the actual individuals. And I understand they wanna be called little people, but I've spoken to little people then they like the term, the M term and it's like, it's not disrespectful, but I was talking about the group, the age, the, when we had like, I think we, I think I started playing, I was nine, that's what they called the league we played in.


So, and just like, or race cards. They call it midgets. Midgets. But you know, some people, some people wanna take everything and blow it out of proportion. No joke. It's so funny. Long time ago, unc, I had a year where I was able to stay with my mama and in LA right? Yeah. I I I tried it with her one time when I was younger and my grandma brought me on back. I played for Willie yellow jackets. I played the midgets. That was the, it there was no weight class, right? It was mid, it was the midgets. Right. That's that's, that's funny. I just, just thought about that. But that's what you know. But you know how it is. Don't yo you know, people always looking for something to try to Oh, he being disrespectful to little people. Yeah. After a derogatory term, he knows better.


He shouldn't have said this. And then all the little, the, the groups come out and they try to boycott and do all this stuff. So I just want to clarify. I was not talking about individuals, I was talking about the group. That's what they called the league that we played in. Right. Even the little race cars, that's what they call the race cards. It's still called that on the circuit. So I just wanted to make sure we clear that up. Okay. His second part. What are your thoughts on Brandon Jennings calling Jason Tatum, the soft Celtics superstar? I disagree with him. That's Brandon Jennings opinion. I don't, you know, it's, it's just hard to, to get upset with somebody. What? They have an opinion or, you know, Brandon Jennings played in the league and that's his opinion of Jason Tatum. I think the thing is now you don't have, they're not required to be what the guys were in the seventies, eighties, and nineties.


Right. And it's okay, I'm, there's a different way. I'm curious. Everybody doesn't have to be, and everybody don't have to be scowling and everybody don't have to try to run people over to be successful. All I know is he put the ball out, put the ball in at a very high clip. I I have a question. So he yes, he says he's soft. Is is he, is he, is he basing that based off his mannerisms or is his or his style of play? Probably his mannerisms, his style of play. Okay man. Well you know, ojo, you know we grew up, we always thought light skinned guys were soft. Hey we going at him. Right. You could not be light skinned and had good hair. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see what You mean. We punishing you bro. We already know you soft, you had to prove to us that you weren't.


But in today's type, obviously ocho you your kid, you, you think that 'cause you know I coach you instilled that. Yeah. You know he's soft. Okay. Right. I believe it too. But I don't think Jason Tatums is soft. I just think he has a different way of doing things. Right. I mean, He gets it done doing it, doing it his way. Yeah. The man is a three time first team all NBA player. He's on the championship team. I guess because he didn't win the finals MVP or he didn't win the Eastern conference. MVP. That makes him soft. So what is, so what? Isola Yoic, he's all for this. All I know is he's a three time lead. MVP and a finals. MVP. That's all I know. Is he Shaq? No, everybody can't gotta be, everybody can't do what Shaq did.


Everybody don't gotta be cutthroat and trying to cut people's head off. Like Jordan, at the end of the day, do you get the job done Right? I mean, look, there are many different deaths. DHL, there's UPS, there's FedEx, there's Amazon, all of 'em will deliver your package. Jason Tatum put the ball in at an elite level. But hey, that's Ja, that's Brandon Jennings opinion.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Ashley ATI from the Ben and Ashley I almost famous podcast. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Yuto Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap under age sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. I Meant those blackout motorized Shades blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy. I installed these and then got some from my mom. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install Hall of Fame Sun. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Blinds.com is the goat. Go to blinds.com for 40% offsite wide blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


That said, if Josh Allen had Lamar Jackson stat this year, do you think he would've been a a unanimous MVP on that team? He got Absolutely. What's, what's higher than unanimous? Consider Oh, oh. So considering that he, his Lamar sta he got Lamar Stats. Yeah. So he got 41, 42 touchdowns, four interceptions, 900 yards Russia. And he lost Gabe Davis and he lost Stefon Diggs. And he lost White. And he lost Micah Hyde. And he lost Poer and he lost Matt Milano for a large part of the season. Absolutely. Yeah. Damn. So yes, so, and listen, but he don't, Lamar got no stats. So Lamar's gonna win the MVP, sir.


K says, what's up guys? In y'all's opinion is Justin Herbert afraid of the playoffs likes? Because regular season game is amazing, but in the playoffs not so much. Why is that? I don't think so guys, y'all see Pet Mahome and Brady got y'all spoiled. Yo, because y'all think that it's easy. How soon did Peyton, how soon did Peyton Manning win a playoff game? His first, they, they went 13 and three. His second year they went 13 and three. They had the number one, they lost their home. They lost their home. Yeah. You know where they lost to the Tennessee Titans and then they were getting beat 41 to nothing by the Jets and Chad Pennington.


Yeah. Oh, that defense was crazy back then. Boy. That just d No, that was before they had Reba's. No, I know. The defense was, it was good though. Oh yeah, yeah. They, they bro, everybody's not gonna have the success that Brady and, and that, that's the thing. Brady and Patrick Mahomes is ruined for a lot of people. Look at Elway. Look how long it took John to win to win Super Bowls. I mean, yeah, it, it took the drive for him to make a name for himself. He goes 98 yards. He ties the game. They end up winning in overtime. But guys, it's not easy At all. I Mean, Lamar did Lamar first couple of times he didn't win in the playoffs.


It takes time. And we think Lamar, we, we don't think Lamar is, is a pro, do we? But Patrick Mahome, you know, his first year he takes starting, he goes to the A A FC championship game. He lose the Brady, he comes back and he wins it. He goes back the next year, he loses in the Super Bowl, he goes back, he misses it, Cincinnati goes, and then he wins the next two years. And y'all think that's common? Y'all think that's normal. Brady wins three championships in his first five years and y'all think that's normal. It's Not difficult. It's hard to win in this league. It's hard to win games. It's doubly hard to win playoff games than it's triple, quadruple hard to win Super Bowl. Oh Yeah. And y'all better stop.


It's just like, you know, some people have success Ocho Yeah. It's just like now people, like, people think making money is easy. Making money ain't easy. Right. Making money is easy. I mean, you get a job and make money. Right. But the type of money that they're talking about, oh, I want private jet money. I want Rolls Royce and G wagging money. Yeah. That ain't easy. Making that kind of money Ocho At all. At all. Hold on. The right, the right way. The right. Thank You Man. Man please. Brandon Hall donated a hundred dollars new subscriber. Wanted to let y'all know I love the show and what you guys are doing, but also wanted to make a donation to the Chief's calls. Yes, thank you Brandon.


We really appreciate that. Yes. 'cause I think it's a very worthy cause. I really do. I love what he's doing. I I love to see organization helping in the community. And a lot of times I, I I donate anonymously. I, 'cause I like doing that, but I just wanted the chief to know that I really believe in him and I really appreciate what he's doing. Cal Simpson, said's up. Uncle Ocho been a fan since Ocho Hall of Fame. Induction on the sideline, sorry I'm late. Wanted to donate but had to pull over my semi first record. 80,000 gallons of gas to donate to the firefighters would be counterproductive. You are absolutely right. Cal.


You should have came out here. Let me drive that thing. I'll back that thing up and let me back, back that rig up by two miles. I'll back 18 wheel up two miles and won't even have to pull up once You won't You mad and you mad. I don't You look at him. Look at him. I ain't never seen damn. Well what am gonna Be mad for? I said my bad. Don't you? My Bad. Hold on. I had, oh remember, don't forget I had a rig now. Damn. I got, I Ain't said anything. I Got my, I got my CDL. You, you can't drive no truck man. Especially now with no cab on the back. I hear I brought it up. I don't even know why I mentioned it. Yeah, I'm, I'm just, You know, if I know it's gonna be fair, I know it's gonna cause that kind of, that kind problem. Damn.


Just Saying. I'm just saying. You you, you talk about driving a, driving a rig like it's easy. It's not easy. It's played the NFL easy. Oh no. That's very difficult. Okay then I did that. What you think? Give two. Gimme I tell you what you do. Gimme two weeks. I'll fly the space shuttle. Gimme two weeks and I'll take the space. Hey, don't make me do it. I jump the fence to Cape Canal and take off on you. I'm gonna come bail you out too because that's what they gonna have. I'll be up and I ain't coming down. All you hear is T minus four and counting. 3, 2, 1. We have ignition, we have lift off.


Man. All get it man. All said he was gonna steal the space, man. All said he was gonna steal the space. Shutter. I have a, all y'all see in the window, Hey, well you get, you get up there and get stuck, boy, they, you know you ain't coming down. They'll come get me. Hey, I'm gonna take it. I'll go to Mars. Nah, y'all Jersey girl. 1973. Say uncle, know your love the show. Happy belated birthday. Can I wish my husband a happy birthday? And he's a cigar guy.


Do you have any recommendations? Oh, so Ocho well, Jersey girl, happy belated birthday to your husband. Hopefully you guys did something great. You guys got an opportunity to celebrate. You took him out to a nice dinner, you know, rubbed his feet and then you know all the other stuff that married couples do. Oh yeah. Oh, Joe, she says her husband is a cigar guy. Is there any recommendation? I mean, if he's a cigar guy, I don't know what his palette like, I don't know what he, you know, what he likes, you know, like spicy mile. But for me, but what I like, I, I like, I like dark. I like something a little heavy. I like that. The lunatic 70 gauge. I love big ring gauges.


Let's see what else? What else could he try? Obviously he can try. One of my cigars 85 cigars is, is more of a, more of a, a rookie experience as, as a smoker. So everyone can enjoy it. But if he's a little bit more experienced being that he is a cigar smoker, that that lunatic 70 gauge is one that I love. One, one that I love and I continue to go to the Andalusian Bull, obviously with cigar the year, I think in maybe 2015, that's a good smoke. The drone 1926 series is another good one. And that, that just three off the back that I smoke outside of my own. Yeah. I don't know anything about no cigars. So I ain't Finn to hold you. We gonna to Get, we we gonna get your cigar in New Orleans.


Man. What I'm gonna do with it. Smoke it. I don't know about that. Don't you? I don't know about that don't you? Because you, you, I mean you My brother's a big cigar guy. It is. What he gonna to get? I did, you know what I did? I, I bid on some cigars. I went, I went to Danny Dan Marino, you know he had a celebrity. He used to have a celebrity golf tour. I don't know if he has it anymore. Right. And I bid, I bid on these, they were like 10 of them and I wanted to bid for a thousand dollars.


Oh, They dried out though. Damn. You let the cigar dry Out? Man, I ain't know. I ain't know I needed a hum door. Hell, I thought I could keep them. It was all in a nice box. I said Barry, I told my brother, I said, bro, you can have these right. Oh, you tripping. Fell part in his hand bro. Why are you not in the bed? Damn. Just past your bedtime. Wait, you got him on the bedtime too? Yeah. Oh yeah. He normally goes to bed. He normally goes to bed about eight o'clock. Okay.


But I started a little early tonight and, and so we started at seven. So he was up. Get up, get up, Come on. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna try to pitch you. You kinda like tv, huh? Yes. I see you. I love you too buddy. You a big old boy. You wanna treat, you want treat. Alright, we're about done. I think this was the last one. We got two more questions.


Ocho we got two. We got two more questions then I'll get you a treat. Okay. Okay. Nemo branch said, what's up Uncle Ocho Love y'all podcast and look up to you guys. Can I get a birthday? Shout out. I'll be turning 21 on Saturday. What advice would you give on becoming a great man? Nemo. Thank you bro for watching. Hopefully you're a subscriber. Happy 21st birthday, you'll never be 21 again. That's supposed to be the entry. Now you're supposed to be a man. You could drink, you could do a lot of different things. What are some great advice? Becoming a great man. Oh, that's a good one. It is.


Be respectful. Be kind, be receptive to courtesy. Be considerate. Take care of your responsibilities. I take that very serious. I think all men should take care of their responsibility. Whatever the case may be. My responsibility is my family. And I take that very, very serious. But there's a lot of different things that you can do. Yeah. Be a great partner Is what is one? I I don't think it's like any singular thing. Ocho I think it's a combination of things of becoming a man. Yeah. There are a lot of things that make you a man.


Yeah. Not necessarily your age and not necessarily just one thing. Like, okay, I take care of my kids. Okay. You're supposed to, you you help create them. Yeah. Supposed to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Reynold bur gancho, longtime subscriber. I have a question for y'all. I want to hang out with my, I want, I want to hang out with my friend, but she always has an excuse. Should I give up? Yeah. Yeah. After the, after the first excuse. That's a wrap. That's a wrap. Yep. You know, don't play that game. Don't let, listen, don't let her play that game. How you like a how, how you like a puppet playing what you Yeah.


I I don't, I don't know if you've ever spent any time with it. It's, it is a little bit more difficult, don't you once you are like, you spend time with someone and then they all of a sudden they start playing these games because they kind of got your emotions. You kind of invested a little bit. But if you never like really ha hung out with her and you're hoping to hang out with her and she always comes up with an excuse, bro, let that slide Bro. Well, you know what the play is. You know what it is, Nathan. So, But at the end of the day, bro, you got to, you got to be with who like you. I mean, sometimes the the best ones, the best looking ones, the finest ones, they don't find you nearly attractive as someone let so be with that person.


I ain't begging nobody to be with me. Choose. Okay. I might beg a little bit. Choose who choose you. I might beg a little bit, don't you? You beg a little bit. Little bit. Yeah. Sometimes, sometimes, you know, you do the, you do the begging early and sometimes you sit back and reflect and you gotta, sometimes you gotta remember who you are now. Oh yeah. Sometimes you gotta remember who you are. They drag you, they drag you too long. And you start to remember, man, what the hell am I doing? You snap outta you, snap outta that shit real quick now. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, you right, you right, you right Ojo you right. Yeah. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. On Shannon Sharp Liberty City.


Legend bingo, ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Thank you for your support. 23, 24, and 25 and beyond. Without you, that can be no us. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. What better what, but what better way to celebrate the 2025 New Year than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you cannot find any city or state near you, order it and we will ship it directly to your door. And please, please drink responsibly. Guys gotta a new addition to the Shehe Media family, the Humble Baddies podcast.


Please go subscribe to the Humble Batty Podcast on YouTube. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Go follow my media company page on all of it platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We did this cool t-shirt right here. We've got a new shirt, we got shirts, sweats, beanies, cos, and mugs from our last drop that just released last month. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last tickets for the New Orleans Super Bowl show. It's our first spring tour. Stop. They're on sale now. The link is also paid at the top of the chat, meet and greet. And the, the VIP meet and greet and ticket sales are officially sold out there Will, there are scale many tickets left to attend the big show February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater.


Be there. I promise you, you don't wanna miss this one, sir. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe have been a nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcasts, arts, sports and Science. No, science, entertainment. Trust me. Not science. Absolutely not. Science Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. I don't know if you caught this episode, Ocho with Darnell Rollins being that man had a play y Y'all had me, he had me dying. Hey, when you was on. Hey. When you was on anybody That goddamn Diddy picture, man, that was funny, boy, man. But he told me, he said, man, look here, man. I come here, I want, Hey, don't be coming here asking me all the, because you know, I would try to be said, nah, I don't want that.


Say I want you, I want you to be you. But he, he went to school with Burns sister. Okay. So Keith know Burns knows him very well. Yeah. So we gotta talk and like, oh, I said, oh, So you really like say no more fm Yeah. So we, Hey man, we had a great time. One of my favorite interviews, shit. Club Shahe was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for you guys. The link is pending our social bios. We want to thank our very special guest, Chief Royal Ramey for joining us. Jim Harbaugh is having a hip replacement surgery and he has a condition with his heart that he's gonna get rectified this off season. So Jim is gonna be like a great guy on the sideline next year, jumping up and down.


I can just imagine how he's gonna be on the sideline with a, an improved heart and a new gate after having that hit replaced. Thank you guys for joining us. We will see you tomorrow night for another episode of Nightcap. I'm Unc Heath Ocho. See you tomorrow. The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.