
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ah, man, Ocho ocho ocho swish couples reveal their favorite sexual fetish fetishes of 2024. Yeah, A survey of 4,000 people show that people lusting over feet role play and latex are out of vogue in 2024. The number one result of fetishes was continuing after an orgasm. Number two, doing it on an elk of their balcony. Hold on just a second guys, let me go get this south right, right quick though, y'all that be, that'd be number one for me having sex while playing video games.


That'd be something OCHO that's on ocho. Oh. Oh, no. Hey, listen, don't, don't, don't do that. That rule number one. Rule number one, why if you watch sports, don't ask me no questions. And if I'm playing video games, don't bother me. Okay? Number four. Waking each other up with oral sex. Y'all what I'm talking about that. Hey, wake me up. Wake me up. It don't take much. It don't, it don't take much. It don't take much joke. Don't take much is funny. And number five, Ocho number five. Number Five. Working out together while naked. Naked. Yeah.


I don't know about that one. Yeah, I don't know about that one either. I don't know about that one. No. All I don don't know about that. No. All yeah. Hey Listen, you know, all, all that stuff sound good, but right now I'm, this is, this is, this ain't nothing but nothing but the devil. This ain't nothing but the devil. Y'all talk about this stuff and I'm, I'm on my, I'm I'm on my Journey shit right now. You want sold this Now? Yeah. I ain. I ain't playing boy. So what's different in this show? Let me, help me understand what's the difference between you and those females, Jews you talking about? But see, my journey of celibacy right. Is so I canti continue to main and have a singular focus on the end goal, the short term end goal that I have in, in, in, in, in store and in plan.


Right? Right. So I don't need, I don't need any distractions right now. So right now I respect that I'm not doing nothing for I'm, and I don't, I don't care how long it take now it, it, it could be all 2 25, 20, 25. I might might just extend it to 2 20, 20 25 and just, and, and take that year off and, and, and, and, and heal. You know. 'cause sometimes we need to heal I. Don't wanna put a bandaid. I don't wanna put a bandaid on a gas. I need to go to the doctor. I need to get sold the fuck up. I need that bitch to heal the right way. And then when I feel like I'm ready, Balcony number one for me, I'll take balcony for the win.


You, you balcony. You use the PA little too much. You gonna get a gas. I be using my fucking bandaid. So keep it up that balcony. It's something about the balcony, it's something about, it's something about the thought, the balcony, the thought. It's something about the thought of being caught or being seen. Mm. But not being caught or being seen. Mm. I'm not gonna lie. It's to wake up all for me, dog. Alright. Right. Hey, leave me alone now. I'm, if I could wake you up and you can wake me up. If we can get, leave me alone. Hey, hey, leave me alone because that, that morning wood ain't nice because I think over that pr it's over now.


I'm just telling you I'm not responsible. I ain't put no legs back together. Ocho. I as so leave me alone. Let me, Hey man, look here. When I wake on that p it's good. If I'm telling you now, Hey, leave that alone. That ain't what you looking for. Oh, come on. I said look here, leave that alone now. Leave it alone. Nah. Hey, what you think you I, Hey. Oh Joe. Hey you. They, they think I'm John Bone. They be tapping me on my shoulder. Uhuh. Oh no. Ain't no referee here. Just me and you. Ain't no tapping out.


Mm mm Oh no. I tried to warn you. Leave me alone because I got, Hey, I already got that spark on me. Yeah. It's in my system. That ain't been in this. Huh? Hold on. What sparks that ass for man? Huh? If you go, you can hear once I put that spark on that spark, what? That spark, that spark hit. Hey, that spark And in the morning I get that honey dog, the honey pack, the honey pack over.


Listen, I boys, I ain't to be bothered in the morning. I'm gonna live by carrying through Y boys. So which one? So which one, what's your favorite? Continuing after orgasm. Doing it on the open air balcony, having sex while playing video games, waking each other with oral sex or working out naked I. Don't know how to finish I. Don't know how to keep going after I'm finished. All, I don't know what you want me to do. Yeah, I what you want me to do? Yeah, that's, that's, there's gotta be video games or the, the or waking each other up. The waking up. Yeah.


Gotta waking each other up. Shit. That shit right there got me intrigued. Like, I ain't, I'm not, we gonna have to talk later. I just wanna be left alone. I didn't wanna be left alone real alone because that pr hey, ain't nothing like that. Pi would, I'm telling straight up. You can box in what you want. Man, look here. That's one. That's my favorite activity. I love to play golf. I love to hoop. But that, that's my favorite. I swear man.


Oh, shake this out. Don Joe Rose Sparks dissolves under your tongue for faster results. And by results I mean downstairs. You know what I'm talking about gentlemen. Plus it lasts Up to 36 hours. So when you get turned on, it won't be long now. It won't be long. Find out a prescription of row sparks are right for you at ro do co slash Nightcap. That's ro.co at Nightcap. Because you know what they say? Ocho, if you stay ready, you won't have to get ready. You have To get ready. I walk, Hey, I walk into a row. I walk into a room calling. Whoever you go. What Bernie Mac say If I pull my shit outta this whole room, then dark, Hey I gonna, Hey, the roast sparks. Hey, hey, hey swish. I gotta see a couple of things man. Put a thing. Yeah, I need that. I need that in the, in the, in the, in the airwaves. I need that.


Hey buddy, if I have you right, Ocho, Come on. I I don't need to listen. I just told you I'm on, on on a spiritual journey. You still telling me about, I want you to save them for a rainy day. Just say and just save them. When, when, when you know when need come around down. Hold on, hold on. When, who, when who come around? My niece. Hey, listen, let me, let me, Hey, can, can I tell you something? Yeah. I don't mean to play no games, but the day that, that, that happened, just whenever it might be, you know, 'cause I, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna bother, you know, you know give you space.


Boy, remember when Moses part of the sea? We wasn't there, right? Yeah. Yeah. I Wasn't, there ain't be no motherfucking different. It ain't gonna be no motherfucking different. It there, there was two of everything that got on Noah Ark. Right. That was too everything. Godda. She gonna think it's too, she gonna think it's, to me, That's how it's supposed to be. That's how it's supposed to be. Hey, what it Rod Witch said, the person who found his Grammy award in a storage unit purchased it for $280. Tried to extort him for 50,000 to get it back. Bro, you do realize when someone purchase a storage unit, everything in there is theirs.


Now if you thought that much of that Grammy, why the hell is it in a storage unit guys? He might have been moving or something. Man. You think maybe Ocho well hold on. You said he, he offered 50,000 Ford? No, someone bought a storage unit and the Grammy was in there. It was purchased for $80. So I guess the guy that bought it 80 got in touch with him, bought, he bought it for $280. I guess somehow he got in touch with Roddy Rich and said, if you want it back, give me 50 k for it, Man. Sh they could send him, they could send him another Grammy. Man ain't paying. I'm just trying to figure out if you thought that much of that Grammy hot Ocho.


I ain't got, look, I put stuff in storage. I got stuck, but I ain't got no, none of my trophies. My Hall of Fame bust, my Hall of Fame jacket, stuff like that. So a Grammy, I would think a Grammy is very important. Now if you got like Beyonce or Jay-Z when you got 30 or 40 of 'em, okay fine. But unless you Jay-Z or, or, or or Stevie Wonder Beyonce. You ain't just got him like that. Hmm. I don know. Man, I I, it's an under appreciation for a lot of shit with the, with the youth. And I'm not saying he's youth because he's obviously a grown ass man, but in this generation it's just, they don't really care about much man.


Like you can get a, you can get a fucking Hall of Fame or, or championship ring and they put that shit in with everything else like their trophies like they got when they was In video. You know, it all depends on the person too. Huh? Whether it be rappers, whether it be athletes, depending on the awards that they do win. It all depends on what they value. Some people value the accolades and the awards that they win a little bit different than others. Some people like to hang them up, some like, some people like to put 'em in frames. Some people like the actual moment you receive them and once that high down, once that high D dives down to getting it like, ah. Yeah, But bro, I'm just trying 'cause everybody trying to minimize, oh man Grammy ain't no big deal to me bro. If you in music, a Grammy is a big deal, right?


If you in the movies or Oscar is a big deal deal if you do television, the Emmy is a big deal. Ocho we going to, they don't give out no award. But I don't, do they still give out awards? 'cause I got a, I remember I went to the Pro Bowl and they gave me this little iron figure and they had, it had eight time Pro Bowl selection, you know, have my name on it. That's something to me, that's a, that shows my hard work that someone thought enough of my hard work. Right. When did, when did a, I don't think they got it like that though. Huh? I don't think they got a like that though because like, and, and, and other, anything other than like sports. Like you got a union. Like we got a union.


Like we just How many, how many NFL players average every a year? Well it's, you got 53 show basic three player 50 on roster times 32 Original teams. So you look at, at, you look at about 1700 total players. 'cause what did they got now Ocho on the practice squad Six now, right? Is it six if I'm not Mistaken. No, I think they got more than that. They got like 12 practice squad players. 12? I think so. God damn. I'm see, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna Google it right quick. Chad what's up? Chat. I love y'all. Chat.


Make sure you NL ocho NFL teams are allowed to have 17 players on their practice squad in 2024. My my Goodness. Yes. So you can use your scout team. You can you you can use the practice squad. Have a whole team for, for scout team offensive defense. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. And see that's, that's what I'm saying. A guy on the practice squad ocho, he should have a significant advantage on somebody that they draft the following year. 'cause he had a whole year in that system. The practice in the meeting room practicing to develop. So if you on a practice squad and you don't make that practice squad. If you don't make that team the next year, bro, what were you doing? Right.


Or unless somebody comes in just that much better than you. Well we get the first, the first round, the second round. And we understand Ocho right, they gonna get first crack. But I'm gonna make it so hard. Anybody if you ain't the first, Hey, I'm gonna make a a, they gonna have to keep me. Even though he a first rounder. They gonna have to keep me. Yeah. They gonna have to keep me. I got a whole year. I know that system backwards and forward with Ocho. Right. I'm in the meeting, I'm watching the guys that playing, I'm watching what they do. I hear the coaches saying, oh, I like that son. That's the way to do it, son. That's the way you work, man. Please. But I I I don't get this bro.


If I buy o if I buy a unit and I find something valuable in there, you want it back, you gonna pay me what? I, Hey, I give Prime example. It, it is like that guy that called sh ts ba 50 home run. Yeah. He caught it. The Dodgers offered him 500,000 for it. Jeez. He like, nah, he put it up for auction. I think he got like three to $4 million, bro. I caught it. Nah, gimme what I'm asking for. Sometimes they try to offer you a couple of bats. They couple after you. Well I give you, I give you a Goddamn bat. I could buy, I could buy it bat from Dick's Sporting Goods. Man, stop playing with me.


You wait, wait, wait minute. What the fuck, what's the significance of his ball home? He's the first player to hit 50 home runs and have 50 stolen bases in a season. He sold for 4.4 million. That 50 home run ball went from three 4 million. Yep. Shit. He could have bought that damn Batmobile. What the age with 4.4 million I. don want no part of? No Batmobile you up all by a little bit of money. Hell no, man. What point? Million over a baseball. 4.4 million. Hey, you get you a little piece of job. 75, 80,000. You gonna live good the rest of your life? Yeah, Most definitely. Most definitely.


2.2 million and a job making 75, maybe a hundred thousand. Man, you live bad please. Especially if you got, if you got financial discipline, you definitely good. You, You, yes. Absolutely. Kiki w too many of that was invited to the Frankie, Frankie Beverly tribute to perform but didn't know the words till before I let go. Hey, one thing about it when it comes to Kiki w she can do no wrong. I don't know how y'all feel in the chat. There'll be no Kiki wire slander here. Ocho said Old Nightcap. Hey I don. No Kiki I. Don't care what nobody say. It will be no Kiki wilander. Now we talking about ki listen, I'm I'm telling you right now.


And that go for everybody in the chat. We talking about the Kiki wt the legend. One of the greatest voices of all time top tier. Okay, now sometime we forget words sometime as an artist it does happen. It did. It happens. It's a part of the game. I've seen Frank Sinatra live in 1968 at Carnegie Hall. He forgot the words. Oh my fucking god. He forgot the word. Fly me to the moon. I was there. Yeah, I saw Dean Martin in Vegas at the Room. Oh my goodness. Yeah, it, I mean it happens.


But Kiki Wyatt. Oh no, we don't do that. Oh, we don't know. Not my system. And you know, you know Kiki sitting singing at the wedding too now? She's singing at the wedding. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's singing at the wedding. Yeah, she sing at the wedding. Don't worry about it. Ocho I saw something. Yeah. Hey. Huh? Don't worry about it. I tell you later. I didn't hear what you said. I said I tell you later. Oh, hey Jr. Oh, I'm getting married in February, boy. Oh, you Back on top. Oh, I ain't back on top. Nah, I ain't back on top. But I'm getting married in February. I don't know who the hell it's gonna be. Oh yeah, My God.


I said, damn, I'm gonna be somebody. That's, that's, that's Part of My spiritual journey. Part a part of my spiritual journey is finding, finding that support system that wants to be there to support me by federal us and the downs. God said, God said to love thy neighbor. You know, and those vows do, Hey, hey, what the vow say again? Huh? Rich if his sickness and in health Yeah. And sickness and in health till death do us part Or until one of us get fat Or to one of, I ain't, I like, I like, I like be fat women. I I love me fat women. That's Fine. No, I, Hey, I ain't saying you gotta stay the exact same size I did when I met you.


Yes. But if you think you gonna be 1 35 and all of a sudden be 2 75, that ain't gonna fly. Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You ain't never seen 2 75 put together in the right way. Yes. I ain't gonna lie. 1 75 and like two 30. See what I tell you What I tell you, y'all got back. Oh okay, now I'm trying to tell you what, Hey, 1 75, Hey, I can't hold em like I used to. My hips, my hips won't let 'em hold them up long. I need, I need the wall to offer a little support. But back in the day, back in the day, Up to two work. Oh. Back in, back in the day 200.


I could walk around the room for 10 minutes. Quite. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. I'm too blunt. I ain't doing doing that. Get your big ass in the bed. Come on. I ain't doing that shit. I'm finesse. I ain't doing shit. Big ass. It's Nothing. It's nothing like it's, it's nothing like, I mean, be be as as I got older, I mean, when I was younger, when I, when I was younger, I, I, I had the, the pleasure of dating many women that were of size. That's what I like to call it. And, and yeah, BBWs beautiful. I mean be, you know, 1 8, 180 and up was, was always my, my quest and, and and and what I yearned for women of size and as I got older, 180 and up.


You said 180? 180 and up, you know, 200. Nah, nah, nah. You like a big, you like a big sweat first. Oh, first of all, no, be honest, no. But 180, No, no. When I came into the league I was two 18. Two 18. That's a lot. Yeah. Now. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I be, yeah, but see me, I I'm school, I'm two, I'm like 2 59 right now. 2 59 right now. Yeah. And you, you, you, you cussing with 2 15, 2 30.


Yeah. I like that. I like that. Hey, hey, ain't gonna tle, I scheduled it for, I scheduled it for like 10 rounds. It ain't gonna be it going, it ain't going to the cards. It's a knockout. One of us get knocked down by round two. This motherfucker going, I'm gonna tell you Right. This, this motherfucker going a distance. Oh no. Oh no. Me going distance, Uhuh. Hey, that, that spark you ain't, they ain't gonna let you do that sub a a, it's gonna be, it's gonna be like, hold on. What was that? The Rumble? No. Oh, Philippines, the thriller and Manila.


Somebody gonna answer the bell thriller. Manila, somebody ain't gonna answer the bell switch. Somebody gonna come out. Somebody ain't gonna come out. Somebody gonna be on they side of the band and say that's it. Yeah. Hey, it might be, Hey, I ain't gonna lie dog. It ain't, it's gonna be me. And if she two fit two 30 she got me. If I got a good, a cool 1 30, 1 55 maximum, I'm good. Oh man. What Shit, let's go, I got a, I got a maximum one 60. Oh no, I put that about eight times and I'm cool, bro.


I'm a finesse. I finesse you, you, you play for Yeah. You trying to show all that on the, on the bench and down in the basement. Me, I over there shooting dice like every, you know what I'm saying? I could have, I could. Oh, oh. That's what I like. Now you back in the day, you having one of those things you have around the boy, you shooting dice four than 54 down in 63. What's my point? OCHO 90. It folk You what?


I'm looking for Emmett Smith. But I roll 2, 2 8 because you know, everybody wanna jump on that, that two, that four and that 10. Yeah. Oh, everybody don't know I. don want about six or eight? Five or nine. But roll four. Roll a 10. Hey, give, gimme the back. Gimme that bit a, its on the dice. I just rolled it. I rolled again. Okay. Left Half flowers. Say how 55. It's ocho. Gimme all this money. Don't nobody move but me. Don't nobody move fucking money, man. Don't nobody. It's a stick, but the money.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, Mr. Cook said, no, I I want a 1 65. The money Tonight. Flavor FLA tweeted, he got kicked out of a tree lighting ceremony at Rockefeller Plaza tonight for no reason. I feel weird. I was invited to the Rockefeller Tree, Rockefeller Tree Lighting tonight and was escorted to see my boys. I think he said it was sighted. But anyway, the Backstreet Boys and we're backstage in that dressing room. Security came up to me and says, at NBC does not want me in this area and I need to leave. At the same time, the social media woman came up to me and asked to capture social media content. What did I ever do to NBC or anyone?


Especially with all the publicity that they had given them at the, at the Olympics. Oh, remember we talked about it? Yeah. Playing was at the Olympics. All they ever do is try to spread joy and love. And I think it did for the NBC at the, at gr and I think I did that for NBC at the Olympics. Oh man. I don't know what happened with That one. That that's, that's messed up. That's messed up. That's messed up. All right. Hold, I mean, there there's, there's no way to rectify it now, you know the, the, the, the tree light and ceremony is over. Shit. You ain't gotta wait till Yeah, I was supposed to go tonight. That's crazy, Boy. It's cold as hell out there. You ain't gonna tell me. I just, I just left. It's cold. Lord.


Got the damn trench coat over here looking like a oh, Joe SW Houston. That's what here with y'all. Houston's linebacker Al Alger, Al z Cher, whose three game suspension was upheld on appeal, posted an interesting IG post tonight. He says, if you want me to be your villain, I'll be your villain. There you go. See you soon. There you go. That's what I'm talking about. That's what, that's what that's what I'm talking about. No, I ain't gonna lie, dog. The game of football has changed. The game of football has changed, bro. You know it's, I seen some of that shit he was doing That shit's Crazy. Yeah, that's, that's, that's the way the game was when we played.


What you mean Ocho But you can't, that don't make no joke. It don't make it wrong. I came up, I came up Why? You know the speed limit was, the speed limit was 55. Right Now the speed limit in some areas you can go 70. Okay. Things change. You gotta adapt. We just talked about the key to survival is what? Adaptability. Yeah. If you wanna play and make some money adapt bru, you can't hit a defenseless player. He's into a slide and you hit him with a forearm that you have a brace on. Hey, I ain't gonna lie. I watched you, I watched y'all this morning talking about that show. That genre had me hot. I if, if I was just teammate dog. What?


Oh yeah. Aint no way Aren, y'all Aren't You? You gotta get it. We gonna get somebody on your team. Yeah. You right. What? No, no, no. We getting you. Ain't no somebody we getting You. Right. I was just, I was just trying to have a difference in opinion for no reason. You can't have a different opinion on that one because everybody, and for Dko to say they overreacted, everybody's gonna go after you if you do that to they quarterback. I don't care who the quarterback Is. Oh yeah. They don't play that coach don't that. Yeah. Hell no. Carson Beck said he don't enjoy watching football. It's not fun for me. It's stressful. Did you guys watch the sport while you off the clock?


Do you enjoy watching basketball games? Swish. NBA games. Yeah. Ocho did you watch? Yeah, I did you watch football? Me? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I need to see what every, all the rest of receivers was doing. Shit. You got damn right. I was watching. I never watched the, now I never watched the team that we, if we were gonna play that team, I wouldn't watch the game because I didn't want to get a false sense because if they look really good, I'm going to, you know, like, oh man, we got our work cut out for it. If they look bad, I'm thinking we gonna blow them out. Right. So I, if we are playing that team, I'm not watching you.


But yeah, I watch absolutely. I watch the game. I got false confidence. I feel like we gonna spend everybody. I ain't gonna lie, ain't gonna lie. I don't care if they do ignites or whatever, like they shit on us. What you mean? We go out there and get smoke. It look crazy. Started up all guys our last segment of the evening. Hey, ain't you, ain't you ain't telling me what you, what you, what you finna say? What that about? What I, you said, oh, I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you. No, I was, oh no, I, I I tell you I'm last. But yes, I watch the sport. I think all of us, I think for the most part, I think a lot of athletes, they love the sport that they play.


They watch a lot of other sports too. I, I know basketball players love football. They watch it. Football players love watching basketball. Cool. Now track and field is my favorite sport to watch. I I, I, I don't, I don't I don't know if there's what No doubt about that. I love watching track and field, the Olympics, the world championships, the USA Diamond League. Any chance they come on? I'm trying to watch it. I I I love watching track and field. 'cause that's the true competition. 'cause guess what? You ain't relying on no teammate. It's you. It's me versus you. Your speed versus my speed. Your distance versus my distance. Your my clearing. The height versus your clearing the height. Now look, I got the relays. The relays are fun to watch but a dano actually is where it's at.


Alright guys. Swish ocho it's time for our last segment of the evening and it's time for Q and eight. I get it. Somebody asked me how I got all these muscles. That's what y'all need to be asking me. No, what Junior said, should the pelicans get rid of Zion? Because they're not giving because they're not going anywhere. And I don't think a team would want a 299 pound basketball player. Yep. So where you gonna go? Come tell him to come to Miami. Anywhere. He wants to be in a big market anywhere.


He, he wants to be in New York, Miami. Ideally, I think New York is, is is is the place that he wants to be swish or big market I. Don't think he can handle it though. Can you imagine with his respectfully Ocho, I mean switch. Can you imagine that New York media and Zion missing the games? No. And the weight going up and down. Can you imagine that market, what they would do? That's the first thing I thought about respectfully mean. The media. The media. Yes. The media capital of the world. Yeah. They, they don't play. But I, I don't think he does. I don't Respectfully, I don't think he can Handle that. Doesn't bother him. No I don't think it bother him 'cause they had to bother him to this point.


Just because in the bigger market he's still not gonna care. Oh. But that if you in New Orleans, it's completely different when you and city completely. You talking about every day opposed to being talking about whenever it's your be relevant. Do you know how many media markets are in in New York? As opposed the the the new the the, the New Orleans UNE ain't gonna do it bro. Right, right, right, right. You got the poll, you got everybody right bro. You got a college, you got a college kid who got a column in New York City Who got more viewers than most real writers in other cities that just don't have the backing.


It's nuts. This shit New York, the New York media is by far, if you going to be a professional athlete, if, if you not going to be that guy and you going to be like a guy who falls under the radar and do the bare minimum, New York media is not the place they call. It's not the place. No sir. Everybody can't that wish that on my worst enemy. You heard what they say killed that place. Eat up man. What? But they say you can make it here ever spit you out. You can make it anywhere. You can make it anywhere. You can make It anywhere now. Hey, I'll tell you one thing. Very few have made, especially I just did an event with the, with two 80-year-old cats that the last time they did it and in my sport, that's how old they is.


The poor Mark Frazier. Hey, they still below. Yeah man, some good cats good cats too, man. Like some real rural OGs. But like, bro, that was eight, that was 57 years ago. Was y'all 80 years old? Avenue 77 said LeBron's son not playing with him. That's why he feels disinterested. Hear the truth to that. Nah, no, no. Brian the search right there. He got into the league. He got one game in. That's all he hoped for. They take the court, my son. That's all you could ask. Yeah, for sure. The experience that they was looking for, it, it already happened.


So a sig Keith Lee voice today. I gave Ocho a two piece and a biscuit. He got it. So let's review it. Ocho Hey everybody who said that? That's what a, that's what Keith Lee, he gonna give Ocho. Yeah. I don't even, hey, the two pieces, I don't even eat biscuits. I don't even eat biscuits. Matter fact, I don't Listen, I don't even play with my kids. I don even play my own kids and he playing with me. So you know what time it is. I ain't gonna let it, if I feel ocho, if I see, if I feel he get the best of you, I'm gonna come in there and help you. Okay. Nah, I don't need, I don't need no help I don't need no Help. Hey bro, I'm gonna throw that towel.


Hey don't we don't, we don't throw, we don't, I ain't gonna let you listen y'all man. Y'all don't know y'all Man. Listen, you got too much pride. O y'all, I'm telling you right now. That's the problem. You got too much pride dog. Nigga get the best of you. Sometimes you gotta, Y'all You got Me that day y'all stop Man. That it's what? It's, you got me that day. But tomorrow I be there. Nah, but I do cut your ass. You don't want 'em tomorrow, the next day or the next year. Yeah. You cut you too short. The shit you don't want. No, I'm good. Hey, what, what? Hey, you remember when Deebo, when he hit red and he went to his old man? You want some of this? What old man say, okay, no, no.


Hey, but that, that's not, that's not gonna be the case. That's not gonna be the case. I'm telling y'all now. It's gonna be exciting. I really hope we find some time to set this up. Huh? I really hope we find, we find some time. I I like this. It is right up my alley Too. This would be fun. Tonys g said Ocho and Kely going at it while Prime commentator on the side with Feed Families. I got my money on ocho. Yeah, I I'm, I'm sure you do because they, they when I, you know they used to call me hella hands. Right. They called me Han. Matter of fact, let me hold on. Matter of fact, when I was in la why call you when I was in la? You know I would. Man, listen man, I'm, I don't wanna bring that up. You know when I was in LA and stuff, but they, I would, they used to call me Little baby SWAs.


You, you, you hear me? Ah, hey, hey, hey. I'm gonna tell you again. Hey Keith Lee, Bruce Lee, spike Lee and Lee from Rush hour. All them getting they ass whooped. Steven Garcia said two 10. Count your boy in. That's why that's my motto. Oh yeah. Two 20. I had a plenty question for Swish. Which city has the best looking women? New York. Oh hell nah. Sweet New York dog.


It's so New York is Flavors. Yeah, they got flavors now. It is. You want 32 Famous Basket and Rob is where you wanna be. I'm telling you first I hear Miami, I hear Atlanta. I hear Houston. I hear La la might be a little, little, little bit made up more. But boy, I lived in Atlanta. I been Houston. Jesus. Woo. I got a daughter in Houston. I don Dunno what y'all talking about. Yeah, I got a 15-year-old in Houston dog.


So I ain't even gonna lie. What y'all, what y'all talking about? Yeah, We ain't talking about nothing. These Chis You got 50 11 kids though? Yeah. Hold on. My, my, my kids. My, I got the, well, I got ki I got children. My kids are grown. All my kids grown. Babe. That's the case. I got children too then because they all grown. All your Kids, all your kids. They grown though. So it is only three of 'em. That ain't the rest of 'em grown. Yeah, my kids in there. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What? You said it's only three? I aint how many is how many is this 37 in? Impossible. He got about, yeah, he got about nine.


What's gonna happen? Take that. That's A good hand Though. It's 11. It's 11. It's 11 because that, you know all, all in mind. Yeah. Hey, about to be 12 because soon as you get back there, you know what gonna happen. I Expect that. And you ain't hit me. Huh? I ain't supposed to. Hey, guess what? Soon as you go back, as soon as you go back home, another gonna pop out. Nah, I don. I don't. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I I just told you I'm on a spiritual journey. Hey, you on a spiritual journey to Yes. Wedding Mike or Tore said love the show just got me, just got me a girl and I really like any advice for us.


He just got him a girl. You Just got you one. He say he just got him one. Wait, how old is buddy? He say hey, you got any advice for them? Yeah. Go through that phone before you waste your time. Don't go through that phone. You gonna get what you're looking for. Exactly. Which is why you don't need no girl. Everything you looking for dog. Yeah, that's okay because hey, what she, listen what she did before. You ain't got it to do with you. What she do after you ain't got nothing to do with you. What? What she does before you. What she does after you.


The only thing you concerned about what she does while she's with you. That's why If y'all break Up to go, that's why you need, that's why you go through that goddamn phone. Okay. What she go through your phone? Yeah. I don't, I'm going through the phone. Don't go through it. Go through It. It's right here. It, my, my my passcode is 8 8 8 8 8 8. I ain't got nothing to hide. You hear me? No, you aint go. You ain't going through my phone? Huh? You ain't going through my phone? Why you go through my No. What? Hell I gonna let go through my phone. I just met you. We gonna get together. I had this phone for 25 years. You think you gonna go through it? Hold on. What if what if y'all hadn't met?


What if somebody, hold on. What if it somebody you've been with for, for for three, four years? Right. Oh, okay. Three, four years. I might let her, I let, might let her take a little sneaky. What you mean Mike? Mike, you didn't might let take a sneak or I might might let her take a sneak peek. Hey, Hey, hey. Listen Boo is your itinerary. Yeah, that's it. Listen, that, that, that, that phone that tell you the truth bro. It tell you the truth. And, and and, and you can help you. It can help you stop wasting your time. You it can they Help you stop your time.


You think? Can you think somebody's one way and they're a completely different person in private Right behind your back, right up under your nose. You top outta different. Who I was about to say I thought, I thought you keep your little man outta control. That's why you in the situation. Not me. Oh nah, he was just, he was just throwing it out there. I ain't do nothing wrong. Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh nah. Thought was just, he was speaking more in the, in the, in the hypothetical sense. Oh, Six years old man. I don't be moving like that no more. Man. You got time for that shit, man. Jone Lee said Ocho, let's go to a Vikings game.


A who? A Vikings game. Shit, he paying for the tickets. Don't start me to lie. I mean, we asked me, he invited me to the game. I be, if he got a ticket for me, shit, I'd go, It's too cold man. I know Minnesota got A dome play the dome. Huh? So how you gonna get from your house to the dome? How you gonna get from your apartment to the dome? You gotta walk your ass outside. Yeah. You don't like the cold. Don Minnesota got the indoor down Play in Denver and don't like the cold man. Easy skywalk. I retired 20 plus years ago. That's how I Like, I like the cold. Yeah. Don't they got the skywalk in Minnesota though?


Yeah, but what if you ain't staying there? I think it is a like dog I. Don't know. I I mean I need that. I be ask Cece about that. That's, that's Cece. That's called Chris Carter's territory there. I need to ask him about that. Oh, okay. Kevin Brooks says, man you can't, Hey guys, can you? The Holiday Inn, I can't do nothing with it. My twin girls, Ryan and Riley Brooks game last night, Ryan had 19 points, 11 rebounds to assist. Two steals. Riley, who's a year removed from beating type two, two types of cancer and plays limited minutes at 8.3 pounds. Run still. Hey Kev, let me shout out your twin girl.


Let us, we gonna shout 'em out. Riley, Riley Brooks, congratulations last night. I don't even care if you won. Especially you Riley. What you've been able to overcome thus far, beating two types of cancers and still being able to play a sport that I know you love. That has to mean a lot to you. And I know it means a lot to your mom and dad and all those family friends and loved ones that care deeply about you. So to the Brooks Girls, Riley, Ryan and Riley, congratulations. We are here. Nightcap is here for you. Kev, thank you for your support for watching and listening to Nightcap. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. And just so you know, the Nightcap family gonna have continued prayers for your girl Riley.


So congratulations girl. We're proud of you here at Nightcap. Leo Fno, proud of you mind. Leo Flo. What's up guys? This is your ex teammate, man. My family and I lost a family member last year and the guy that killed my son pled lead to 25 years today. Finally got closure. Now we can begin to heal. I appreciate you guys, bro. That's tough. I can only imagine even, I can't imagine losing a family member like that in such a violent and, and, and, and sudden, you know, manner. But like you said, this, the process of healing can start now because the person that committed this heinous act has, has been brought to justice and will start and it doesn't bring it back.


And we understand that. And we are the night camp family. We understand that there's no amount of of, of prayer that can bring your son back, but at least it gives you some type of closure. Closure to know the person that was responsible for this act is, is gonna have to pay a price for serving time. It doesn't bring it back. It doesn't make it any easier. And I know you miss your son, but we're glad that that some, some measure of, of closure was brought by this sentence today. So Leo, we're praying for you bro. Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life.


The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts. Earl c said, how would y'all fix the NBA with viewership rating switch? That's your level. What, what, what you gonna do?


Switch to get the fans back into watching? Let him fight. Honestly, man. Like And then, oh dang, I'm gonna my champ. Honestly I think it's the, it's the league fought has gotten towards gotten to, because you don't have to play without the like being ridiculed and now they trying to like necessarily back off on like guys playing and having to play certain days. So like, I don't know man, it's, it's a tricky situation to where it's like even if you drop the schedule to 65 games or whatever the case may be, you still not getting everybody the, the best shot.


And granted if somebody's hurt, how can you tell who's hurting, who's not opposed to resting? So I don't, I I don't know man. I don think it's a very tricky situation but to get to, to keep the fans engaged, especially when, you know, you got so many superstars sitting out X amount of games per year. And I, I wanna say on average it's like right around 16 to 20. But that's a lot of games though. Especially when it's T-M-T-E-S ESP n Games. Like, and now they got streaming, now they gonna have games streaming SW stream. Yeah. Like that's a big, that's a big number when you really think about it.


Like think about how many Monday night games it is a year. And then think about two stars on Monday night not playing. Oh NFL ain that every Monday night it's gonna be hurt. Right, because and because that's, I'm saying the thing else wish is that if you look at an NBA, if you look at an NFL season, they play 17 games. You guys play 82 games, that's like five games. So you miss one game in the NBA that's like missing five games in the NFL in baseball they play 1 62. Right. So if you miss one game in ba if you miss 10 games in baseball, that's like missing one game. You know what I'm saying? That's like, so you miss one game in baseball that's like missing damn near half the season in football.


Yeah. The NFL ain't having that. That's why they put the rules in place because they know the people that generate the buzz is the quarterback. They not finna have no quarterback sitting their ass out. Oh no. Oh no. They'll change aa. That's what I'm say about B from sex. How you hit the quarterback. He's still sl and like you think ain't nothing about to come from that. Hey, I don't know how much he make but them three game checks. I know he make more than a hundred thousand a year with ocho. You know that. I know that. Yeah. Yeah. He'll think long and hard before he do that again. And they sat him down because at the end of the day, money guys like okay, they really play for the love of the game. But when they sit you down and they, and nothing because think about it, they nip and talk, they tried to get a playoff spot.


Oh yeah. And now he gonna feel like he let his team down 'cause he ain't there to really help him battle. They took his money and they took him off the field. So let ask you, this is the define the Fame in the Ls, the NBA 'cause when I used to get fined or suspended, like you can't come to the game. No hell nah. You can't do none of that. You can't be on a facility leave an hour and a half or two hours before the whole team arrived. All of that. That shit is weird man. Like I ain't, don't get me wrong, I I'm not condoning getting suspended or in no type of way. But you just disown me from the whole team. Yeah, it's crazy dog. They don't play At all.


Should hits his base salary is 1.5 million this season. Meaning it'll cost him 265,000. Now he made 1.5. 1.5. This is before tax. That's before taxes. Ooh. Damn. So you know they take the hurt. Uncle Sam get what? 39% of that because he ain't got no state taxes. So 39% who? No, and that's if he live in Texas. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. He he ain't got no state taxes. Well he, yeah, I don't know, but hold on, y'all do know there's a, what they call a sports tax.


'cause sometimes when you go to different states you gotta pay tax on income that you earned there. And that, that's how NBA worked. That's how the NFL worked. And we thought every athletes you gotta pay a tax in every city that you, and then because I, I didn't because at first I, my account was like, oh, this never gonna work. It worked. It worked. Right. And they took it out. They took it out by check. So Michael said, who is winning basketball game Ocho versus Swish Ocho gonna beat the shit or beat, beat the brakes off with to a against what? Huh?


I don't need I don't need, I don't need, hold on I don't, I don't like I don't like that. I don't need help. I mean Switch can't Be. Oh, you got it by yourself. Okay. Take off Ocho. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. That man. That's, that's work. That's where, that's I ain't, I aint it not easy work but it, we gonna play Juan. We can play Juan you gonna get This work. I'm tell you right now, Ojo. Hey Ocho, that's like, that's like me sitting here saying I Ain't, that ain't got nothing to do with nothing. That ain't got nothing to do with nothing. We talk about basketball right now. That, that got a lot to do with Everything. I told you I average 35 in high school. Told you I ocho I scored, I was all American football player in high school. What you want me to say? Like I was on s.com and shit Too? Listen, it's what You, what what You want me to do?


It was easier for me to transition into basketball and football is much more difficult. For who? For You? No, I ain't they I I I do it all. I I do it all. I just think if we, I think Played, played 1 0 1. If we played 1 0 1, I if we went to 11, I'd probably beat you. I I'll beat you 11 eight. You going to 21 and you gonna be 11 eight. I said I ain't say that. I 11. No, you said 11. Yeah. Okay. You beat, you beat 11 eight. So 11. So 11, you gonna beat me 11, eight. Right. And I Say I don won't even, I won't even, I won't even, I won't even use my post game on you.


Yeah. See, see that's like me saying I'm a I'm gonna beat you eight outta 10 routes. I like and I'm not even gonna press you. I'm trying, trying to explain to you this is what I do. All all, huh? That's, that's same thing. Insane. I'm trying to explain to you this is what I do. You hear me? I challenge, I challenge people at their sport and I dominate them at their own craft. That's what I do. I ain't gonna lie ocho, that'll never happen No hoop. Now with me Split in back some get I back, get York tomorrow, get what you wanna do. I'll come back tomorrow. I catch a flag. I'm, listen, I'm here, I'm here until Sunday. So I Wanna 20 saying Doug, Ryan, Y'all to, you wanna go to Rock park?


What you wanna do? Nah. Park And park. You, you might not want nobody to see this shit. Oh shit. I'm taking it up town for sure. I gotta take it. I gotta take it to the family. Every, every wanna do it. We where Everybody wanna do it, I'm ready. Pat 22 said, do you think anybody can reach the Fame of Michael Jackson that Michael Jackson had? Absolutely not. And, and we in the social media era and they still won't reach it. Absolutely not. You could, you could answer that yourself without even asking. That ain't never happening When they, when they start passing out, when I see people pass out just to see this man, when they start passing out to see somebody, party rush, I'll let you boy.


But until then, absolutely not. This is crazy. Absolutely not. You have grown men passing off. Nah, Mike was, Mike was on another level that that ain't different. That ain't like a homo homosexual. Like you had a grown men passing out Different levels. Yeah, that's, that's a different level of Fame. That's a different level. I mean you gotta probably Michael Jackson, he probably was Jordan Christiana, Ronaldo all combined in the Yeah. In the one, You know, you know what can I, can I say something? It is might be uncomfortable and it it, it is, it is scary. The type of Fame Michael Jackson had is the type of Fame where you worth more dead than alive.


Yeah. I don't want, I don't wanna be that famous. I mean, because he couldn't go. No, I mean, think about it. Yeah, he been right now. Hey, that's, That's, that's, that's how famous he was. I don't wanna be that famous, more Dead Than alive. I but you gotta think about how, how young he was when he became famous. Yeah. I mean he been Michael Jackson since he was like eight. What you talking about sw? You can't go. You can't go. No. I mean at least, at least we got things. We, we still can go. Some, we can still creepy and go somewhere. That's what I'm cool. You get like that.


Oh no man. I'm cool. I told my momma, I swear I told my momma the first year I played with Melo and she, and I told her, I said, mama, I don't want be no superstar. She was like, what you mean you, you, you, you worked your whole life. I said, mama, I don't wanna be no superstar. She's like, why said mama, mom, I can't go nowhere. I ain't gonna be able to do nothing. Like I play on the team with these and like start running down like we go to best buying certain shit. She's like, really? I said yes. She was like, wow, I ain't thinking about like that. I said, man, I don't want that. I don't want that. You see, look, I've been around like to see LeBron and I. don wanna have that life like that.


Maybe. I don't want that. No sir. I still find, I still find Deltas dark. I be an American and United New lines and shit. And you imagine people just sitting there nonstop just like, yo, hey yo. Yeah. Like, bro, I'm not doing that. No, I won no part of that? Nah. Doc Martin said Uncle Ocho switch. Do y'all thought, what are y'all thoughts on Chris Carter saying if Ryan Day don't win the national championship at Ohio State, they should fire him. Yeah. He gonna get fired. That's a whole doesn't it doesn't help that it's record against Ohio State when you are three touchdown favorite at home and you lose, you lose you.


You've lost to the last three years you lost score. The last five. There were different coaches too. Like you ain't even moving the same coach in the same scheme. And with that, with that quarterback, hell Jerone right? Should be Coach of the Year just for winning in seven games with that quarterback that he got because that quarterback is not very good. And we being kind, I don't know football like how y'all know football, but when I see certain things I'm just like, bro, you, you, you know, you know Michigan quarterback isn't that good. And you also know Ohio State was 19 of the High Point favorites and they lose.


So, but I play college football in a video game. Money from Ohio State is he's he's the hardest person down there to tackle on the game. Yeah, it's impossible. How did he not meet? Like, what's going on? That's tough. That's tough. Hmm. That concludes this edition of, but she ain. Still there Ain't SHEO there ano. Nah, no. Nah. He back at Rutgers. Sh Kelly's the oc. Okay. Back in Jersey, baby. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and y'all know who we are.


I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. That's your favorite. 85. That's ocho and the guy at the bottom is one of the great three points. Marks Smith in the N-B-N-B-A history. Thank you. NJR Swish. Thank you Smith. Guys, I thought you talking about me. No. Make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we want to thank all of our subscribers, our booing audience, and our listening audience. Thank you for your support. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. The holiday season is upon us and we wanna make sure you have a festive holiday season. What better way to do that than with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order we'll get it right to you.


Please. Drake Responsibly, check out my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company. 84. Our release just dropped. We got new shirts and sweats. We've also released stocking stuffers such as beanies, zis, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Now our contributor is JR r Smith and you can follow him on his podcast R three podcast on all platforms. That's at R three, the le the number three podcast to get all information and keep up with what Swish is doing. He's a golfer, he's a sommelier. He loves his wine and he has a very interesting take on a lot of things guys.


The heat beat the brakes off the Lakers, 1 34 to 93. LeBron had a good game, but it was in a a lose a blowout effort. So nobody really cares about that. They've got to figure this thing out and I don't know if they have the pieces to figure it out, but they gotta get something done because at first they said it was Darvin Ham, we got a new Coke and they got the exact same record as they'd have with Darvin ham after 12 games. I mean a 21 game. So they gotta figure this thing out. Magic Johnson was on social media saying he was embarrassed. James worthy is embarrassed. He's talking about two great Lakers know what it takes to win championships, but the Lakers do not look good and they haven't looked good for a while. So thank you for joining us.


Ocho and I are back tomorrow. Swisher, join us again next week, next Wednesday. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho that's Wish. See you Manana. The Volume.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


It's the Kia season of New Tradition Sales Event. So don't just hang your own lights venture out and look for the Northern Lights. Drink cocoa on the beach or be a drive-by karaoke caroler because every Kia comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited powertrain warranty so you can take holidays to places they've never been. See your local Kia dealer or visit kia.com to learn more. Kia movement that inspires. See Kia dealer for warranty details. Event ends 1 2 25.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.