
This is an iHeart podcast,


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there. Force Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look For a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Now more than ever, Lowe's knows you don't just want a low price, you want the lowest price. And with our lowest price guarantee, you can count on us for competitive prices on all your home improvement projects. If you find a qualifying lower price somewhere else on the same item, we'll match it. Lowe's, we help you save Price match applies the same item. Current price at qualifying retailers exclusions and terms apply. Learn how we'll matchPrice@lows.com slash lowest price guarantee.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA Member ftc?


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old s sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The volume. All right, check this out. Stat and Mad Max. Wanna see Michael Beasley and ISO Joe? Nick take a listen to this Joe. Only person I would like to see him play is Joe. I look at you. Yeah, yeah. I, I wanna say I'm go against iso. Yeah, ISO Joe. I like ISO Joe, but God that, I just think these Joe got, Joe got signed Too, Joe.


Six nine. Yes. Two 30 is your Joe Monster. Yeah. That'll be tough one. That'll be a good one. Joe. What you thinking Joe? I think it'll be a great matchup. I tell y'all something Man. I said hey, come on Joe. No, don't gimme no PC. Match that shit man. Listen, listen, Listen. Would you, would you listen man, Listen, okay, okay. I sat down and talked to them guys. What? Next chapter before they pick Lance Stevenson and a Ocho? I'm gonna be honest with you. Like man, when we sat down and talked, don't don't diminish my career, bro. And what I've done, right? Like we sat down, you talking about, oh man, you and Bees had great NBA careers. Man I got 20,000 points.


Only 52 guys in the world with 20,000 points. Come on now. Kevin. Time, NBA Allstar. I wasn't, no one hit one, two hit. Wonder like I did my thing, man. Don't diminish what I've done. You know I ain't saying what Beasley done. I'm just saying don't come to me with this piss poor ass offer and think I'm just gonna jump, I'm just gonna jump board now if y'all wanna make this thing legit and we doing it however you say boxing style, then come to me. What? Gonna take what? What? With two 50,000 Joe. That'll get you. Nah, Joe ain't doing what? You just here 20,000 points. We gotta NBA Allstar, we need 500,000 a better.


What you talking about Joe? Yeah. We gonna have to negotiate this Unc, you gonna have to come at me. Right? Maybe you don't come to me. Right. I ain't the guy to go go back and forth with. I'm just gonna be like, oh, okay cool. And I'm gonna keep it moving, You know what I mean? Hey, Joe said I ain't got no habit now, so if y'all think I need money because I got a habit, I don't got one. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Joe. Joe and Unc, listen Unc, you should have known, they should have known not to play with Joe when he was on the show Talk. I he got property. Property. You know He gotta cut it, Joe. He gotta cut it out. You got, he Gotta chill. What's Wrong with Listen Joe, you won't say it so I said it for you. Man. Don't play at me like that. Don't play at my top. I got money.


Nah, listen, listen a Ocho I love competing bro. I, I seen what him and Lance did and what they went through. That was a long drawn out process before the game itself. You know what I mean? Like bro, my time is valuable homie. Yeah. Come at me. Right? Yeah, go ahead. Make the money. Make the money right. Get the responses and go and say hey, one on one Be and I o Joe. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Make make it right man. Stevenson. Hello? I don't know what y'all, I don't know what y'all, I don't dunno what y'all making. Hey, talk Yogi. Hey Joe. Hey, I'm Joe. Say I'm not him, Joe. Capital. Capital I, period. Capital M I'm him Mango not him.


Go play with somebody else. Yeah. Go play with somebody else man. Hey, that's, I put a name on it so I can say a name for you. Who? So I can let them know not to play with us because I talk By, Hey, nah, we, we ain't wining. They know they are. We aint gotta, Hey yeah. Hey yeah, yeah homie. You know who you are. Shoot, I'm talking for Joe. Yo. Say he about that. Y'all know Josh? Yeah. He said how y'all now come, y'all do know what ISO mean. Right? Yeah. Y'all do know how I got that name right. What you talking about? So y'all know what I do one on one. Right. Hey, hey, hey, because I'm, I'm chill laid back man. Don't take that shit. Shit. Hey Jon, think that shit is sweet, Jon. This shit ain't sweet over here. I Already, you already Think you too big of a cat to be playing with like a kitten.


Hello? Hello Big babe. Come on. Ain your fault. Hey, you gotta come at me, correct? Man, you started talking about, oh man, we gotta take care of these guys on the under card. What the hell they gotta do with me? It ain't got nothing to do with me. The under card. I'm the card. I don't know what's under hell, but I'm the card, you hear me? Yeah. Hey man, they gotta come correct uncle saying I gotta feel they gonna make it happen. I'm sure they will. And then it will happen. I'm gonna be there. Right. Make the money. Right. Make be there. I I'm, I'm gonna be the talker for you. I'm gonna be the talker for you. You know, you just, you just focus on playing and I do all the talking to Beasley 'cause he ain't been out.


Talk me. I, I got, I'm ready. Right. Yeah. Mike, we ready, Let's get through it. So, hey, y'all wanna make this happen? If y'all want to come and get a a, a, a a a a the third member a Nightcap, it's gonna cost y'all. Yeah. That's all I'm saying Man. And we gonna have to be in attendance and Ocho and I gonna have to be in the tender. We gonna have to be screaming it on Nightcap. So we have to be lying too. Oh. I'm gonna be there. I'm gonna be there. I'm talking trash first quarter. I'm gonna be in there with my iso Joe. Well on. Huh? I I'm gonna be on the sideline and Shit. Yeah, we gonna have that thing turned up to the back Man. Hey Joe. Hey boy.


Hey, hey man. I gotta tell you what about, about the story today man. What happened with boy? I Think you missed five these, Joe. Hey, you a two x ain't your aunt? I might be, I might need to be a three x. Hey, I told, I told, I told, Hey, hey. I told you Unc, it's all Ain two. I gonna have to wear jock strap because if I, if I reform and bend over, you gonna have your tight. I no I there. I know you gonna have your thighs. Hey, it's simple things. Hey Joe, O Joe. Man, if I go outside and fall on the ground, I'm gonna grow old three a cars gonna be in the soil.


I told, I told you they told you they supposed to be like that on. It is for your Hey. Cut short like that. Huh? Cut Short. Hold on. How you gotta cut short in the front and long in the back? It's got just, just a little tan, just a little ta. Hey, that's a new style, huh? Damn. Look, look. Hey, hey Joe. Oh Joe. Yeah. I might have to put mine on backwards then. I need to put, I need, I need the fry hanging down a little farther. Hey, hey listen. Hey, hey. I had, I had my, I had my stuff on today though, right? Joe and I and I was, I was down, I was down over in, in Ura area. Aventure.


You know, I, with my people, You know I with my people, we going to grab a little bite to eat or whatnot, You know, and You know, Google up my girl, You know, boom, she done shut off, shut off into the store. And I'm sitting there, I'm, I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone and You know, three girls come up and they all got on Lululemon. I like, whoa. But what I like what you got on? You know, you so, you so handsome. Like, so I looked behind me to see and see if system conference like yeah, you See the setup? Somebody been the setup coach. I, I thought it was a setup. I'm like, I, I really appreciate it. I, I thank you. And this is, this is from a good friend of mine by the name of, You know Joe Johnson. You know daddy, he down there in Atlanta. He got a yoga studio. This is, this is his stuff. His stuff.


Yeah. I told Our other, make sure you watch the show tonight. And I, he'll he'll be, he will be able to do a better job of dressing where you can get it from because this is, this is a care package. I told her I'm never really on the end of receiving things, but I just happened to get this in the mail and I put it on as soon as I got it. Appreciate. I know they probably watching right now.


Yeah, they watching. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate y'all. All they gotta do is go to d iso yoga.com and you can de you can definitely place your orders on that. Yeah, I'm gonna have to. Oh, you need a big size. But hey, it's about yoga. It ain't about being big. It's about being comfortable within yourself. Yeah, but I, You know what I'm saying? On your out. I don't want grow no egg. I don't wanna grow no oak trees. Man. Bitch. Hey, hey, my shorts fit perfect. Right. You don't wear your shorts that high now. Come on now. What you want me to wear? What you, It's supposed to be, it's supposed to be, they supposed to come above your knees. Huh? It's about, it's yoga these, Hold on. Lemme see. Lemme go, lemme see real Frank. Hey Joe, my sauce fit. Perfect. Look at it. Look, I already knew they gonna fit you right on the money. You know what I'm see You see all the muscle, Man. You got your little thigh. Hey, one thing about it, GU, I'm chiseled up boy. I'm chiseled up man. Head to toe. I got muscles and the toes. Come on. Jay wants to use. Hey man, come on man. I mean, can I get up at least? Oh no, no. Oh, they don't come to you knee. They supposed to be a above the knee baby. Hey, he, Hey these yoga shores, he wanna look like the Michigan basketball team from back in the day. You hear me? Man joke half a thigh. I definitely got half a tight soul. Yeah, you gotta have your tight soul on. Oh man, you good. You put the shirt on like robbing and Isaiah Thomas and the bad boy Piston. Hey, Hey Joe. He one them five. He one them five, five yoga shorts. We in 2025 baby. Okay, we gotta tighten up a little bit. Oh man. That's funny. Hell nah. Shoot. I I like it. Y'all Goddamn damn material good. What? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. May y'all take care of y'all man. Hey, where Got this from? Come On now. Come know it's probably Italian. Huh? We hey we, we we gotta talk about T. Yeah, I Think you be on your rich shit. 'cause you the only nigga I know got property shit. I ain't never like that. Go here he go. You gotta chill my boy. You chill. We pin the link in the chat. Where you get the iso joke at man? Hey look, I appreciate did each other have a back pocket? You need to use this back pocket material to fuss some lid. Take that back pocket off and go ride and just add it like a quarter inch long.


Hey Ojo, sit down. It wasn't that funny. No Listen, I like, I like my stuff small. I like my stuff small. 'cause if, if it my short small it make everything else around me look big. You see Puerto Hey, hey Joe. Hey look how big guys look Joe, look at look, look at my arms. I see you got your guns out. I see you Joe. Hey, hey Unc. Huh? Yeah, I'm getting there, but I'm telling you there fight number One you getting there. The Puerto Rican Superior National owned league, the league that Boogie Cousins, plays in suspended for the remainder of his season. After Boogie had a number of altercations with fans on Monday.


Boogie also had his contract terminated by the team first Boogie scratched his his acorns and made this fans sniff his hand. And then on his way off the court to the locker rooms, he ly provoked fans heading to leading the one person dumping a drink on his head. All hell broke loose once that happened. Boogie was trying to absolute his heart, his absolute hardest to break free of the people holding him back to the attack. The person responsible at no point. Okay, Ocho it is scratching it is scratching your, your, your, your, your your man product and making a heckler sniff worse than spitting on them.


Oh, he spitting on them? No, he scratch, he scratch, he scratched his private part. Right. And put him in the heckler face. Made him smell his hand. Yeah. That ain't no, ain't no ain't no, we, we ain't got no, that can't be in the game, fellas. Like, I, I ain't gonna lie, just watching that I was embarrassed for Boogie watching it. Yeah. You know what I mean? For him to lash out to act that way, You know, grabbing his private part and the way he went, like, you gotta understand man, heckler's a part of the game. Yeah bro. Like they gonna heckle you, especially if they know you emotional unstable, this is what they going to do. They gonna do whatever they can to get under your skin to make you react in a way that when you probably look back at that, you gonna be like, dang man, I was so outta character, I shouldn't have been acting that way.


And it was disappointing to see him act that way. And I'm, You know, I'm glad them dudes held him back. 'cause if he did, would've, if he was to get up in them stands and get at the dude who threw the first drink on him, man, that whole arena probably would've jumped on. Would've and then it, it it it'd been the malice and the palace all over again. Yeah. Yeah. And it wouldn't have, it wouldn't have been good. Yeah. Huh? No, he probably would've took one of 'em out, but yeah, that ain't would've had, ain't no situation. The civil bank gets a hundred men. You hear me? So Yeah. I I I thought that was a bad look, man. I, I didn't, I didn't like to see that. I'm gonna be honest with you. So what you guys think about that. I agree. I agree, Joe. I agree. Boo and Boogie knows better Boogie, boogie Boogie has played in the NBA Boogie knows.


And, and maybe that's a part of the reason why he's not back in the NBA because they, they, I mean, he's played good enough. We know. Look, yeah. There was a, a honest discussion that was being had. Yes. Who would you rather have Boogie Cousins or Anthony Davis, because they were the two best big men or, or fours or five, or however you wanna label them. They were the two best in the game. Boogie was getting you 55 and 20 Boogie was getting you 40 and 25. He was sensational awesome. He could shoot the three, he could post, he had the mid range Boogie, could offensively Boogie, had no weakness. All he didn't, but he talked himself out of a situation. He could have got a max contract from Sacramento for 205.


He talked himself out of that. He ended up going to New Orleans and ended up tearing his kines and it kinda went down from there. I agree with you, Joe, in a situation like that buggy. Come on, bro. Go ahead and get, just get that money. I don't know. I I'm sure he is making good money. I it's not NBA money, but he's making good money. He's making more money than he would've be sitting on his couch. Absolutely. Absolutely. But the dude that come on, I mean, that's, that's, that's really disrespectful to scratch your, I mean, to scratch your private and then put, put him in the man's face. Yeah. Man. Now You know, you, you on the street and you do some stuff like that. Oh, do go fire you up. Right. So look, they had no choice but to let him go.


Yes. You know, you can't come back in that arena thinking them, them fans ain't gonna, they, they gonna forget that. So I hated to see him acting that way because I like working and, You know Yeah. As, I mean, he's a hell of a player, man. I I we to him a couple times, Ocho at different places. Yes, sir. I, I, I mean he's really, I mean, he understand, he's really engaging Great, great conversation. Yes, sir. But I, I, I don't know what what possess, I don't know what was said, what possessed him to do that. Yeah. Of all the things you could have done. Yeah. Just like, Hey bro, I'm better than you, you watching me play. But to do that, Yeah. I mean it's, it's unfortunate by the, well, what happened and then what transpired, but I mean, just, it's all about being able to control yourself, understanding the environment that you are in.


You're gonna have hapless, some people are able to con control themselves in those environments. Some people allow people to get under their skin. Man, listen, I ain't no telling what was happening or going on with him that Pacific Day that caused him a step like that. And it's, it's, it's sad to see and unfortunate that someone this great and the way he was viewed as the NBA player, and it's come to this. So, I mean, hopefully, hopefully young Bull can can, can get it together and get another opportunity somewhere else and, and write his wrongs. I, I, I don't know. I, like I said, I don't, I don't know, I don't know what was said to make him respond and make him go that route because I mean, what, what, I mean, what would make you to do that?


Of all the things that you could do? I mean, I would've, I mean, I, I mean for me, I, I never would've thought, I never would've thought that, no, I, I seen a fan doing like this. I don't know if he was calling a cry baby or if he was heckling with that entire game and he just got fed up. But for me guys, I just feel like it's nothing that, You know, I know fans can be a little irate at times, but I feel like, man, you gotta keep your composure, bro. You gotta control your emotion. Because sometimes, You know, fans go to games just to do that, just to get you outta character. That's their job. That's their job to help. He may have been there for the other team. So his job was to heckle Boogie and hopefully he can get him by the character. A Robin Picker, the guy that used to be at Washington, the game behind the bench and heckle everybody from Jordan to Charles Barkley.


I think he started with the Bullets and then obviously the Wizards. But he was a, he was, it was a part of it. And, and the guys actually looked forward to it because in order for you to get heckled, I mean, you got be a pretty good damn good player. They're not heckling the, the the eighth guy on the bench. Right. They might like, Hey, shut up. Why you ain not even getting in the game. I, I love, I'm so, I, I'm, like I said, I don't know what I mean. Look, sometimes Ocho you just have a bad, you have a bad day, bad day. Must Must, it might have been one of them days. And You know, something, something exacerbates that situation. Yeah. And in the process of you having a bad day, somebody saying something or doing something, it makes your day get even worse.


Yes, sir. But I mean, boogie know Boogie with his history and knowing that that would, that's, that's, and I'm not saying that that's the only reason. Maybe there's some other things maybe they don't think Boogie can help him, whatever the case may be. But it's hard to see that on all the Big Men, the five that's in the league currently. Yeah. They, they're better than Boogie. Ain't no way all to be four and five. That's in the NBA right now. Better than Boogie. He's better than Alex Lee right now. I know that for, I know that you played, you probably played with Alex Lee and Joe. I played against him. Yeah, I played against him. Okay. Yeah.


Yeah. I think you're right. You're right though. He's definitely, I I think he's definitely better to add his Alex Lynn. But maybe, maybe it was a point to where he was, You know, complaining to the Wrestl lot. I didn't see the game. I'm just speculating. And maybe the fans just took advantage of that opportunity to kinda, You know, get into his emotions and he couldn't control himself. Hey, I like, I like them chaotic environments like that. Huh. Joe. I love, I love, I like playing away, You know, away games with the fans of heckling, they talking trash and saying all type of stuff. You know, sometimes, sometimes I, I talk trash back, but that, that stuff, it, it never ever gets up under my skin. I always enjoyed it. I I Hey, but Ocho you gotta look at from a basketball standpoint, they right on the floor.


Well, that's fine. That's Fine. That's the difference between football and basketball. I, I, they could catch you. I, I understand Baha. You could be sitting your ass right next to me. It's the fact that you talking trash. I like being in that chaotic environment. I enjoyed it. Yeah. I operate very well in chaos. Very well.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary V GW Group Void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


the NBC nightly News. Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broca. You hope to See you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yma. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yma evenings on NBC.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay. I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years. So I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime, lot of ice. Refreshing, easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games, a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation, Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Yeah, I, like I said, I like I said, it wasn't a good look without knowing. Like I said that it'd be interesting to see, but everybody gonna say boogie no matter what he said. He didn't call you the N word. He didn't say this X, Y, and ZI mean, and still, You know, like, hey, call security. Say man, like Kevin, like a lot of times the NBA now they just point to you and and security. Have you removed, they'll have security, have you removed. Absolutely. But to, to, to. And then, like I said, they had, they revoked his contract. They terminated his contract. So I, like I said, I don't know how much money he was making, but I, hey, it was enough money to call them to go over there. So obviously it was decent money, right? Yeah. He wasn't making minimum wage. Nah. And then probably playing the game, man.


A lot of times, especially as we get up in age, it's really therapy. You know what I mean? You still had a love and passion for the game. You enjoy, you enjoy competing. So, You know, for it was probably more so that than any o than anything else. And like you said, all yeah. If, if it gets too outlandish to where, You know, they going overboard. They saying things that you feel like they not just go, this ain't trash talking here now. Nodding you, making it personal. Yeah. He security. Hey, remove him. Right, right, right. But to try to, You know, dissolve it, You know yourself obviously. You see how that went and it was bad, man. It was bad. It, it's, it's, it's really hard to look at if you ask me. Yeah. I I hate that. Like I said, I, I like boogie, but I Yeah, you, you, you can't scratch your private and then part them in the man's face.


Yeah. You can't. Yeah. Hey, hey, the man, the man started flipping him off and then it was bad. Yeah, it was bad. Look, hey, what was what it was at Joe. But, but You know what, but You know what, we we're like a group of us, anytime we do something, it it reflects negative on everybody that looks like us. Yeah. Now everybody else that, every, anybody else that does something like that, that's them. Yeah. Us. See, I told you that's how they, that's how they are. That's how they behave. That's how they act. That's how they do this. We're the only, we're the only group that when one person in our group does something, it reflects negatively on us.


And that that's in, that's ingrained Ocho I'll be somewhere and somebody start yelling or screaming. I, I get embarrassed and it ain't me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not me. Ocho I get embarrassed. Oh. Same way. So I'm like, damn. I mean, a lot of times Ocho I just like, Hey, hey bro, age. Just take it here. I said, man, I'll pay for it. Right. Right. That's just, and then, and then what, what what took me was when you started flinching at him, like he was going to hit him. I was like, oh man, come on. Y'all get boo up outta there, man. Don't, don't let him. Don't, don't have him out there acting like that. They got my man all outta character. I said, damn. So hopefully we'll see him get on here some at, at some point and kinda let us know what happened.


Right. You know what I mean? So, very unfortunate s situation though. It is a very, very unfortunate situation. The New York Knicks added more names to the list of coaches. They aren't allowed to interview this off season. Here's a look at all the coaches that Nick have tried to interview so far. Billy Donovan, Chicago Bulls, Jason Kid, Dallas, Mavericks, I may Yoka, Houston Rockets, Chris Finch, Minnesota Timberwolves, Quinn Snyder, Atlanta Hawks, the Knicks are also are, are seemingly eye well established CLO coach to replace Tom Fido. But they haven't had much success so far. See Ocho that lets You know, there was no plan.


You trying to interview coaches that already have jobs. Jobs. Yeah. Don't, You know, aren't you supposed to have this thing lined up if You know that you going to let this man go? Like I said, I believe, and I could be wrong, right? I believe they expect when they beat the Boston Celtics, now that place unrealistic expectations. Oh, we, we gonna beat the, we gonna beat the Right, the, the Pacers, we going to the NB finals. Yeah. And then that didn't happen. Right. He been playing his players, he been grinding his plans all year. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Boom. Boys gassed out. Dude, listen to, to me, the only, the only person for the job, You know, that would qualify and maybe have the same success that Tom Dip had would be Mike Malone.


That's the only thing. That's the only person I could think of. Yeah. You'd be being denied permission to interview those head coaches. Doesn't necessarily rule them out as candidates. The aforementioned coaches, all the coaches I mentioned, Billy Donovan, Jason Kidd, I made Doka, Chris Finch and Quin Snyder teams have all said, no, you can't interview these guys. The aforementioned coaches could try to force their way out of the current positions. But that is a very, very risky move when you haven't been guaranteed to get a coaching job. Absolutely. It looks like they looking for a very veteran, they won't coach. Yes. You're not getting this job. Because the expectation is they, they thinking championship. So they're not gonna give this job to a guy.


A first time coach is not getting this job. Right. And I know it's a lot of people out there petitioning for Sam Cassel, but not, not this. He not getting this one. Yeah. They not, they not going with No, no. First year head coach. They want somebody experienced Veteran Coach, Shoot, Mike Malone, Mark Jackson, hell, Mike Brown. They ain't going. But for whatever reason, I ain't even heard Mark Jackson's name. Nope. I don't know what, I don't know what it is. I, and, and nobody really, You know, you hear this and you hear that and a lot of speculation and conjecture and innuendo, but nothing has been offered as fact of why Mark Jackson hasn't been given. Every other coach that's been fired, not once, not twice, three times have been given opportunities.


Yeah. This man did a great job. He kinda laid the foundation for the Warriors and he can't even get an interview. Yeah. They don't only mention his name. Nah. Nah, they don't. That's crazy to me. So it makes you wonder, man, is this something a lot deeper than what gotta be. Like I said, I had Mark Jackson and he, I had him on Club Shaha early on and he said he didn't know. He said, I wish they would tell me. 'cause he from that area, I feel like, yeah, he went to St. John's, he played for the Knicks. Be Perfect. Be Perfect. Yeah. As a matter of fact, he was rookie of the year. That'd be perfect. I think it was what, 87 Mark Jackson.


What did Rookie of the Year in 87? 87. 86. 87. 87. 87. 88. 87 80. Okay. And then, You know, you got guys who probably don't think that's a, a sexy job right now, man. You know, because they just made it to what? They made it to Semis? No, the finals. Eastern Conference Finals. Finals Finals. Yeah. Eastern Conference Finals. I think that's what plays certain unrealistic expectations on them. Nobody had them making a run. Nobody thought they were going to beat the, the Boston Celtics. Hell, they, it wasn't. They go seven games. What'd they go six games or seven games with the, with the Detroit.


They won six. I think they won. They they beat Detroit in six. So with that being said, being, and now you beat the Boston Celtics who won the championship last year. And you, and, and You know, you jump out on them and it is like, okay, now ain't nobody in our way now on this side, but the Pacers Right. We ain't gotta worry about the calves. We ain't gotta worry about nobody else. We've already dispatched the, the Celtics. And so I thought that was unrealistic expectations that when it, those, You know, that's the thing that happens. Expectations, when expectations aren't met, that's when disappointment comes in. Yep. That's when, when disappointment comes in.


Someone posted a graphic predicting the 2028 US men's basketball team roster. They got Jalen Bronson, Anthony Edwards, Tyrese, Halliburton, Donovan, Mitchell, Cade Cunningham, Jason Tatum, Zion, Williamson, Paulo, van Carroll, Jalen Williams, Cooper, Flagg, bam, by the bio and Chet Re I don't know, Joe, I don't think we bringing the gold back in 28. You don't think so? They done caught up with us too much. Nah, I don't know if the team gonna look like, I, I sure hope Steph and KD and LeBron can still hang on. Nah, it is a wrap. Damn.


28. Oh, boys ain't, Hey they ain't them boys ain't playing that in 28. Hey, when you like magic, let, magic, magic came outta retirement and, and, and Bird and Byrd was on his land and by was on fumes. Nah. Hey, I ain't gonna lie though. But the, the disparity as far as But you think, You know, you think that team right there could beat Serbia, could beat Sia, could beat France. That team ain't beating France. Nah, man, it's gonna be hard, bro. It's gonna be hard. We ain't got no sides. I seen, I seen, I forgot another team I was just looking at.


They they had the two Thompson twins. Oh, Jamaica. Yeah, Jamaica. Jamaica gonna have a squad too. I mean, listen, these teams can have all these squads, these teams and these countries can continue to improve as much as they want. That goal is coming on down here, man. The USA, you hear me? Oh, this is in la huh? Yeah, it's in la. Yeah, it's in la. Yeah. Ocho man, I don't know, bro. What's up? Hey bro, Mike, there's, there's, there's a reason why they started sitting Pros and no longer sent college players. I got you. I understand. And it is a different time. It's not 1992 when you got four or five guys in the NBA. There are two, three guys on every team. Unless you go to sedan somewhere.


Right. That, that's NBA players. I understand that. I understand that. And those guys, and, and the, the difference is these guys have never played together. You try to put a team together in two weeks. Those guys been playing together they whole damn life. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. It'll be challenging. But I think I, I definitely think we could compete. It's just gonna be hard to win, man. Because the, the world is getting better. These guys are getting better. Man, I'm looking. Whew. I don't know Ocho Hey, Listen, I, we, we come, we're just talking. I mean obviously we're basing things based off glitz team. Oh, Joe, think about what we said. We said kd, we said LeBron and Steph.


And it took a historic, it took a great shooting. One of the greatest shooting performance in, in, in Olympic history. It taken LeBron playing at his apex. KD played at the Apex to beat France. Yeah. That's the game of basketball. That's basketball. France is good. They're good. They're they're Good. Yeah. Guess what? They're gonna be even better. Wimpy's gonna be even better because you remember that. Yeah. Wim gonna be even better. Hey. And they got two other guys. They got star rash. Aren't they French? Oh yeah. Yeah. Listen, one thing about it gonna be, listen, one thing, it's gonna be one thing about it, France, we not finna let them have basketball.


That ain't happening. I don't care how good they gotten. I don't care how much they've improved. Now soccer, now they gonna be this event. They not finna be as soccer. And now you talking about now they finna beat this in basketball. Now that ain't finna happen. They, they gonna have to pick a, they, we, we gonna have to pick a struggle. And our struggle is soccer right now when it come to playing France. They ain't finna beat this in basketball too. That ain't happening. I'm struggle. Lemme deny, man. Since 2017, NBA finals, there's been a former Washington Wizard that have won the NBA finals every year. The Pacers have one former wizard on their roster while the thunder have zero. So it goes 2017.


It was Sean Livingston and JaVale McGee. 18, Sean Livingston, JaVale McGee In 2019. It was Jody Meeks in 2020. It was Dwight Howard, JaVale McGee, mark, Keith Morris in 21. It was Bobby Porters in 2022. It was Gary Peyton ii, Otto Porter Jr. And Chris Chile. And 2023. It was Calwell Poe, Jeff, greenish Smith and Thomas Bryant. In 24, it was Christoph Ingas. And 25 it is Thomas Bryant. Mm. NBA fuck. Mm. Okay guys, I've seen I was trending all day.


And so let's, let's talk about it. Nicki Minaj featured your boy and a latest song banned from No, with the Line. If I send a pic of Shannon, you ain't that sharp. Last night she tweeted, if that's what she said, Ocho almost caught her frizzy just by being around your crazy tail self. I almost caught a, I I'm, I'm gonna caught as straight. Yeah. Now Nicky, that's, that's my dog, man. What you talking about? What she talking about? What happened? Here's the, this is what happened. Ocho Talk to me. You, You know, I used to go back and forth with people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I was talking about Nikki Haley.


Nikki Haley said something. Do we, do we we couldn't find it. We don't have to. But anyway, we were talking about Nikki Haley. Nikki Haley says, it's really great for everybody of Black Americas. And I'm like, when has it ever been? When has it ever been great for Nikki? When has it ever been great? And somebody tweeted, so I'm talking about Nikki Haley. Right? So somebody says, Nikki really wants, wants to come on your podcast. How am I supposed to talk to, I'm talking about Nikki Haley. Right? I'm like, Nick, who? It'll be like Ocho. Hey man. Hey Unc. Nobody them sports. Yeah. I'm people gonna say Unc, who? Right. It might be Snoop Dogg, it might be me.


So wait, this is a whole misunderstanding. But she thought I was, I'm like, I'm talking about, I'm going, I'm tweeting back and forth. We talking about Nikki Haley. Right? Somebody outta the blue talking about, I'm like, why the hell Nick? I'm thinking Nikki, who? Nick Haley wanna come on my, well, I guess what? Oh, see, see what she Got to say. Oh see, this is the complete misunderstanding. So I, ma'am I got a, I got a text from Sis man and tell her, man, listen, sis uncle can't mean no, no, no foul, no, no, no harm. Like it was a misunder. Hey, You gotta get, you gotta get on her. Yeah. I, I Got Ocho I got you. That, that's My what I do, people every time I introduce myself self to somebody. Yes sir. They can be a celebrity entertainer.


Entertainer, whatever, athlete, whatever case may be. Or somebody just random. I always introduce myself. Right. I'm Shannon Sharpe. Yes, sir. Yeah. They laugh. Ash and joy laugh every time. And people tell me, I know who you are. Right. I'm not arrogant enough to think that everybody does know who I'm Okay. Okay. With that being said, look did, if somebody would've told me, Shannon, you gonna be in a rap song? I was like, who gonna rap about it? I damn sure wouldn't have thought it was gonna be Nicki Minaj put me in a rap song and I damn sure didn't wanna be in one like this. Yeah. That was the night. Hey. I was a nice little bar though, huh? That was a nice little Bar. Lemme lemme take the time now, Nikki, it was not, I was not trying to be disrespectful.


Of course, I know who you are. I would be remiss to say that I thought you knew who I was. Or do You know anything about Club Shay? I'm not that arrogant. I mean, I'm surprised when people, like when they, when people's like Kat Williams, that's, I mean, when people say Club Shesha, the first thing, next thing outta their mouth, cat is Kat Williams. Yes. Yeah. I I, I'm Shannon Sharpe. I did, I Club Shesha. But I, it wasn't meant as a disrespect. I wasn't like, yes, I know who you are, but I was, I've been going back and forth. We've been talking about Nicki Haley. Yeah. So Im just trying to figure out how do we, You know, I'm supposed to be like all of a up man. Nicki Minaj. Yeah. So Nicki, Hey, I apologize.


I meant no disrespect. You always have an open invitation. If you ever want come sit down and have a conversation, even if you just want to have a private conversation on the phone or something, it won't go any further between you and I leaving it like that. But I admit, I didn't admit any Disrespect. We, we apologize sis. Huh? We, I apologize too. 'cause I was gonna caught straight. Shoot, I'm sorry. I ain't even do nothing wrong. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. To the Barb Sue. You know? Yeah. You gotta apologize to the Barb Sue. You can't just apologize to Nicki. You gotta apologize to the whole congregation. It's like when you int church, But she didn't, she didn't she say you almost, but you didn't catch one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, but like I said, I think when said, when they said, Nick, I'm like, You know, because I'm talking about Nikki Haley, we've been talking about Nikki Haley for the last three, four minutes.


And then somebody, I'm supposed to automatically assume somebody said another Nikki. I'm supposed to automatically assume that that's Nicki Minaj. Right now we've been talking about music. Okay. Nicki Minaj, who's the, who's the, the, the greatest female rapper of all time. And we go Nicki Minaj, we go a little, She great. She, she's the great man, the queen Now say, okay, would Nicki wanna come on the show? Well, I'm automatically gonna say, okay, Nicki Minaj, okay, I'll, oh yeah, let her come on. But I'm talking about Nikki Haley and that bull jive, she said, Yeah. So, like I said, I didn't mean any, I didn't mean any, I didn't mean any disrespect. And obviously clearly you took it that way. So I apologized Nikki, that was not my intent.


She, I thought they were talking about thought the person was talking about Nikki Haley. And I was more like Nikki. Who, why, why the hell she wanna come on my pod? Mm. She aint Come on my pod talking about spreading them lies. Well, matter of fact, hell yeah. I'm again, I'm, I'm apologize too. I'm apologize too because I'm a part of the show, so I almost caught her straight. But I don't want no smoke shit. Matter of fact, hey, I told you uncle, you got, I apologize to the barbs too. You gotta apologize to the congregation. You got everybody. I apologize. Well, look, it's the same thing. Like when I said that, when I said, You know, we were joking Ocho and I said that about Meg thee stallion. Yeah. Meg came on, I got an opportunity. I apologize because like I said, I said, I said it to Jess. We were, we were just like, and okay, fine.


She took it like that. Okay. That's not how, You know, I was just joking. But like I said, I'm mad enough to, if, if, if I offended you, that's the way you took it. I ain't got no without, I apologize. Hey, I'ma make hey. Huh? Don't worry about it. I'm gonna make that call. Do you understand? But Nikki could do for us, but if we get the queen nigga about, yeah, for sure. You talking about the creed to rap, huh? That's historic. What we talking about. Come on now. Matter. Hey, if, if Nick, come on, if nigga come on, I'm coming and I'm, I'm wearing all, I'm, I'm coming, I'm coming. I'm definitely coming down. I want me a pitch. I on me all rap and man, shh man, stop playing.


Boy. You know, I don't, I don't get excited by nobody. Boy, we get Nicki to come on the show. What we talking about, man, Right. So, so Nicki, I apologize. Sincerely me, that was not my intent, but intent only matters to me because clearly you're still offended. So I apologize sincerely, and hopefully we can move forward. Like I said, you have an open invitation anytime that you'd like to come off club. She, shea we would love to have you, even if you just want to have a conversation with me. And like I said, that conversation will not go any further than what you and I and I would like to apologize to you in person, either on club, she show or in a conversation.


So no harm, I didn't mean any harm by it. Yeah. Yeah. That's my dog. You gonna, oh, you gonna be good. You know, we jack my dog. We follow each other. We been family, You know, back, You know, You know Lil Wayne and You know, back man, we, we, we, we, we here. I ain't know y'all had no issues. So I didn't know either. Hey, listen, I didn't know either. And it was tri. I mean, somebody sent it to me. I, I'm not on social media like that because the collab, I let, I turn my social media over to Jordan, let him handle it moving forward. But You know, I I I'm gonna get back on there eventually, but You know, right now You know Joe, You know. Yeah, Don't worry about it. Hey, take your time because we gonna be here waiting for you. We gonna be here. I'm gonna be there. Alright.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broan. We hope to see you Back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for Us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We Are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We Look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing, easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How bid to get? 30. 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid to get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent of $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35. Gigabyte of networks, busy taxes and fees. Extra siemen mobile com.


We'll get outta here on this. It's time for our final save of the evening. It's time for q and a. Oreo. Hoodlum says we call him Hallean. Not the moment. Hallean ain't gonna sell. It sounds too much like it sounds too much like the other group that was over. Inga. It's not gonna sell. Now. If he wants something that you can market the moment he can market just like the truth, huh? Yeah. I, I, I, I, I mean, hey that's fine, but in a name it needs to be marketability. So you, you tell me who gonna wear, who gonna wear Haa Band shirts?


I mean, I want you to tell me, unless he does it himself. Tell me Nike, tell me Puma or whomever, he's None of that. You can't market that Unc you can't sell that product. It doesn't make any sense. Now for us culturally, You know, you like it Hadley Band. I mean it, it is cool from a culture perspective now globally, you can't, you can't market that now. The moment, the moment now that that's commercials, shirts, Shorts, thank you. You know, Thank You know you, you can, you can move product with that, huh? Yes. Yeah. Like has like having Blue Magic. Don't mess with Blue Magic The moment, I mean the the truth. Oh, Paul Pierce, everybody know who that is.


Everybody Mama. Something like I say, you say Mamba Chef Steph. Hey look Hall keep playing like this boy, that moment will take off. Yes, yes. He Halliburton playing like Embrace the moment. Yeah, go ahead and make you some money off that thing, bro. Oh yeah. Fossil Sports Club said okay c see Rattle when they were down in crunch moments, they better come guns blazing next game. They blew so many teams in the regular season. They haven't faced tight game situation until tonight. You know, they had, You know, they had a tough situation. What was that?


The Nuggets. But for the most part, yeah, You know they, they win that close game but then they get 'em in game seven and they blew 'em out. It is, look, blowouts are nice, but man, you really want to be battle tested because you wanna know that when you get in that moment. Ocho and Joe. Yeah, Yeah. You can dig down and dig your way up out of it. I think they're gonna be fine, but they definitely need to come out and, and, and play a complete 48 minutes and game four. They're not gonna be fine. But I hear you. I love, Hey listen, I love the confidence. I love the confidence. Have gotta get it together quick. You gotta get it together. Are we hasad? Yeah. Him. Who's the best trash talker on this panel?


It's gotta be one of y'all. Well, yeah. Hey listen, It's hard. This is the difference when you talk about this panel, I'm the best trash talking talker in sports in general. In general. Ain't nobody mess with you. It What? I'm the, everybody know. I'm, I'm the lift barn champ. I'm 500 and no, Hey Joe, Joe, you gotta understand. I went, I went way past just talking. I went way past just talking. I talked to the media, I talked to you in your face. I send you team gifts. I send you presents like it's, it's different. I went, I There's levels to trash talk. Yeah, I, I done send, I done send stuff to people, houses, just, Oh, Joe.


Oh, Joe, I, I crawled, so I crawled so you could walk. But we played it wrong. We played at the same time. How you gonna crawl with me and I Ocho With you? I'm no I, I'm, I got a guy suspended. I had a coach. Quit. Resign. Don't do that Ocho you better check my resume. Check it. We, we played at the same time. What you talking about Man? When you, when you got the league? I was in year 12. I played two more years. After you got in the league, you played another 10 years after I left Kim Bernard with Junior. Say Joe, my question is, could you see Kat KD and an on the same team next season?


I would like to see him in Houston or San Antonio. Oh yeah, I can see him and, and on the same team. Ann's favorite player. Yeah, it's his favorite player now they gonna have to probably give up one of Ann's favorite player, which is probably McDaniels or somebody. But I agree. I can, I can definitely see it. I can definitely see it. And I think it'd be a, a great, a great match them two together, man. They, Hey, that'll be box office, Unc Ocho, I mean, can you, okay. KD and Drew Randall still there? You probably have you Randall or what's the backup? I, I'm, I'm, I lost my train. Na Reed.


Nas Reed. They probably gonna get rid of Rudy, but yeah, I can see him and an teaming up together. I can see it too. Yeah, we know Houston got the pieces. We know San Antonio got the pieces. I mean there are only a handful of team that got the pieces that can do a straight up now, like GP was saying, you are gonna probably have to get other teams involved. A couple of teams, two, three teams, maybe even four teams involved because You know, it's, it's not just good enough to get, You know, players. You gonna want draft capital to replace the capital that you gave up to get kd. That's why Phoenix said Phoenix ain't got no draft pick still damn near 20, 30, 20 32.


Right. So, You know, with, with San Antonio having a number two pick, You know they got some good assets over there man. So in Houston. So it ain't gonna surprise me if he go to either one of those. I I wouldn't be surprised either. Fledge said, what would y'all do if Lt or Trent Williams did what DeMarcus Cousins did to y'all on the football field? Yo, what if that was Phil Jackson? What if that was Phil Jackson? Jackson? Look guys, you gotta understand the football player's mentality is a little different than, than like everybody else. 'cause we it's macho, macho that disrespectful. Hey, you might take one, but hey, you ain't gonna let nobody disrespect you like that man.


No, I don't know. You see y'all looking at it from a spa man. They big it man look here man. You pick up something a five pound weight. Hell, but it bust hell outta somebody. Nah, I ain't nobody going, ain't nobody going for that. You not finna scratch over and put 'em in my and put 'em in my face man, please. Yeah, I don't, I don't. And I, I like, I say hey, the one thing we, we look if you wanna cause the fight be disrespectful to somebody. Yeah. Yeah. Every time. Yeah. Matter of fact it don't even have to go to that extent. Fights don't even happen. Things don't even, it is not even that serious And fight starts. Yes. Somebody like that. Yes man.


Shoot, they might not be able to break that one up. Nope. Nah. It was a good thing they was able to hold him back, man. But man, I've never seen fans throw drinks like that. I'm talking about nobody get kicked out or nothing. It was just like, they was just letting him have it. Like, even them, they wasn't even spin. They just telling to be cool. But I'm like man, I never seen that. You gotta Understand. Gotta remember. You gotta Understand LT wasn't a fighter though. Now we saw Trent, we tr saw Trent and Richard Sherman get into it. I think that might have been sherms rookie year. Yeah, but Lt LT wasn't a, and You know, back then they let you fight.


They let you fight back then. He think he thinks one of them dudes don't get outta character like that though. Okay. O Joe. No, that wasn't, that wasn't that. Like I said, LT wasn't l Look Lt had done bust up your quarterback, you tried to get off the field. You just like, the last thing I wanna do is make that man mad. So he kill the hell outta the back quarterback because he probably done knocked the, the starter out of the game. It's a good thing. Back then you had three quarterbacks on the roster. 'cause Lt was, they were knocking quarterbacks out. Sheldon Pope said Ocho, who do you have Canelo or Bud? Ooh, that's a good one. Listen, as much as I love, I I love Can Is that fight gonna be in Vegas?


It's in Riyadh? Yeah. Yeah, it's this card. The cards are gonna be dope. It's a really, really good card. Oh. It's gonna be in Riyadh. So it's always sounding Arabia. It's it's in Vegas but it's on the Riyad car. It's called a Riyad. Riyad. Oh, Riyad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm going with Bud. I'm going with Bud. I'm going with Bud too. I Love Canelo. I wanna go to the fight. Huh? I wanna go to the fight. You for real? Yeah. Yeah. I listen, I I I don't wanna go to the fight. I like watching the fight from home. I can, I, I wanna see the fight actually develop round by round. I wanna see, I wanna see and be able to, you can see The fight, the fight develop right there with your own two eyes. You can't, I mean, not being there. People all in the way screaming like, I like, I like peace. What it what it be in the way at?


No, well I, not my seats. Oh my bad. What's the best fight y'all went to? What's the best fight y'all been to? I, I actually, I was in, I was with Bug when he fought Earl Spence. Oh, you there? Oh, when I was there? Yeah. Yeah, that was, I saw fight. I saw who else I saw fight. I saw Tyson fight. Frank Bruno. I seen a couple of Mayweather fights early, early on Mayweather fight. Yeah. I seen Mayweather fight Ricky Hadden. That was, that was a good fight, Man. He beat the brakes off Hatton man. I'm talking about beat him into the turn buckle. I saw a couple of fights in New York who I saw, I saw a Holyfield fight like three times in, in New York.


Yeah. I, I don't, I don't think people use use. I mean, I, I don't, I I don't like going to fights man. I if if you, if I, It's hard. It's a buzz though, man. When you, it's hard but ain I mean I been, I've been, I've been to one. I've see, I've been, I've been to watching, watching Charlo twins fight. I've been to a agent Corona fight. You gotta Think you got that. I've been watching boxing since Adrian Broda was way back at the fairgrounds way back in the day. Just back when I was playing in Cincinnati. When they, You know, when they fight hell I've seen god damn the bronze bomber. Oh. Oh. I slipped in my mind. Dante Wilder wild Deontay Wilder fight back in Cincinnati before he was a pro way back in the day on the fairgrounds in Cincinnati.


So I've been watching the fights for a very long time. But now that I know and understand what I'm looking for, what, what you looking for? I like watching it from home and watching Egypt eat everything developed round by round. It's, it's, it's more than just, You know, throwing punches. I, I think the casual Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Probably wouldn't understand that. But I like to watch things develop that way and see the sweet sciences, the, the sweet science itself play out on tv. Well, I Guess we ain't going to the fight. Who Said? I said I guess we not going to the fight then. Oh, you, oh, you were saying that for me to come to the, to get you tickets or to get tickets or Something? No, I can get ticket, but I, like I said, You know that's gonna be a Saturday night.


You know, we got, You know we got night camp. Hey, maybe, maybe we can get Turkish Ali to come on. What Shit. Okay. I mean, You know, I can't, nothing but a phone call to make, You know, I I'm sure he would love to, to sit down and, and be a part of Nightcap and talk about what he's doing for, for boxing here in the States and how he to improve and get the people the fights they wanna see Mike Brown Ocho, you got the slide to a Panthers game tomorrow we going back to back. Okay. Okay. Hey, we got a show tomorrow? No. Okay, I'ma Hey, matter of fact, if you got an extra ticket, I go to the Panther game with you.


What you try? Yeah. What, What? When did they play? Oh, oh, oh, they played Saturday, right? Yeah, we, we playing Whitney. The, the game. The game four Saturday. Think it's Friday. Oh yeah. We go, we gotta show tomorrow. Oh. Oh. We gotta show tomorrow Ocho We gotta show Thursday and Friday. We're Off Saturday. We off Saturday. Well we, you, you traveling, you gonna south of France too? No. Okay. I I, I I leave for the south of France on Saturday. Huh?


What you got going on? O Joe? France? Yeah. Me, Joe. Joe and I gonna hold this thing down for on game, for game five. Yeah. What Saturday? Yeah, I could be on, I'm taking my equipment with me. What you talking about? You gonna be, it's gonna be 4:00 AM You just be getting there. You ain't gonna be up. You Be That's fine. Be up. I got a job to do. Uhuh. Don't do that. Don't do that. Hey, I'm dedicated. You hear me? Yeah. I'm gonna be Frankie L Belly. Hey fam, what's one thing you've never, that never ceases to amaze you like no other, like, no matter how old you get or how much you seen, it still makes you stop and say wow Ass Ocho line.


He gotta cut it out, Joe. Man, You know it. You already know it. Somebody gotta hold him accountable, man. What I lie about? Your name ain't Ocho. It just, you were born at 68. Listen, I I I promise you listen. Everything, everything, everything I do and I talk about Joe and it's always from experience and, and the American people need to understand that anything I say is based on past experiences and things that I've been through in life. That's the only thing I can speak on. I can't speak on nothing I've never experienced or nothing. That's never happened to me. That was that in itself. Now that's a lot. You say experience is the best teacher.


Yes, and I been through some, I've been through some shit man. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I done been through some shit, Doc. Thank for the early birthday gift. I don't know if it's birthday Father's Day, but I got it. I appreciate that. I mean, look, when you, I think when you come from the backgrounds that we come from and you see where we been able to get to, I still think about like, damn, I, You know, I walk around in my house and I'm like, damn. I mean my house will fit in and in in my bedroom, my bathroom and my closet, my whole old house will fit in that.


Yeah. And I'm like, this is, this is my life now. Yeah, man, it's, yeah. You gotta pinch yourself sometimes, man. You do. You do. Yeah, I know, I know the feeling. Trust me, I'm like, man, this don't seem real. And You know, I remember when my grandmother came to my house in Atlanta. I mean she just like, hmm. She just like, she just couldn't believe it. Yeah. Like live. I never thought I was, I, I've never thought I live to see something like this same look every, every holiday, every Christmas, Thanksgiving, uncle Ocho, we actually have over 20 something people in my house, my family, Mom, grandma, uncles, nephew, I mean cousins.


Like we used to be packing them man. You know what I mean? Like that was the thing that was routine for us. You know what I mean? Like, we had never experienced that when I was a kid. No. Yeah. Everybody go to grandma house on Christmas, You know, but to all be under one roof, spend the night under one roof, You know, feel comfortably have man. Yeah. Come on man. I mean, I mean really we could sit, I could probably feed at the bar at the other table and the other table. I probably could feed 16, 18 people at once. Yeah. Woo. Boy, you got your little junior hire boy, you got Hey, blessed and highly family man.


Man, he never lied. And, and, and the thing is Ocho Yeah. God is still good, bad or indifferent. 'cause a lot of times when You know people, when you go through stuff talking about, man, I don't believe in God. Guess what? Yeah. I believe in what I had on everything. Mm. What I got from where I got to where I am now. I believed in him. Yes sir. Sir. So now is he not God in good and in bad? Absolutely. Yes sir. Right. All the, the cars that's in the garage, the what I'm able to do, the way I'm able to help my family, help people, he's still him. And I still believe Absolutely That's not gonna change in tough times. Absolutely Tough people do baby.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite dunk. Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame artery. That's the pro bowler all pro Chad Ochocinco Johnson and the third member of the team Nightcap, breaking down this game tonight at the Indiana Pacers win one 16 to 1 0 7 is the guy from Little Rock, Arkansas, Arkansas alum. That's ISO Joe Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button and we wanna send a special thank thank you GP for joining us. We looking forward to having you back. If we get to a game six or game seven, come back and break it down with us. We appreciate that. Yes. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button.


Guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We can't thank each and every one of you enough because without you we're nothing. All the awards that you see behind myself and Ocho is because of you. Word of mouth, your ears, and your eyes. Thank you so much because we've been able to get to places we never thought we would go. And that's all because of you. So we can't thank you enough. We appreciate your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, we're coming to that city or state very very soon. Order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. The best taste in premium cognac on the market.


Don't take my word for it, try it. You will not be disappointed. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with the link 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. The Indiana Pacers take a two one lead over the OKC Thunder one 16 to 1 0 7. Thanks to Tyrese. Halliburton had a almost triple double 22 points. 11 assist nine rebounds. But it was Ben Benedict Rin off the bench. 22 minutes, 27 points, four rebounds, one assist a block.


He was fabulous. They got 49 points from their bench. TJ McConnell was TJ McConnell. He had 10 points. Obie topping had eight points. Shepherd had four points. They had 21 from aka, 22 from I mentioned from Halliburton. As they win one 16 to 1 0 7, take a two one lead game four Friday night, will they be up three one or will it be two? Two. Headed back to OKC. I'm Unc. It's Ocho. That's iso. Thank you guys for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow night. Giza The volume.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this spring. Stock up on all your personal care favorites and earn four times points now through June 17. Shopping store online for deals on all your favorite personal care items like Pantene, shampoo, native Body Spray, deodorant, secret body spray. Venus Razors always pads, head and shoulder shampoo and native deodorant and earn four times points. Then use those points for discounts on groceries or fuel. You don't wanna miss These deals offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Can't Afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old send back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's and a purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


This Is an iHeart podcast.