
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sports book. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho, we talked about it. The commander stunned the Lions 45 31 to advance to the NFC championship game's. The first advancement since 1992. Jayden Daniels threw for 299 yards. Two touchdowns. Yeah, Jerry Golf had a brutal day. And this what concerned me Ocho. Yeah. When your defense is a little sus, but all those injuries. Exactly. The last thing you can do is turn the ball over and you definitely can't turn it over four times. Yeah. You play double. You gave a pick six up. You took points off the port board with Jameson Williams. You gave him a short field to get another touchdown. And at the end that to that little interception didn't matter. But you still have four turnovers.


Detroit defense had no answer for Washington's offense. They racked up almost 500 yards of total offense. Only had to punt the ball once. The commanders will face the winner of the Eagles in the Rams game. The Lions sin season end with massive disappointment and they expect to have huge turnover. It's reported that both coordinators are probably going to leave Ben Johnson being rumored to go into the Las Vegas Raiders and Aaron Glenn. Yeah. Potential the Jets or the Saints. We'll see how that plays out. But Detroit will have to wait another year. Very disappointing. Season 15 wins a lot of Pro Bowl players on that side, on that football team mojo.


But the first Super Bowl repair for the Detroit Lions. Yeah. Will have to wait another year. Ocho Lemme tell you something man. Listen, I know the Lions lost and obviously golf has to play better with the defense being held together by duct tape. Basically their third string out there. They have a few play makers. That's pretty much it. Obviously golf has to understand in order for you to even have a chance, a winning chance, you can't turn the ball over. You just can't. You can't. That first half of football I tweeted and I asked, and a lot of people answered, when was the last time you seen a half of football that exciting and that good were teams were scoring back to back almost every, it seemed like almost every series now.


They were. Well We, yeah. Well you saw it, you saw it three weeks ago with Buffalo and Detroit. I think, I think in 2019, IFM mistaken Buffalo 2019. The treat man. Hey, The chief in the Rams. I wish football was like that every Sunday. Ev Every Sunday. But the fact that we were able to get street tonight and the upset that the commanders put on the lines was absolutely phenomenal. And I want people to understand how important it is and, and why teams invest in quarterbacks and why they pay quarterbacks the kind of money they pay. 'cause when you get a franchise quarterback like this, it turns your franchise around immediately. Immediately. You have to think, oh, they haven't been in the NFC Championship in the past 33 years.


The past 33 years. This is the First time. Yep. They scored 45 points. 45 points. Which is a, is a, is a franchise record in the playoffs. Man. Hey, I, I I, I don't even know what to say. I'm, I'm so God excited. Obviously for Jayden Daniels, for commanders fans that have waited for this, for who knows how long, who knows how long just to have, just to, to be in contention. Just to be able to compete week to week. And now to be playing at an NFC championship at the 30 33 year hiatus is awesome, man. It's awesome. Yeah. You pay double turnovers, Ocho But it doesn't matter if the team can't capitalize on no turnovers.


And when they turned the ball over over Detroit, every time watching made them play the ultimate price, they got points out of them. Except that interception at the end of the, the first half ocho. I don't know. Golf didn't play well today. Yeah. There's no way around it. He didn't play well. He got Jameson Williams. I don't know why he would throw that pole so flat because the guy's in a trail position. He's gonna jet it if you throw it flat. Yeah. He's gonna jet it with what we, we call it jet. We call it jet cut it Jet every every jab. What we mean is that he'd go undercut. Why, why'd he throw a flat? Why You can't throw the ball, put the air, gotta throw. You got the whole field. And then to, to me, honestly, I think the, I think the ball was late a little bit. Lead him across. I think the ball was a little late. 'cause that's the first thing I it, first thing I tweet, I'm saying, man, that ball is late.


I I yeah, yeah, it was. But when you turn the ball over like that, give j Jay Daniels, man, I don't know this rookie season that he is having. Look, you know, last year we go back and talk about rookie season. We saw CJ Stroud had an unbelievable season. He was rookie of the year. We said RG three season. He was rookie of the year. But for him to do what? Because Yes sir. Look, we've seen rookie quarterbacks go to the playoffs. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, I think Mark Sanchez was the player defensive. But that was a defensive led football team. We saw Joe Flaco go to the playoffs. That was a defensive led football team. This is an offensive led football team. Their quarterback is asked to do an awful lot. And he's like, okay, let me do it.


Whatever as a, whatever you need from me As a rookie. He's not supposed to be this goddamn good this early. Do you see it's them poll your on a zero blitz three man coming right at him. He's sitting there chilling. Yes. Just waiting, just waiting. He hit urge twice. Zero blitz. What the hell? Yes. I'm, I'm Yes. Die. Die. A brown makes an unbelievable catch. Terry McCluen to catch him with a bomb. They catch him with a, a a a blitz. Yeah. It wasn't bl because the safety terrible was in the hole. But he takes a terrible angle and, and Mcclar hit, mcclar hit, hit the, hit the hit the hit the jabs on him, and then he's gone.


But Ocho the thing is, and we knew this, oh yeah. First of all, oh yeah, there, pressure team. Detroit's a pressure team to begin with. We know once they got to leave now you ain't got no choice. Now you gotta take, you gotta take even more chances now. Hey guys, let's just catch the ball. It's a wrap. They miss a tackle. You can hit your head on the goal post it. It it's a wrap. But j and this, this what really concerned me because Jared golf can be great where he goes, we've seen him do this OCHO weeks outta a time, go 18 of 18 for a game. But we've seen him turn the ball, throw five picks against the Houston, Texas. We've seen him and they win the ball game. We've seen him turn the ball over two times, three times in the game and they win the ball game.


But you can't turn the ball over against a team that's just this explosive on the offensive side of the football when they got play makers, when you got Ertz, who's a three time pro Bowl player, you got Terry McCluney who's going to another Pro Bowl, who's an outstanding receiver. And you got guys playing exceptional Brown, making big time plays, guys running the football, the offensive line. When you have a player like a Jayden Daniels at that position, which is the quarterback position, everybody believes in him. The offensive line blocks a little harder. Guys run a little harder. Guys make tougher and tougher catches for you because they believe so, Hey, I can't let this guy down.


I believe in it. The whole team Now the defense like, hey, let's get the ball back. Now all of a sudden it seems like the ball has a magnet in and it's distracted to the o the other side of the football. Yeah, I've said this before. You pay double turnovers and when you are, I believe Detroit's is, is was the better team. Yeah. But guess what happens though, Joe, when you turn the ball over that team that you might be better than He lift everything out. You Pull up level Everything level. Yeah. And and also what I like also your ass up also with the running game because Jayden Daniels is such a threat similar to Lamar Jackson. I'm not saying he's Jackson. I'm just saying the fact that he has the defense Yep. To be able to hold, he be able to hold when he put that, when put that ball in Ecklins belly or he put that ball in Brian Robinson's belly and he, he make them them in sit for just a little bit.


Allow them guards to go up to the second level and get that block. Then you getting five, six yards to pop every time. Okay. In the end, the end, you wanna crash down. You know what, I'm gonna take it and go and go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. That's not your responsibility though. Yeah, that's what I don't get. They got it fourth and two. Yeah. Keep your eyes. That's not your responsibility. You have contained, your responsibility is contained. If he runs for a touchdown, ain't on the opposite side. Coach. I don't know what you want me to do. That's not you. That's what, that's why I couldn't coach Ocho. He knows his responsibility is contained.


Why would you take ocho? I don't give a damn. Well, hey, I'm gonna be looking right here at my gap. Right, right, right. No, what about I don't care. They ain't got nothing to do with me. This is my responsibility over here. And when you're dealing with a guy like him or you're dealing with a guy like Lamar, one false step. The man, I had a coach Les tell us all the time, son, if you hesitate your beat, you take one false step against a Jane Daniel Jackson, you take one false step against a guy like Lamar over Jackson over or or Josh Allen. You're beat you're not gonna, you're not going to recover and stop him from getting two yards things. Yeah. That's why they want you to hold, contain. Yeah. Do your responsibility.


Nothing in the A gap. Nothing in the B gap. Nothing in the backside. A, B or outside is your responsibility. You abandoned your responsibility And you give, and the funny thing about it is every, you got your eyes in the backfield on the fake pitch that's going the opposite way anyway. You wouldn't have, you wouldn't have been able to get there anyway. Wouldn't to get there. What gonna do anyway, what you gonna do? Chase him in the end zone and have everybody thinking that that's your guy. That's all you gonna do is chase them in the end zone. They were like, man, Arnold got beat again. Ocho, if guys would just do their responsibility, whatever that is. If you got a gap ocho, if that guy comes in outside, that ain't my responsibility.


I got the a gap. Arnold has contained, he must not contain, means nothing gets outside of him. Nothing. Hey Ocho, if I'm, if, if if I'm, if I'm security at a club, I got the front door, somebody coming. I don't know through that my responsibility. Hell, you should have somebody back there. I, I got the front door. That wasn't, they tell Vera why the girls always coming up. Are you in charge of the girls' Vera? Yeah, I'm in charge of the girl quick. So why the money coming up? Why the money coming up short? Vera, are you, hold on. You in charge of the, are you Accusing me of stealing?


I am just saying why everybody always accounted for, but the money coming up quick with the, with the girls. Arnold your responsibility, but okay now 'cause yeah, dq, he says I'm going for the death blow. I ain't selling for no field goal. I'm going for the death blow. I got this hammer in my head. Yeah. I got the momentum and I'm not going to relinquish it. Maybe if you stop 'em more fourth down, who knows, maybe that takes some of the wind out of the sale. It gives you some momentum. But what do they do? They go and score a touchdown. I get it. Yeah. Jerry golf picked the worst time to have one of his worst games of his career.


You turn them all over like that. In the post season, you are losing probably 1000, probably 999 times out of a thousand you're going to lose a game. No. If you give up a pick six, you throw a pick in the end zone, you fumble. Look, like I said, it was four turnovers. He had three, he had three picks and a fumble. That last one. Oh Joe, the game basically, I mean you already, what you down 14 points. So you're not coming back. You're not coming back anyway bro, you cannot play that bad in that moment. You are too much of a veteran quarterback to be that reckless with the football. And then you, oh Joe, this is why they tell, and I get it.


I get Jerry golf, he's like, this is a big game. This is a vision around the playoff game. Let me chase. But you're not used to chasing. Yeah. So you don't know where those guys are coming from. You see, the thing is, once a, you and I, somebody get a pick the first thing we do. Okay. Every time where to stay because somebody coming to get you, they coming to get you. So I just need, okay, hey let, hey, let me, because the one time I didn't do that, I got my clock clean. The first thing, the first all I can see is Like, hey listen Carl, rule number one when there's an interception and you on the offensive team, you keep your head on the swivel. Hey listen, you pursued Yes, but you keep pick you off the swivel because you don't know where it's coming from.


No, They can't block back anymore Ocho. But, but if you bringing your ass to the ball, they gonna knock you. And you see what happened. The first thing to hit was his back, his head, he never saw Lvu. He never saw lo, he never saw him. And he put his helmet right up on his mofo chin. And then I about said I talking about right. There should have been penalty called on that play. But if you have someone trying to make a tackle on the play, why can't you block him? Even though it is a quarterback? He had the chance to stop. Oh, because he went Okay, okay, okay. Was called. I understand. And, and you know, it's funny and, and Jayden Daniels also tonight again Commanders fan. If you're a commanders fan, you in the chat. You, you should, you should be happy. You should be happy.


And I said it when the game was going on, despite no matter who wins this game, if you're a Commanders fan and you know you have Jayden Daniels, you should be happy and excited for the next decade because you know what's to come. There have been five quarterbacks that have made a conference championship. Yes. In NFL history in their rookie year. Sean King in 99, Ben Rothenberger in 2004. Joe f Flaco in 2008. Mark Sanchez obviously that defense led that defensive led jets and Bron Purdy in 2022. And now Jayden Daniels, they a young bull is special man. But if, but if you think about the ocho, think about the guys.


You mentioned now that 99 team Eric Brooks, that team had John Lynch, Eric Brooks, rend Barber, Warren sap. Yeah. I forgot about, you know, And Simeon Rice. Yeah. So that's five guys. I mean Brooks in the Hall of Fame, SAPs in the Hall of Fame. Lynch is in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, I think Rend Barber is in the Hall of Fame. So that's four Hall of Famers. Simeon Rice could easily be in the Hall of Fame. He has some issues with people. You know, reporters don't really care about it. Yes sir. But that's potential. That's a defensive based football team. Joe Flacco, do I need to say what they had Suggs? Yes sir. Ray Lewis. Ed Reed. I won't say anymore. Look at Mark Sanchez. Look at what that defensive. That's a Rex Ryan team. That's a defensive based football team.


Brock Purdy's team that was, yeah. Look, they had outstanding weapons, but they played very, very, very good defense. They put so much on Jane Day. Jane Daniels play. Yeah. And he eats it all. He's better than advertised. I thought he could be good. But there's always a learning curve. And look, there's a and and the partner C Ocho. We started, I don't know, Ocho, Bo, Nick, Mike sneaking there. Get some, yeah. Get some of them. Rookie of the rookie of the year boat. Man. Hey, look up He deep breath. Hey, hold my beer. Exhale eight days. Basically gas basic. Hold my beer.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hear that? That's the beginning of a journey powered by the confidence that comes from driving a vehicle so reliable. It's backed by a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty where your journey ends. Well that's up to you. Visit your local Kia dealer today. Kia movement that inspires. See Retailer for warranty details always drive safely. Limited inventory available.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The chiefs defeated the Texans 23 to 14. The Texans outplayed the Chiefs on offense and defense for much of the first three quarters. Yeah, he is. But that my homeboy gonna find a way. The man, they, they, they got him going down. He's Supermans. It finds Kelsey. But I told you nephew a yes sir. He don't have the legs that he once has, but he's a professional get open guy. That's what Travis Kel is. Now can he run like he once could? No. No. Had he been able to run like he once could, he probably have 200 plus yards today. But he can't run like that. Yeah. But what he can do is still get open and he can see things like he ma homeboy struggled this year of getting that connection Ocho what we had seen them have for the past six years.


Oh yeah. That wifi. But when it needed it, you know where going and they did a great job. They double him a lot of times don't choke. You see he run across the basic cross. They got the safety coming down to take it away. They got, they played in and out on him. But look, check this out. And I said this before and people like me keep saying Travis Kel is the greatest tight na of play. He's number one in playoff in catches over Jerry Rice. He's 200 yards behind Jerry Rice for the most receiving yards in playoff history. He's two touchdowns behind Jerry Rice for the most touchdowns in playoff history. Tim Pro Bowls, he had like seven, eight straight 1000 yard seasons.


Right? No other tight end has more than four. He has seven, eight straight. Remember Ocho, he would've got another one. They ba they sat him out last year. 'cause they had, they was already locked into the three seed. The thing that's most impressive about him, as great as he is in the regular season, he's even better in the postseason. And that's not a knock on anybody. Yeah. The two top tight ends for me are him and Gronk. I think it's him and Gronk. I'm taking Trav. That's not to say I don't like Gronk. I think Gronk is phenomenal. His relationship with Brady is sec. It's just like, what, what, what Tre I'm having with my homeboy.


But you can't deny, you can't deny the numbers. Regular season. The Pro Bowls, the all pros the way big game after big game after Big. Have you ever left a playoff game? No. And say, man, Trav let us down man. You man, he ain't played good today. You, I mean Ocho and I'm talking about in the point when the money we shoving all the a, it's finality now the playoffs is all about finality and ain't no a a we'll look at the take. We'll bounce back next week. Next week is eight months from now. This guy has been money a hundred.


That's crazy. 72 postseason receptions. He's far away. He not done. He has 2020 yards. That's second all time to Yeah. We know Jerry Jerry's the goat. Not just because of what he did in the post, in the regular season. When you ever see a game, when you say, wait man, Jerry man please and Jerry let us down in the post season, he's two in, in, in, in yards and touchdown. He is a tight in. He's a tight in and he has a thousand catches and a whole lot a thousand catch guys. What is it? 10, 12 Ocho.


Only what I think wi I think Gonzo. It has the record. He has like 1300. I think Whitten has like 1100 and I think he's the next tight end. He has a thousand. I think Gates had like nine. So I think Gates had nine, maybe nine something. And then everybody else, you know, everybody is kinda after me Me and, and and, but he, he for me Ocho and the most 100 catch playoff games in post-season. That's, that's, can I interest you in that? That's Crazy Tight end. He's won in most a hundred yard games. He's won in catches. He's two in yards. You know it. He's two in touchdown. Know it makes most of that possible too. Huh?


If, if you think about it, if he was on any other team, it wouldn't be the same. The production, the numbers, you know the accolades, it wouldn't be the same. And just the right fit, the right offense, the right quarterback, the right play calling, the right creativity and everything, the rest take care of itself. Oh no. He went to the Pro Bowl with Alex Smith now. No we didn't talk about this guy like we do now. Yeah. Until he got my homeboy. Let's be my power. And he was a phenomenal player. Yes. He got, I think he's going to 10 straight pro bowls.


You gotta be good to go to 10 straight. And there are times that he had had Ke had Kittle not had those all world season. He might have been another, he might have a couple of more. First team All Pros season. Look Brock Bowers had a historic season, but the 10 pro 10 consecutive pros for tight end. What he's been able to do, his body of work. When it's all said and done, I think right now it's just he and Gronk at the table having a discussion. I don't know boy, hey bro, we don't need to do we we don't need to discuss it among ourselves. We gonna let other people discuss it. I think it's them too.


I love them both. Watch them both. It's funny they both got the same number. Both played you, you'll probably say when it's all said and done on time. Yeah. They played with the two greatest quarterbacks of all time. That definitely, that definitely helps. But what he's been able to do, man, like I said, he's a, at this point in time, he doesn't have the legs that he wants. Had Very savvy. He's just a professional guy that knows how to get Open. Very savvy. Being able to read defenses. That's it. And the funny thing about it's it not only getting open, that's it is him and my home be on the same page. And knowing where to settle. Knowing where to settle. Knowing where to be at in, in, in every time. Man Never fit Ojo.


If you play Kansas City and you Yes sir. If you play a Steve Fola defense, the moment he feels threatened he's coming with the bomb blitz. He finna blow it up. Blow Up. The moment you threaten him, he coming. Hell I know that. How Chiefs don't know. I mean how, how, how Thetans don't know that bro. They gonna come. Yeah, if you threaten him, he's coming with the bls. He gonna blow it up. He'll throw caution to the wind. Damn that safety in the middle field. I'm coming to get you seven Sacks. They sacked him seven times.


What? They had seven sacks in the fourth quarter. Three by George Col. No, Kaus, Kaus. Kaus. Yeah. Yeah. He hey they got after them CJ was back. CJ was causing, look, they, they did a great job. I think, you know what, Altus got it early. When he track He kind of tweak that ankle Tweak a little bit. Yeah. But the thing is with Kansas City, you know this ocho you and I thought Texas did a good job. They didn't turn the ball over. I thought Joe Mixon ran the ball well enough. Yeah, but they're gonna have to get better on the offensive line. That that's, that's that that's, that's the next thing they do Now Ojo, they got Look Tank Dale Tank Dale's gonna miss some time.


Ojo, you gonna miss some time. I wouldn't count on him coming back next year early. I don't know what they're gonna do with Stefan Diggs if he's gonna take, I I don't think, no, you know, nobody's gonna give him that $30 million coming off an ACL injury. So he might have to take a one year deal. I don't know if he wants to for it to be there. I would look at staying there 'cause I got a really good quarterback. I got Nico Collins on one side. I like Dalton shows at the tight end. Bro. That's a bull drive job that you did on that pass blocking. I ain't say, hey, look at bro. I ain't saying you gotta be Mark Bavaro. Yeah. Or bro or George Kittle. But bro you can't do that. Or Gule, that's some bull jive. Two guys should be able to block.


Yeah. Or run it back at a tight end. Should be able to block a defensive man. Two guys should be able to, unless his Reggie or one of these all world lt, something like that ain't no way. That should Yeah, that was, that was, that's some half, that's some half Part of that. So you know what, what else? Watching the game that kicked me off. Obviously, you know, a lot of chirping obviously from some prominent figures in the NFL that are part of the NFL in general. Talking about some of the calls that were made in, in, in favor of the Chiefs. We hear this all the time, especially around the postseason time. Sometimes regular season as well, it seems Calls Yeah. Are always co convenient when it matters most for them to give them whatever it may be, you know, and Right.


One of the things that bothered me, that's starting to bother me just a little bit. I love Mahomes. I love everything they're doing. Just that. Mahomes is intentionally playing with defenders to draw some of these, draw some of these. Oh. Oh, he slowed down and the guy pushed him like, bro, you still in bound? And then he went limp. He went, he yeah, he went limp on the mojo. He doing no purpose. That's I'm get your Outta bow. And it is forcing the ref to throw flags and they get, the ref is starting to get a little a, a little jumpy. So every time, but Mahomes is playing around, he's doing it purposely because he's taking advantage of the rules and knowing that he could take advantage of it. And he flopping sometimes.


Oh yeah. He And the late slide, that was a late slide. I don't know what the guy what, because he, he got last second he go down, he doing it on purpose. I don't know what you want me to do. I've already committed. He Doing it on purpose because he knows I Committed to lightning his Ass up. Can take, he can take advantage of, of the rules. So why not? Now I'm, I'm not sure it's probably too late now, but at some point next year, the competition committee or whoever, whoever the powers may be, they need imp implement a rule. Never. Yeah. They gonna Protect. Now when it comes to that quarterback, they gonna protect a the rule. They, this is what was told to me. When in doubt, if it's a quarterback, throw the flag. Right. I don't care if you get it wrong, we will not hold that against you when in doubt.


Right. I mean he, listen Quarterback Had the chat. The chat. If y'all watched the game today, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Now I'm not, I'm not saying wrong and I'm not saying nothing bad. You know, the chiefs are great. Yes. You know that he do. Patrick Mahome one of the best ever, but I'm just, he taken advantage of the rules. Ojo a little bit. Just just a little bit. Yes sir. Ocho, can I ask you a question? We heard the same thing right? When Tom Brady and the Patriots were d winning It was the referee. Yeah. They heard the same thing. OCHO and we saw Tom Brady get a call. Chris Jones hit the man in the shoulder pad. Yeah. They said he hit the man in the head. He didn't touch his head. Yeah. There are a lot of phantom calls.


It happens. They called A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A penalty tonight. Oh, Montgomery. Oh, he had, I mean he didn't touch Montgomery's face man. Then you know what, and He had his shoulder pad. Yeah. But to, because His head, We see it in slow motion and Andrex was seeing it in in, in in real time. Yes. So it's bad. It looked fast In real time. And it looks like his head, his head does this and it looked like Right. Oh, he grabbed his face back. Right. That man ain't touched that man's face mask. And you throw that, you shouldn't be allowed to say face or mask the rest Of of year. But, and, and I think the biggest call what got him Yeah. Is that when Mahomes overthrew Kelsey and Will Anderson hit him in the chest And they, they they couldn't and they thought he Him in his chin.


He Didn't, he couldn't reverse it. You talking about, and hey listen, Mahome sold it now. He he sold it, stole it. Yes. They good because when, what would Brady do every time they would hit Brady somewhat late he turn looking at the official That's what the quarterback Right, right, right, Right. You you're not gonna do anything about that. But A Look at, look at a how many times you ever saw the official come to the sideline and talk to any other player? Like the official went to the sideline and talked to Josh Allen. Right. I ain't never seen, I had never seen an official come to the sideline and talk to a player, say, look, because he could've threw a flag.


All that yelling. They threw a flag on Tom Brady one time. But Tom was probably MF them. Yeah. Normally they throw, normally they throw a flag on you. You know, you keep yelling, telling, you know, I've Seen, I've seen it a few times. I've seen it with Brady. Stop yelling. Obviously I've seen it with Josh Allen and in basketball I saw with Michael Jordan. Yeah. So that's the thing. Oh Joe, the Texas are the first team in NFL postseason history to out gain an opponent by a hundred yards, have zero turnovers and lose. Prior to today, teams were 49 and oh in such games, Special and boys, special man and boys special.


They just know how to win. And there's an expectation. When you been in this situation, you got to beat them how many times did it's normally not a convincing, you gotta beat you had to beat Tom Convincingly. Yeah. You had to beat him. You the only thing you don't want to have happen. You didn't want Tom to have the ball with a chance to beat your ass late in the ball game. You want a, you want to be taking a knee because it's the same thing with home. You don't want him to have the ball late with the ball in his hand. And I, I will say this about the chiefs ocho, you get the ball to start your offense on the 13 yard line and you kick the field goal next week you're going home.


You do that again. You do that against Buffalo or, or or Baltimore. You're going home. You're going home. They got the ball again and they settle up for another field goal. Now I don't know what they, I don't know what the Texas gonna do with their kicker. Yeah. I but there's a good chance they gonna probably be on the market for another one. Listen, you heard what I said? I dunno what they gonna do with the motel if they need a kicker. I'm right here. I mean, Right. That first kick wasn't close. Why Are we like, what are we doing? Yes. And the game and the game game like that where, And then he point ocho, do you know how deflating that is?


Ocho Now we about to tie the game up and I look like, yeah bro, hey nice run. Hey nice run Joe. Nice run mix. Hey, wanna put him in the blender mix, blah, blah, blah. And then you like, oh yeah, about to tie this thing up. Listen, Take the win right out your sail. Aw man. Damn The win right out your sales. Yeah man. I mean, you try to pull, you try to pull up a product. That's okay. That's okay. We good? No bro, we are behind. If we, if they don't do anything else, we don't do anything else. We lose. Oh man. Bojo, there's been a lot said about the refs. The refs favoring the chief. The Texans spoke about it after the game.


Let's take a listen to what CJ had to say first. Yeah. You know, those things are tough. You know, I'm, I'm not gonna go back and forth on what I thought was a call, what I thought wasn't a call, you know, and you know, it's one of those things you kind of know what's up before you even walk in the arena and we gotta be better and just being accountable and sound and, you know, some things, you know, I think we, we had a couple calls that weren't called that I'm begging for, but at the same time, it is what it is. You know, like, I can't argue with the ref and at the same time play football, I gotta go and do my job. So yeah, I I would say, you know, it's definitely some things that I would question, but at the same time, I mean they're the professionals. They're getting paid to be refs and you know, they did ultimately their best and Yeah.


But you know, that's kind of thing, you know, it starts against the world, you know, when you're playing in these type of environments. I Got a question. I got a question. Oh, If everybody keeps saying the same thing every year, listen, go ahead. Every regular season, every postseason when it comes to the chiefs questionable calls, calls that are always convenient and it seems they always side for the teeth. At what point are the people, right? And there's not an excuse made every single time. If someone's always saying the same thing all the time, you know, if, if there, if there's smoke, there's fire. If there's smoke, there's fire somewhere. Everybody can't be wrong about it. The coaches say it, the fans say it.


Sometimes the people in the chat might say it. The people that don't agree are the people that are actually Chiefs fans. You know. But I'm, I I'm just saying I'm, I I don't have a horse in this race. I'm just saying I see questionable things that happen at times that favor the chiefs. Did you see question because with Kobe? Yes sir. Did you see question? Because with Michael Jordan. Oh, so, oh, So you, okay, So you know what it is. You saw question because with Brady too, did I just wanna, I just wanna make sure we on the same page, It's, Hey, Okay, Yeah, it's gonna happen. Let's take a listen at what Joe Mixon had to say. Everybody know how it is playing up here?


You can't, you can never leave. You can never leave it into the ref's hands. But I mean the whole world. See man, like what it is, bro. But it is what it is. You know, like I said, when it come down, So you can't never leave it into the ref's hands, man and things like that. But it's all good though. Vic Lombardi, I know Vic, he writes outta Denver. He said, yeah, I'm done. See, Mahomes can't get separate rules. Vic. Okay, okay, Vic. He, he's he from, from Denver. Listen, every, everybody can't be blind to the fact now, not everybody, the players say the coach say it. People from the outside that are prominent figures, like I said earlier in the NFL that have been watching the game for a very long time and they can see it now.


I see it sometimes as a former player, occasionally, not often, but most of the time. But they do get calls. The calls are warranted when I see it in slow motion. Okay. You know what the fans might say, that's some bull drive, right? But as a fan, I mean actually as a player and a fan of the game now, okay, that was warranted. That's really a call now. Yeah, I feel, but I thought Joe, but we see, we, you and I, we discuss it every week, bro. I mean the guy laying on the quarterback personal file wrong. I'm like, what the, so what you want me to do? You want me to lay this mofo down? Hold on now. You know, sometimes I'm not fitting put In bed d tackles that. Not only do they attack you when they take you to the ground, you know they putting all their weight on you too.


Now. Oh, oh, hands. I see guys trying like, they try to like, right? So like I ain't trying to drop my weight on him and they still throw the flag Every time They're gonna protect the quarterback, Chad. I get it. And I get frustrated too. 'cause sometimes I see it, I'm like, bro, that's not a penalty. I mean, you gotta let the guys play at some point in time. But they have been told if there's any doubt in your mind and it's on that guy. Yeah. Throw The flag. Yeah. Hey, you know what's funny? Throw the flag is even without the damn goddamn calls in favor of the chiefs, they would still be winning these games.


The calls. They will still be winning the game because yes, when it matters most and 15 has the ball in his hands, he's going to make it happen In 99.9% of the time,


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Lets have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's Up everybody? I'd na Ard tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's n Challenge scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


Commander's win has a commander's win, has a current and former cowboy. Great going at it on Twitter. Dan tweeted first Dan Quinn. Do what? What Dan Quentin is doing in Washington. Jerry, everybody needs to go including them. I knew Washington was going to be successful because of dq de Why you keep saying Jerry? Jerry had an opportunity to hire Dan Quinn and he kept Mike McCarthy. So when are you going? I understand you have a great, Hey, I understand your relationship with Jerry, but where you gonna put this in Jerry feet? Because that guy didn't take the job because he thought he was going to get the job. And then once, once it became abundantly clear, Jerry was going to drag his feet, he took another job.


What you want that man to do? I ain't Finn to be no damn coach and waiting for the rest of my life. Keep passing over opportunity and after opportunity while Jerry swing his feet. Hell nah. Trey, Jerry this from now on, I'll speak truth about my cowboy. Wordss, good or bad, Jerry has built a great brand. That's all he is done brand. And now it's time for the team to start winning. It is time for a real cultureship. I'm filled with all this nepotism. Get someone in there who can win games. Hold on, wait a minute, hold on. Talking about what you mean. That's what they are brand. That's what this is. What, what you mean to start winning culture. You can't have culture dance Bryant. Yeah, when your owner, you gotta doing what He, you know what culture starts at? You know what? Oh, you know what? Culture starts at that.


That star from the top culture don't star from the coach culture star from the top. And it and it. Oh, Hold on o before you go Father Michael, far responded. Stop the I irritates me Des because you had enough. You had enough. He spell, he put a T in front of. But I know what he meant. You had enough talent and was probably one of the greatest in your time. You could have changed the culture brother. You could have changed the culture. Wait, wait a minute now wait, now Micah got my Michael Parson. What does the front office have to do with players' action and players be responsible for their actions?


Dead shot back. I had to double back because you really said I could have changed the culture. Culture emphasize that. And if you don't know, I was never on a yes ma'am. Political ass kicking, kissing ish. I sacrificed myself. So a lot of you could do what you do. I'm on some ish way deeper than football. You really too young to understand. You realize that soon you need to do more people like don't give a f for the better of of the athletes. The way I talked to Jerry with what the way versus the way you talk to Jerry is totally different on there that it sink in Down Oh oh, oh, oh. That what you say? You say you like that.


Hey, I like that you told me you like I like that. I like that. See Don't what you Talking. Now if we can get, now, if we can get all the players, even the active players, to start talking their truth. But Des always been des since they one. Now Des ain't never changed. Des ain't never conformed, Des was never pc. So what you're hearing from here now is nothing new. That's always been him. I don't believe, I don't believe you could have a culture as long as Jerry's the owner. Because what what happens is you need one voice that need, that voice needs to emanate from the coach. If I can circumvent anything that the coach, any authority the coach have by going to his superior, right?


How does the coach let, how does the coach lay a foundation to establish sex culture? The thing that they know in New England? Ain't nobody going to Bob Kraft, Mr. Craft. Right? And circum anything. Coach Belichick. I had a great relationship with Mr. Bowling man, I wish I would've took my happy black ass upstairs and said Mr. B, lemme tell you what Mike talking about. He look at me like, Sharpie, what you want me to do? Nothing. Don't tell him I came up here to your office to tell you. Yeah. Okay, Let's start with, right, let's start with that. Let's keep this between us. The thing was is that when you have one voice now, now that takes a lot.


Well where is this coming from? Who is this coming from? See, you heard the thing Ocho, the problem that they have in Cowboys, they know when Mike McCarthy stand in front of them. That's Jerry's talking. He's moving his mouth. Yeah, but that, but Jerry is Ja, you know he's Jape McCarthy. No. Yeah. The difference is that's him. When Mike Shanahan stood up there and talked, that was Mike. But also he gave us the remember. Nah bro, we we not gonna do that. What's your weight? Okay. Right. Bring your ass in beat, make weight. Hey, I'm there guy. Hey, go get on the bike. It ain't for two pounds. Go get on the bike for 10 minutes.


Hey you good. You gonna be able to drop that bro? Bro, get in the, So you get in the hot tub. Hey, yes, yes, yes bro. That's our responsibility, bro. Clean up the Come on bro. How you hair? The hair? The laundry basket right there. You gonna throw the towel on the floor, bro? Really? That's what you gonna do. You can't get your, I mean, in the tower right there by you and you just leave the tower in, in front of your locker. You leave the tower, bro. Come on now, bro. Clean. Mike gave us the authority to police the locker room. We had established the culture that I had adopted from the older guys, from the Dennis Smith and the Steve Atwater and the The Max and the John, right?


And hopefully that my job was to try to pass that on. That's what you gotta have. Ojo the guy that when you see Ray and the way you conduct yourself and he's watching the way Woody and how we do things, myself and Rod. Hopefully he passed that along and the culture was established. And so now you get a ed reading, you got a s and you got guys like that. That's what you play like a Raven. They're never gonna have that because Jerry won't allow it. Jerry won't allow it. I mean, a lot of things transpire. Hold on. There are a lot of things that happened once I left.


I mean, once I leave Ocho I, I just try to do right. Try to put the guys in the best situations as I possibly could to be successful. But there's a lot of things going on. A lot of dealings that I wouldn't have tolerated. Yeah. I said, guys, we gotta be professional and all that other stuff. That's, that's the kind of stuff that, to tear the fabric from a locker room. You know that somebody's people and then you trying to go behind their back and you trying to do No, no, no, no. That ain't how we do stuff right here. We, I, we, I don't go for that. And I'm just trying to figure out why you trying to do that? Why you mad at him about trying to see some girl and you married? Well that, how did that look? That's weird. I, I'm, yeah, I'm confused. I, I'm like, bro, I, yeah, I, I'm trying, I I'm talking just like I've told you.


I said, bro, lemme ask you a question. How you mad at him? Talking about that's your girl that's real, real married with three kids. That's a good story. Look here, bro. That's a good coach. Lemme tell you. I kept the peace, my job, my job was not only to play locker room. My job was to keep the peace and keep stuff like that. Yeah. And that ain't got nothing to do with football. Tear room apart. Ain't got nothing to do with football. We gonna keep football, football, man. That's what we going to do, bro. Your wife get wind of this right here. 'cause you know, 'cause at the end of the day he going to get mad at you. You doing things to try to salt him up.


He go tell your wife. Yeah. Now what? Now you, y'all you gonna want to fight? Why you fighting a man that's single about seeing somebody you married and you trying to get at her? Come on bro. It don't work like that. You get one, you get one, you get your wife, you get your main one. You can't put, you can't take three or four off the shelf and put 'em in the back. You know, like foot Locker on your, you got a boy working the eight, put a pair of shoes in the back for me. No, you get one, you get to put one on the shelf and everybody stay away from other than that, it's fair game. It's fair game. So you not finna hide four, five pair of shoes.


We gonna sell, we selling them shoes, bro. I just, I'm gonna keep it one file with y'all. Yes sir. But that was, but see that's the, that's the job of a leader is to keep the piece in the locker room because there are a lot of things that can eat at the fabric of a locker room that ain't got nothing to do with football. Right. It ain't got nothing to do with money. Hey, we'll keep money out of this. Look, all that gambling look like, like Mike said, like rookies, we didn't really let a whole lot of rookie losing gamble because first of all, y'all ain't got that kinda money and, and you Right. And we can't have Mike saying, look, I can't have y'all out there. Y'all owe, y'all owe 84 $20,000 and you thinking about that. Oh yeah. So look, no, no.


Come on guys. But that, that, that culture thing is true. People don't realize it. People don't realize how valuable culture is in a locker room until you don't have that veteran leadership in there. Right. And you get guys running amuck, doing all kind of things and then you're like, well damn, I realized that Sharp had more value. He was valuable. And I'm not talking about just on the field because what Mike didn't realize until I left a lot of things that I snuffed out. Right. Never made it to him. He didn't know ish about it. Right. But that's what veterans do. That's what leaders do. You come together, you say, Hey bro, what's really going on? What's the problem?


Okay, you got a problem at home? Okay, how can we help? What's going on? What what, I mean, what does she think you doing bro? You cannot, you cannot go out and come in at three, four in the morning. What homeboy you got? What? So what you telling her? You can't tell her I'm out? Hell because I don't even go out my own homeboy and come in at three, four in the morning. Morning. I used to tell Bucket, I used to tell Bucket all the time. Right. Nah bro, you not finna mess up my home. Hey, my homeboy in town, can y'all, Hey, yeah. Sharp up. Hey, come on, bucket. Right. You not finna mess up my home got me coming because you wanna come in at three, four in the morning. Oh, hell nah. No bro, you can't do that.


I'm not gonna tell you you grown ass, man. But I'm tell I'm not gonna tell you what you can and what I'm gonna tell you what you shouldn't do. I can't tell you, you what you can do because you're grown. But I'm gonna tell you what you shouldn't do. And if you want peace, if you want, because at some point in time, Mike going to wonder why your play slipping, why you seem distracted, why you keep busting assignments, why you not where you're supposed to be. And then eventually a Mike Shannon had cut you. I tell, I ain't telling you that. Oh, Michael, Michael eat right. 5 million, $6 million, he will cut your ass. So I just wanna know what you, how you, how you wanna play this thing, man.


Sharp man. Hey, I appreciate that bro. I appre I I I appreciate you coming to me, but I can't keep Mike off your ass and you keep making these kind of mistakes. 'cause I can only lie so much The Volume.


You are a startup founder. Finding product market fit is probably your number one priority. But to land bigger customers, you also need security compliance. Obtaining your SOC two or ISO 27 0 1 certification can open those big doors, but they take time and energy pulling you away from building and shipping. That's where Vanta comes in. Vanta is the all-in compliance solution, helping startups get audit ready and build a strong security foundation quickly and painlessly. Vanta automates the manual security tasks that slow you down, helping you streamline your audit. The platform connects you with trusted experts to build your program, auditors to get you through audits quickly and a marketplace for essentials like pen testing. So whether you're closing your first deal or gearing up for growth, Vanta makes compliance easy. Join over 8,000 companies, including Y Combinator and Techstar startups who trust Vanta. For a limited time, get a thousand dollars off Vanta at vanta.com/simplify. That's VA nta.com/simplify for $1,000 off.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin. Type on a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.