
On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start, only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here, And you can now get almost anything you need for your Sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless Skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long-lasting results. Cleanse, treat moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit J lo beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe. To get that JLo


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start it together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC. The Volume,


the NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and draw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. DraftKings Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player props and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers new draft King customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Oh, Joe, yo Phoenix. Sun fired Boin holds him. Yeah, the Suns became the third team in the NBA history to start the Season eight one or better and missed the playoffs. Mm. They joined the 1970 Detroit Pistons and the 2000 1 0 2 Milwaukee Bucks. KD is looking to leave the Suns OCHO who should be held accountable for the son's failures. But You, you look at, before KD got there were the sons playing. Well, were they failing before KD got there? Probably got there what day they was in the NBA then the NBA finals.


NBA finals win. They lost to, in 21 they lost to the bucks and in the NBA finals. And then they lost in the what? They beat the clippers one year without the year they went to the finals. The next year they beat the Lakers and then, then they lose two the sons. I mean the, the nuggets They were, They lost to Luca, To Dallas. They was the number one seed that ended up losing to Luca. I, I you, you, You know it when when it comes down to it, I'm assuming you can, some of the blame does go, go on the players, some of the blame go on Kevin Durant.


I'm not sure how much of it you can put on one individual player when collectively, obviously there is a group of five that have to play and have to gel together. You think, obviously when you have these super team for Bradley deal and Devin Booker and Kevin Durant coming together, you expect the results, obviously showing the court, obviously the maturation, it didn't work. The relationship between him and Boin, how do you say it? Coach's name Boo noser Brunos, her obvi. Obviously things didn't work, especially the way it started out. It started out really good. Obviously eight and won. But, You know, not making the playoffs or playing for that matter. I mean, it's, it's, it, it is horrible. Everybody has to be held accountable. Obviously. Most of the, most of the, the criticism and the critiquing, we'll go to the superstar players, especially one of the greatest scorers of all time.


So I guess he can, he can, he can, he can he can take that criticism. Obviously them not making the playoffs. He's, he's a, he would be a part of the problem if he wasn't part of the goddamn solution for that Matter. I mean, this is the fourth coach in four years. They fired Marty Williams. They fired who? The Lakers coach. Vogel. Vogel Vogel. They fired bud. They fired Bud. Yeah. They about to be on their fourth coaches now. Bud got three more years at 10 million. Vogel had had several years at, at like 8 million. And I know my, my is has a, has tons of money.


But you gotta you gotta stay the course a little longer than a year. Yeah, But that's the problem When it comes to you gotta When when it comes to owners, obviously in life, in life, the way they fix things, most of the time when you, when you see a pattern like this, when you keep firing coach after coach after coach after coach it, sometimes you just throw money at it and you think it fixed the problem. That's how it works, works in the business world. When it comes to the sports world. You throw your money at it and then you allow it time to manifest. Let it marinate for a little bit until it can jail. Until it all works out. I believe. All all, I think the only player that's gonna be there is Devin Booker.


Yeah. He's the player that started there. I think kds gonna be gone. Bradley Bill's gonna be gone. They now, Bradley Bill's a little bit more tougher than KD for the simple fact. Bradley Bill has a no trade clause. So he has to, he has to sign off on where you're going to send it. Yeah. Kd You know, they're gonna be a lot of teams, but you gotta replace what you gave up. Yeah. You gave up a bunch of first round picks and players. Well, You, you, you're saying replace, you won't, you will never get the value of what you got for Katie. But you can't get something. Yeah, well you gotta get you, well you gotta refill the conference up. You gotta get draft capital back. Right.


It's tough, man. It's tough because KD played for now, he came half the year with Monty. They fired Monty after the season. Yeah. Hired Vogel. Fired Vogel hired Zer fired him. Now they're about to be on their fourth coach, but KD won't be there up under him. I think book stays. I think book is the only piece that stays. They're gonna try to move, but that's what happens. People just think it's more to building a team than putting three guys that can put the ball in the basket. Right. And that's what everybody say. Just oh, oh, kd. Oh, book man. KD gonna give you 27 book gonna give you 27 Bradley Bill gonna give you 27. Okay, that's fine. Well, and good until they don't do that.


Eh? Because they don't fit. The pieces don't fit Ojo. Right. And You know, when you think about it, obviously young, you, you, you say those names, you say those names and understanding what they can do, You know, being able to score at all three levels. Put the ball on the floor, catch and shoot, pop, shoot, whatever it may be. I'm thinking, well, hell man, they finna be boy, they gonna be, they gonna be animals. Yeah. It, it'll be the same thing. They gonna be animals. If you put Chase, Jefferson, and Tyreek all on the same team, you got one ball. Hey, One ball. Yeah. Hey, listen, just the thought of that. Yeah, Just the thought of that. Strike up the band And see you look at the Patriots, the pieces always fit.


One guy got a, got a lot of mostly the catches and then everybody fit in after that. Right. But you get kd who's, who's KD either MVP finals, MVP, four times scoring Champ. Right. Okay. He really doesn't need the ball. Bradley, bill and Booker, they need the ball. But what they needed, see, they put, they shifted a book to the point he can play it, but books a two. He don't need to be initiating, no offense, if you look at book, he had his best years. He had CP three. CP three was a facilitator. Right. CP three knew how to get everybody where they wanted the ball, where they needed the ball to be the most impactful. Right. But when you have all this, you got $150 million in payroll with three guys.


Ocho, something gotta go. Yeah. You Got, you got, Hey, you got this big fancy house. You buy a big fancy house and you on a budget. Well, guess what? Be like, OSHA sharp ain't had nothing but a TV in, in the bed, in the bedroom, come to the house. Age you, you'll be sitting on the floor like Indian style. That's all I got for you. That's what I had. That's, that's all I had. I overextended myself. I got a house that was outside of my budget. Right. So it wasn't no sense in me going more over budget and putting furniture, a whole bunch of furniture in there. I got a bed and I got a tv. That's it. Lemme tell you how long ago this bed Ocho, I know you didn't know this, but Mitsubishi used to make TVs.


I remember that. I had a Mitsubishi unc Yeah, Sure did. Yeah. Mitsubishi. Yep. I ain't heard that in a long time either. Oh, it, it was a, it was a tube. It was a tube tv. You know, I ain't have, I ain't had the money put no, You know Yeah. TV that went on the wall with 10, 15, $20,000 back. I said, oh no, put this thing up on a put this thing up on the chair. I can see. Yep. Because You know, we growing it, we put it on a chair phone. But you had a little TV or you had the big home model that called the models. Yeah, we put, we put our TVs obviously at, at at grandma place. We had the crates. Remember the crates?


The crate milk? Yeah. Milk crate. Yeah. Egg crate milk crates. Yeah. Yeah. We put, we, we put all, we put all right on the crate. Oh, you had a floor model tv ocho. Yeah. Floor model tv. Oh, that was build picture big. Yeah, but they have no sound. The little one had the sound. See how we do that Ocho See how we did that right there? Get us on one more flow. Model tv. Y'all remember Sony Sylvania Xena. That was the big flow model. Hey, Xena. Hey. My, my grandma had the big zenith RCA a remember with the RCA A with the megaphone with the dog. Yeah. Hey, that's bad. Hold on. I bet you remember the satellites though, the big satellites in in your yard. Yard. Yes. Yes. Big. Yeah. My granddaddy had one of the big old satellites. Man.


Yes. I, I remember that light yesterday. Oh, that's so bad. But it just, because every, I mean, if you go back and look at the beginning of the year, the, the, the sons were 20 to one odds to win the NBA title. They had better odds than everybody damn near everybody except probably Boston. Boston. Yeah. Oh, that's crazy. Mm. It it's, it's just, it's, it's a, it's a bad, it's a, it's, I don't know, but where, where does, where does KD go? Miami? You know, I'm always, You know, I'm always say Miami. Now, obviously they're gonna have to give Where where y'all gonna give up to get him? I don't know. That's not my, that that's of the Pat rally.


Mickey Eon. I'm, I'm not sure what that looks like, but as long as we keep ba we gonna be all right. I think. And finding some other pieces that we can get from somewhere else. We got, we gotta have some. But I'm just, I think it would be great. It would be a great place. I think KD might have a house down here. I'm not sure. I've seen him down here in numerous times. Man, You got, they got money. You got a house everywhere. Yeah. But hey, hey, listen. I He do Craig, he do it quite well for himself. Yeah. Yeah. I, I just, I just listen, I, I we need a star. We need to do what the Lakers do. Always find a way to pull one out our I'm getting ready to curse. I'm not gonna curse. Pull one out our hat. We need to do that. Yeah. Pat Riley needs to do that. Just to get, just if, have you seen attendance at the games uncle?


It's not, it's not what it, it's not what it should be. First of all, they don't come to, they don't come till late anyway. Yeah. Y'all don't be there to talk. I look, I done been to Miami Heat Games. I went for the championship game. Yeah. And, and at the start of the game, I'm like, well, damn, do y'all really know this is the NBA finals? Yeah. Yeah. You right. You right. You right. And remember they was leaving in that game six before Ray hit the shot. Yeah. Hell happened. And Rita had empty. Yeah. And they tried to come running back in, Tried to come back in. Nah. No. That ain't gonna happen. I'm trying to say, I, I'm, first of all, they're only handful of teams that have the draft capital that they're gonna need to get kd. Right. And the question is, are they willing to break it up? Kc What team has the capital?


Who, OKC Thunder. They got like 13 first round picks. Who? Hey, can you imagine, can you imagine SGA and Kevin Durant? Yeah. We said the same thing about Devin Booker and Kevin Dur Durant. Okay. I see. They, there you go. We said That. Go, We, we said the same thing about James Harden and Joel and Bead. Right. Can you imagine, now James Harden has found the fountain of Youth. He's playing. He looked like the James Harden the bowl. Yes. Daddy does. Why he Kawhi has got those knees healthy. He looks phenomenal. I just, I don't think Katie doesn't strike me as a guy that, that, that, that lived with regret or looks back on.


But probably, maybe a better move would probably been going to the Knicks. Hey. Like, he should have done the first time instead of, instead of going to Brooklyn. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Maybe going to the Knicks from the jump. I don't know. Oh, okay. Okay. Knicks too late. Might They might. It's too late now. Right? They might be an option. I don't, I don't know. I'm just saying, instead of going to Brooklyn. Right. Maybe go to the, go to the Knicks. Maybe things would've been different. Different. We'll never know. We'll never know. We just know this has gone horribly wrong. This is, there's no way around it. Look, we don't have to blame anybody, but we can say this unequivocally. This was terrible.


Yeah, it was. It was Thunder. Phil Dylan Jones car with packing peanuts because he failed his rookie duties. Keeping the team speaker charged. Ocho check out the video. Yo Dylan. Yeah. Speaker. The speaker charge. What is that? That came outta there. Huh? You see that speaker charge packing peanuts? You know, like when you go to UPS store, stuff like that.


FedEx. And they got the, Hey, do your Rookie duties. Your duties, bro. Hold on. He, he Better, he better have a, a, a service crew. Come detail and get that outta there. Better be glad they didn't put that. I ain't Better be glad they didn't put that popcorn. Put popcorn in there. Yo. You know, they used to put popcorn in there. Hey, that boy, that's gonna mess up your, I'm not sure what type of interior he would've had if they had put popcorn. Listen, the little styrofoam thing. That's cool. Yeah. That's not bad. That's not hard to get out. Obviously.


It's, it's, it's gonna be a pain. He's not gonna do it himself, obviously. But still. Oh man, UNC, they, they got me by accident. Didn't know my windows were down when I was a rookie with the Bengals. I can't, I don't know who did it still to this day. But they took the firework extinguisher and they, they did let it in there. Whole part on the outside. Not realizing my windows was down. 'cause it was nighttime. They had snuck out the, they had snuck out the, I forgot where, where we were at. We were in Kentucky at training camp. Training camp. And they snuck outside and sprayed my whole carb. Didn't realize my windows was down. My whole inside. They had the I 300. The little Lexus.


Yeah. With the suede interior. Yeah. Gone. They done, they done messed up. They done messed up. All interior man. Messing around with the fire extinguisher. Yeah. Oh, they get you. They take them rookie duty. Serious. Yeah. Very, very, very, very, very Serious. Donut nuts. Breakfast sandwich chicken to the plane. Yeah. When it's time to leave when you travel. Yeah. Don't forget that Popeye's, the lineman. I never forget. Don't forget that. Popeye's. Popeye's. Hey. They send you all, they send you all over the damn place. Got you. Bringing ribs and sweating up, sweating, soup, hanging off. Hey, I don't think you'll make that mistake again, but it's almost over.


Yeah, it's almost over. You only got like another month and a half or until you run into the Lakers. They seem to be over with. That'd be the end of that. Colorado is retiring. Shado number two and Travis Hunters number 12. The school announced number two and 12 will officially be untouchable. The haters are out in full force. Many pointed out that Florida has an even tired Tebow. And he won two national championships. And a Heisman. I played with 15 at Texas Tech Nine at LSU. Two of the most historic quarterbacks in college football. And neither had their jersey retire by See you basing what somebody else got based on what somebody else didn't get.


Gets you in trouble every time. All the time. Get you in trouble every time. I can't worry about who jerk. Hey, I did what I did. Savannah State was tall enough of me. They retired my jersey. I'm humble, I'm honored. But if they had, what was I gonna do? I mean, I'm just trying to figure out, okay. I don't, I But why, who cares ocho. Right? Right. I mean, listen, they decided to retire, You know, traffic What LSU does At LSU. Yeah. What Florida does at Florida. Hell, how did that impact Colorado?


It doesn't, it doesn't at all. But I know one thing when you thinking about schools like LSU, think about schools like Florida. Well, more so LSU and that matter. Yeah. Didn't, if they get to retire in Jerseys, they run outta jerseys. They wouldn't have no jerseys. They wouldn't have, they ain't gonna have no jerseys. Yes. When you think about it. Yes. Yes. I mean, I can, I understand. You know, Savannah State only have had a handful. You know, even in Grambling, all the great players just came outta Grambling. You come on man. Some good ones. It's so funny. A southern, because You know, back in the day, that's where all the black players came from because came from, they were no integrated. They went before they were integrated. Right. You had to go get a guy from black college football if that's what you, but I was like, bro, come, Eh, it, it is what it is.


Again, I I I will always say it and I will always be my favorite line, which is why I never compare any, anything, anything, anything. Ever, ever. I've always been this way. I never compare myself to anyone. Yeah. Worry about what they doing. Worry about what they're gonna do. 'cause comparison is a thief of joy. If you live your life comparing to what other people have going on, boy you gonna always be sad. You ain't gonna be mad. 'cause they're gonna always, they're trying to always be someone doing better than you always, no matter what, focus on yourself. Put them blindness on like a horse in the Kentucky Derby. Right. And just you, that's shit. Right. One lane. Stay, stay outta other people lane. Well, You see, well, well see. Sometimes when you start looking and then when it doesn't go Okay.


That's how they feel about him over there. Right. Right. I don't know their, I don't know his situation over there. Right. Clearly they hold him in very high regards. Yes, sir. Just because they hold him in high regards. Oh. You automatically assume that they're supposed to hold you like that. No, baby. You don't have that relationship. It's different. It, it's very, it's very different. Very Different. Jerry said Zach Martin, I think he's gonna, he's gonna put Zach Martin in, in the Ring of Fame next year. Huh? Every For what? I mean there are a lot of, there are a lot of great Blue Cowboys. There are a lot of guys in the Hall of Fame.


Right. Bob Lilly, Randy White, Roger Staubach. It was more than a year before they got their number put up in the, in the stadium. Okay. That's Jerry's decision. That's somebody else's decision. Yeah. Somebody else might have to wait 5, 10, 15 years, You know, anything. Wanna come to jury now? You gotta take whatever you say with a grain of salt there. Right. Okay. Alabama ain't retired. Okay. I get it. Alabama. Alabama. I probably, I don't think of anybody number that I could think of off the top of my head. Retired at Alabama. They've had some great ones. Listen, Joe Namath. Yeah. They had Joe Namath, they had Bart Star, they had Derek Thomas.


They've had some unbelievable players. Come outta there and Hold on. And that's another school. Now you get to retire some of the greats that came outta Alabama and they won't have no football team or Jerseys UNC Notre Dame. That's, that's another school won. Have Ohio State, Michigan. What he gonna say? Oh, they ain't, he retired. Tom Brady, Jersey a at Michigan. And Yeah, come on now. But Tom, look, Tom was good, but Tom wasn't like, like Kebo or like Cam in college right now. You get to the NFL. I mean, you should, if anybody comes to New England and ask for that number, if they even ask to take a picture of it, you should cut 'em on the spot.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated Filmer. Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share A Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out, watching the game, or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and Bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squat. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people


Waiting for the best deals. Spring Black Friday savings are here. Shop early Access now@blinds.com and save big on new custom window treatments@blinds.com. Shopping online for custom window treatments doesn't mean sacrificing on service selection or style as the number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com has hundreds of options to fit any decor and budget. Choose from stylish roller or bamboo shades, blackout options and more. We even have motorized shades for your patio, DIY, or let our experts handle the heavy lifting blinds.com has you covered with free virtual consultations. We'll even send a pro to do the measure and install. Try before you buy with free samples delivered to your door. With over 25 million windows covered every orders backed with blinds, stock coms, 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com, spring black Friday early access now for up to 40% off with minimum purchase. Plus a free measure. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost when you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now. Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Ah, Some things like, You know, seven in Denver, 13 in Miami. 16 and 16 and 80. Yeah. In in San Fran. Come on. What we doing here? Ojo. Hold on. Hold on. 85 in Cincinnati. Come on now. Isaac. Curtis had that number. Yeah, that's my dog. Isaac. Curtis my dog. But listen, 85 resonates globally. I I understand. Yeah. It resonates globally. I that I but out. I know. I remember Isaac Curtis. That's why I, oh Yeah. I listen Isaac, I change the game. Now I know about, I, I watched film, I watched the, In downtown Freddie Brown. Oh man. What You know about downtown? Downtown? You from the crib, man. Yeah. Went to the U Yeah.


Eddie Brown from down here. Yeah. And plus now Oklahoma with all them Heisman Trophy winning quarterbacks. It what it is. E each school is different. Each school has a different criteria. My brother had his number two retired in South Carolina, but yeah. Hey, you have, I mean, he stopped retired. It, I don't know a whole lot of people that got that number. I think George Rogers, he won of the Heisman Trophy. I think George has his retired. I, I don't, I don't know if, I'm trying to think of anybody else.


I don't know if Avian Avian might have his, his number retired Clowning. Who? I know Joy. Okay. Walking the app. Okay. Yeah. See they ain't got a whole lot. Mm. Nobody. Well, I don't know, but no, like if, I mean, sometimes people, like when Deshaun went to Clemson, Steve Fuller award number four, that number was retired.


Deshaun reached out. They pulled, he, he gave him his blessing. Yes. Yeah. Same thing with, with Peyton. When he went to Denver, 18 was in Frank Puka had it reached out to his family. They said it'd be honored he ward, boom. Put it back. So classic. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What I, I don't know. Like I said, I don't, I promise you I'm gonna go upstairs and I'm gonna go to sleep with this time.


I'm, and don't, and later date time. And I don't, I don't need, I don't, I don't think about stuff like this Ojo. I don't get, I I mean, I don't know why people get mad at stuff like this. Right. No reason to. They, they are no meaning to at all. I mean Yeah, they're really, they're really, I mean they're really mad about this. Oh yeah. A absolutely, absolutely. Be be you. You know why, You know why? We don't need to get into why. But obviously the, again, comparing, well these players, we feel they were much greater at these institutions and these entities when they played. And every jury was not retired. But why do you deserve to have, why does it matter?


For one, you didn't like those individuals in the first place and the same people complaining, the same people that are complaining during season and in season and You ain't even going to school there. How do you complain about somebody else school when you ain't go there? There you go. Now I would like with them, You know, to give my number to somebody really good to make it look good. Put that two on Where they put, where they put that 84. No, you can't get 2, 2, 2 is no, that ain't happening. And I left. They retired. Number three. Me and my brother wore three in high school. You couldn't get that number either. So, but no two, no, that ain't happening. Why would you even want that? Mm, Listen.


If, if I was, if I was a youngster like coming up, coming in right now and You know, going to Savannah State, you might want to let me wear that too. I'm not gonna do it. Who? What you mean what you mean? You might want to not, what you talking about? No, man, listen. Not I make that too look better. The black, I mean, listen, you was that boy, but I'm just saying a young me coming up, going to Savannah State during this time right now, well, you might want to have me 'cause I'd be out there 40, 40 touchdowns in 39 games. How many? 40. But soon, that's back then I might get 60 with what I know now.


Yeah. Oh. What man? I, I think, man, if I like, hold on man, if nor after my rookie, I was like, man, nor would I know now if I could go back to college. I average 25 touchdowns a Caesar. Hey boy, This, it, it's, it's amazing. If only, if only we knew what we knew now and were able to play again. Like we were in our prime, our young, our younger days. Man, please Look. And plus I think didn't Mahome didn't Mahome, they got the stadium or something named after Mahomes at Texas Tech or something. They they were, they were, they were his, his para Adidas Mahomes. Right. Yeah. I mean, well that make, that makes sense.


I know no one can complain and say anything about anything regarding Mahomes. Yeah. I don't Who came Texas. They not better than Mahome boy. They, I don't know. I I don't know who came before him. Listen or after him listen. Was he the greatest? Listen, Unless you The Jesus of Nazareth. Yeah. Unless you the Jesus of Nazareth and you don't win the second play quarterback. Yeah. There will be no comparison. His logo is on the field. Ocho. Yeah. But I, I think they got a deal now with, they got a deal with Adidas. Right. Okay. Yeah. I was thinking probably, yeah, it's not a 10 year deal. Ocho Travis Hunter says he would quit football if he can't play both sides. He said. And the NFL team told him he had to focus on wide receiver a cornerback and not play both.


It would be game over for him. It is never, it is never playing football. It is never playing football again. Because I've been doing this my whole life and I love being on the football field. I feel like I can dominate on each side of the ball. So I really enjoy doing it. Listen, he's made it clear. He's made it abundantly clear. Yep. If a team is willing to draft him, you understand what he wants. He's voiced it many of times. He said it many of times. He has belief. Belief is something. That's what it all starts with. When it comes to playing any sport or doing anything in life. He believes he can do it. If You know you're going to draft him after he's already said what he said. Don't, don't, don't let there be any confusion.


Don't let there be any confusion. And he already told you what his wishes are. What he's always done. If you don't want, if you want a player that's gonna focus on one particular position, then draft one that can only focus on one particular position. Yeah. I thinkt I think team's gonna give him, I don't think he's gonna play both sides of the balls as much as he played it in college. No, Probably not. But I think they will grant him his wishes. Yeah. I think Think they'll give him opportunity. Absolutely. And they should. Yeah. They should. They should give an opportunity to play both sides of the ball and see how impactful he can be playing it. Oh, Joe Cam Ward basically confirms that he's going to be drafted by the Titans while playing Fortnite.


Chad, ask him, who's your top four running backs in the league right now? He said Tony Poller and Ty j Spears Ward is clearly about Team Titan. Yeah, That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. And look, they've canceled their workouts for the next 2, 3, 4 drop top prospects. Yeah. So They giveaway. They giveaway. Caleb Williams admits he cried after games this season. Losing in Chicago was brutal. I'll be honest with you, I've never lost this much. When I got home, I got in my bed, I just dropped tears. I was just so beat up mentally, spiritually.


Mm. He later said, I think the NFL game has become very friendly and I don't necessarily want to be friends because I want to keep that competitive advantage, don't you? Yeah. What you think? I mean, I, I liked it, man. We've seen, we've seen the cry in the stands after F-L-U-S-C game or a USC game on how much it meant to him. Obviously they, they, we won so much at USC. He was used to winning and now coming to a structured environment at the highest level with the one percenters, it's not as easy as it was in college. You're gonna have your ups and downs. Right now the difference is, what he has to understand is most of the wins are gonna be in his hands. He can be responsible for them winning all the time because he has the ball most of the time.


So it's based on him decision making and what he decides to do with the ball. Right now, with a coach like Ben Johnson and having DJ Moore and, and the rest of that group collectively, you can do some great things. 'cause I think Caleb Williams is special. I think he's special. I Do too. I agree with Jojo. Huh? I agree. Oh yeah. He's special with some of the things that he can do. You know, a as a quarterback, he's, he's very gifted and I think he has the right, right person and Ben Johnson and the rest of that staff to get the most out of, outta out him and the potential that he possesses. So I don't think there will be that many tears this coming season. That's a very, very, very difficult division that the Bears are in.


So, we'll, we'll, we'll see. We'll see what happens. Yes. Ocho the Dolphins are looking to trade. Jalen Ramsey, Chris Greer said he thinks it is time for them both to move on separately. Okay. I'm not, and I have no, I have no problem with that. And the only reason they wanna move on is 'cause of salary. They just wanna get that money off their books. They think they slick well what they should do if they knew what they were doing. And I love Jalen Ramsey. Jalen Ramsey to me is still a top five, top five corner in this NFL. Especially when it comes to playing man to man bump and run off, whatever it may be very, very adequate and still good at what he does.


I Think you should make a move to safety. I think, I think it would be dope, especially coming, going into the back end. I think the McCordy did it as well. The McCordy start out as corners and then as, as they got into their thirties, they went to the safety position. And I think it can be a very viable option on another team somewhere else playing the safety position. I, I don't know. Well, what, talk about what, what do you, what do you think Charles Woods? Rod Woodson? Yes. A Williams. Yes. All those were corn started out their corner and ended up eventually moving to safety. I mean, look, they signed Tyreek and it worked out for a while. But I don't know, I still, I'm still not believing that they potentially, they might move him or draft Knight Ocho.


He had 1 1 1 1. Dad. The angel. I it. But I think, I think Ocho I think it's the kind of the drama that comes along with Right, right, right, right, right. Understand With with Tyreek. Yeah. You drafted Mink of Fitzpatrick, you traded him. Yeah. Miami tonsil. You traded him. Yes Sir. You're looking to move on potentially with Jalen Ramsey. I mean Vince is one of the best safeties in the league. Tulsa's one of the best left tackles in the league. You can use both of 'em right now. You Could. Well, where did, where did Tulsa go? He's not in Houston no more now. He just went somewhere. I went to Washington. Oh. Ooh, That's a good one.


That's a good move. Yeah. That's a good move. Mm. I'm, I'm Mike Gki is now in, in, in, in, in Cincinnati. He's up there with Joey b catch passes. Yeah. Yeah. He, I I'm, I mean, I'm, I'm confused. I don't really know what, what the Dolphins are doing. I, I have no idea either. Because I also saw, I saw the quote earlier to the writeup about if a team came to us with two first round picks, we'll consider moving Tarek Hill. I saw that one. And then right after that I saw the Jalen Ramsey news as well. And so, okay.


I'm like, what, what are we doing? Are we trying to compete? Are we trying to do anything in the A FCE? So are we just trying to give it to Buffalo? Are we just trying to give it to Buffalo? Each and every, every, every year. So obviously what I see going on now is it's going to be years and years and years before we can rebuild. And I'm saying we, because I'm from Miami years and years before, we can rebuild and collectively get a team, whether it be through the draft, whether it be be through off season acquisitions that can compete with the Buffalo Bills. So obviously all over again. So it goes New England dominating the AFCs for a very long time. Now all of a sudden it's gonna be the Buffalo Bills. Buffalo dominating the AFCs for a very long time. When is it gonna be our turn?


And this is coming from a, a Dolphin fan since 1968. When is it gonna be our turn? It ain't gonna be our turn, but it's gonna be our turn this year. That's for damn sure. Nah, it, it sure ain't Still ain Not, not the way they moving. Yeah. I, I don't know. And, and You know, I think Terran Armad, didn't he just retire y'all tackle? He was injured last year. I think he just retired. And what's what's the other, what's the other left tackle? Oh, that's the one from the Cowboys. Oh, you talking about Tyron Smith? Yeah. He he's retiring too, ain't he? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He signed a, a, a ceremony contract I think tomorrow. Yeah. Okay. But I think Karen Armstead, I think he retired.


Oh man, that ain't good. It's not getting better. No getting, getting, it's not looking good for you guys. Ocho high school baseball player who peed an opponent's water jug is now facing 15 counts of battery, is then believed that the 15 players drank the p tainted water. This has led to real Rancho player to be reported to juvenile probation and parole with law enforcement officials believing there is cause to charge the boy with 15 counts of battery. One for each who drank the tainted water, the players facing charges saying it simply matters, bro. See now see, no, this is all that playing.


It's just the prank ocho, You know, kids being kids. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, the, the pranks have gotten very extensive, especially this day and age. Especially This don't playing people don't ocho people, don't everybody play the same play. I know you say, oh, you say it all the time. People don't play the same. They don't, They don't. Somebody see, Especially something like that. I, I can tell you right now, there's a good chance he don't look like us. Oh, absolutely not, not playing like that. There's certain type of, there's, there's certain things you can hear based on games that are being played and you can hear what the person did and You know, it's not us. You know that because we don't play like that. That's not the kind of plan we do. That's What see Ocho and people wonder why you don't play.


I, that's why I don't play because you see, because see, You know what I'm saying, Ocho Yeah. You do a little something, they go to the extreme. Right. Right. The best way to do that is just don't play. Right. And you don't have to worry about it. Right. Man, somebody get hurt Because I know, I know one thing about you, you don't play about that money. I don't care nobody about that money. He did that. Boy look here. But see, but, and see it'd been easy back then. 'cause when I was growing up, right. Guys drank behind each other all the time. Right, right, right. It ain't like it is now. Everybody got their own water bottle. Everybody got their own cup. It was nothing but you.


Hey man, lemme just wiggle of that. Alright, here you go and pass it. Now everybody got their own water bottle of their own, You know, got their name on it. They drink their special concoction and everybody drink out a cup. And they throw it in the trash. Man. People, y'all need to stop playing all the time. I see these touching somebody, girl in the mall and, and doing all this other stuff and running upon people. Okay. Oh yeah. Oh, with the cameras that those, those are the content creators today. The content creators. Now the content creators today, they go, they, they, they go a little overboard to create their content. So you never know how people are gonna react. You, you never know. You gotta be careful. That's why I, I don't, I don't know why, I don't know why people feel like they do stuff like that.


I, I I never, I never, no. I don't know. And when I, when I think about it, I, when you think about it, like in, in hindsight, when I sit and think about, wait a minute, he kind of peed. He peed in the, in, in the, in the water bottle and mix it. The Water. Yeah. There's a guy that did that. He got like years. He did this at work and he got like 15 years I think. Not enough time. Right. And You know, that's the same thing. If you ever with a never, man, I don't, I don't wanna, I'm I'm Finn to go on left field with it, but don't worry about it For me. I mean, in order for, for like I said Ojo, we had a group, it was me, burns, dude named Allen. All the rest, his soul calling Roscoe.


Yeah. House and Foot. It was five of us. Okay. We had, You know, but I was like, man, this stuff getting outta hand. I said, Hey bro, let's go ahead and end this. So we ended it. But I gotta know, for me, Ocho, I gotta know you don't just be, oh, I be I man, let's go pray. Come on man. First of all, I'm, I'm a granddad. Right. Two times now they ain't got time to be playing no foolie, no childish game. And people, they be playing all, they be playing all this stuff. And I mean that. Come on. I I get it though, Joe dropping, putting water on somebody, You know.


Right. And loosening the salt or the pepper shaker. And they, okay. That's one thing, bro. You peeing somebody water and they drank it and you talking about that's a joke. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody speak to that. You know, you ain't never, Hey listen, I don't mean to go in left field. I'm just thinking about it. Right. Yeah. You ain't never like, and it, and it, You know, and then it like, it surprise you and it hits you and you taste it like No, like no, no, no, no. You know What I'm talking About. Yeah. I would, I was trying to give you context clues without really saying it. 'cause I don't wanna, I don't, I don't want us to get flagged. But You know what I'm talking about. I call it, I call it, I call it the Arnold Palmer. I don't call it that.


There. Yeah. There are a few women you meet like that. And it's A mixture of both fluids. They ain't met none. No, no. You don't never taste it. I sure don't. Okay. I'm just asking. Okay. Ojo, the incident was filmed by his friends and uploaded the Snapchat. You see, We don't play like that. We don't play like that. You know, You know, You know it's not us. Nah, nah, We Don't play like that. I said there gotta be, there needs to be be limits on, on the jokes. And like I said, I I, but I've never been, my grandfather didn't like my grandfather wasn't like that because I, and I think me growing up around grown folks, Ocho that, You know what I'm saying?


Like my grandfather be like, okay, we played, but there wasn't no playing in the house. My grandfather didn't play that. No, It wasn't, no playing in the house. Wasn't no ru it wasn't Well, I mean, hell, it was only a thousand square foot so you wasn't running. But so far, hey, it run out the door. Boy, stop slapping that screen door Though. Yeah. Yeah. And then we, you run out the ocho and you mess. Right. And you Think you gonna hit the door and you hit the screen and you push the screen out. Oh Lord have mercy, Man. The whooping. You finna get there, boy. What? I remember them days. But all that close my Goddamn dope. Letting in all them goddamn flies.


Yep. Running Up my electricity. What Are you talking about? That's what the electricity gotta do with the dope being open. What? But all those things and Oh, Joe, all those things that they said that we took for granted. Yeah. But we ain't have no century. We had a fan and it had, we had that box. We had that box fan, You know, back, I don't know if they still make 'em, but the fan we had you, that Walmart, the Iron Blade, they had the iron blades. I don't know. Do they still make fans with iron blades? Because now they got plastic blades. Yes, plastic. The blades had broke off and it'd be dancing. So we had to put a big a, a, a a a a, a cinder block only to keep it from dancing because that, because three blades is over two, it was unbalanced.


Yeah. Yeah. They still make, they still make them. But close the door, You know, do all this. But when you start paying for stuff, my brother used, used say all the time, I'll leave the door open. Leave this open. Right, right. He said, man, and then what did he say? I ain't say nothing. Right. He said, but when you get your own place, you'll see, You'll understand. Hey unc, you don't understand until you have kids. Huh? You don't understand the things your grandma and your granddaddy used to tell you back in the days. Or your mom used to stay back in the days Right. When you were younger and it doesn't resonate you until you have kids. Then you get a better understanding. Oh, this why you always used to say that. Oh, this why Bro, we had to go in the refrigerator.


We had to already know we going to get, you couldn't open the refrigerator and be looking And sit there waiting. Boy, close that refrigerator. It wasn't like, unless you wanted some baking soda. The one thing I know is gonna be in that refrigerator is baking soda anytime. Whether it's empty or not. Not it gonna Be, it might not be some, some tea. Some tea, but, and you couldn't drink that. Only my grandfather and grandmother could drink the tea. I don't know why the hell you make it. So you got all your kids in here and they can't drink no tea, TJ for y'all to, but just open the refrigerator and just be looking. My kids be in the fri you don't know, you went to the refrigerator for something. You know what the hell you wanted. Now all of a sudden you act like you had the grocery aisle.


You just walking up. You just looking. I some good days. There was the days, Joe. Yeah, it was, that was the days. But a, Hey, this dude, I don't know your name bro. Bro, if this is true that you peed in this bottle. Yeah, that's okay, boy. Hey, hey. See that's that. See, that's too, that's too much. See, because see that's the thing, Ocho that's why. Hey, because remember I told you Ocho grandpa, you told me, say boy, he played with a puppy.


He'll lick you in the mouth


on April 18th. Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Kler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need 'em and make your life so much better. Well, now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out, watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and Bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squat. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing. Next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Spring is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for Details.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it. Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


You see, because now somebody gotta, somebody gotta try to run up one up a prank. Oh yeah. See, you did. You did this Ocho I gotta do that. I gotta get you back. And I, I got, I got extended. I gotta keep it going. I gotta get you back. Just leave that. Just leave that. Just leave that right there. All right. Don't your D's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for Q at a Oh man. A law A y'all donated. Donated. He said, can the fellas get some Big three advice. Oh, it what advice you want, bro?


He said big three. Huh? You trying, you talking about basketball? I know he ain't want no big three. I mean, you tried to play in the big three. You should have, you should. You gotta be an NBA player, don't you? No, I guess, yeah. I mean, do Are there people, are there casual? No, I'm talking about ca Are there civilians that play on the big three teams? No. Or is everybody retired? NBA players? Everybody, everybody. Everybody played in the NBA. I think that's, that's a rule. Bosky The Tempest. Three things in life is certain death taxes and 84, 85 always gonna be open. That that's, that's, that's true. That's, that's factual. Niggas of everybody love everybody. Love everybody.


Night. Hey, somebody said they got on a stripper jersey. You got a fish that on? That's Fishman. Nah, this this Tyr Taylor bring it. Oh, is it? Yeah. Diallo. That was funny. You know Ty Tyr Taylor got a, got a nice really dope brand. Good, good stuff, man. Nice, nice nice casual stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Astro said Ice Cube, inner two Delta Blues Niggas and Fire and Fired. The Great Brows said The Nuggets got rid of their coach and Jim instead of the best player. Instead of their best player. At least the Nuggets did, did that right.


Gold Broncos. Yeah. Some look, sometimes, sometimes you could look, they went to the NBA finals and for whatever reason, Deandre Aton and Monty Williams could not get along. Yeah. For whatever reasons. I don't know. But it seemed maybe it was da his motor didn't one run hot all the time, or as well as, as Monte was thinking. But for whatever reason, they had a nice team. You had a big, you had D book, you had Chris Paul facilitated. You had a nice, yeah. Hey, you had Mikhail Bridges that could defend, could knock down shots.


You had Cameron Johnson, you had a nice pack, a backup and, and campaign. And they just, just blew it up. It with Deandre ANet, now Portland. Yeah. Dab Smith said KD to Denver makes the most sense. Since Yoic needs an Allstar. We got Jamal Murray, Not an Allstar. I look, I, I mean he's not an Allstar, You know, by player, but He's a star. I a Player, but he's a goddamn Allstar. I think the thing is, what makes them look, they gave up all the defense.


No, no, no. KCP. No Bruce Brown guys that could defend on the, You know, defend and do all the dirty work. Right Now you got guys that wanna score, You know, I mean, as the defense who you gotta play deep. That's not Yo's thing. That's not Murray's thing. That's not M-P-G-M-P-J Michael Porter Jr. That's not, that's not what he's known for. Gorn is a defender, but I'm, I I mean he, he's a big body guy. But I'm, I'm just trying to figure where, where you guys that could defend, they gave that all that up.


I don't see KD going to Denver. I don't know if they have the draft picks. I mean, who you gonna get? Who you gonna give up? You gonna get Murray? Do you think they're not gonna give you Murray, right? I mean, you gotta go somewhere that somebody have draft compensation to give you, because yeah, you want a few good players, but you want that draft pick. You want those, that draft capital. You gotta restock what you gave up. Bria Carter says, I feel like they should skip the ads, especially when we get a show this late. This show started at 1:00 AM How you think the show started? 'cause of the ads, as You know, You know, there are people here, there are, there are producers.


Ocho got a producer. I got a producer, we got graphics, we got editors, we got social media team. They don't work because they like O 84 85. They work for money. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think people understand that. They don't understand that. I mean, when y'all watch the games, how y'all think these, I mean, think about the Super Bowl. How many commercials does Super Bowl have? How many sports? How many name the sporting event that you've seen that don't run any ads? As a matter of fact, tell me the event that you've seen on television that haven't run. Ads. Ads. I can only think of one. The masters that time when they, they was, everybody was boycotting because they didn't admit a, a, a, a woman into the thing and they ran commercial free.


But I just want y'all to tell me, so what are we supposed to do? You right. Come on now. I'm just, I just care. I mean, Chad, I just want y'all, y'all tell us a way that we're able to do this. Pay the 15 people that we have that works on just Nightcap alone. Mm. Now I, well, when you say, what do you need a producer for? Lets me know, You know, very nothing about television, which is why we have ads. But I'm just saying, tell me your favorite program, your favorite TV show.


Tell me the one that you've seen it in its entirety. And they played No, they had no commercials. They've all, all my favorites have commercials. Good times Stand for this Sun. All in the family. Small Wonder Punky Brewster. I could keep going. Yes. 15 Rock. Yes. 15. They don't have have commercials. Y'all do realize in an hour programming, when you see an hour programming the show is actually only 32 minutes long is about it. The other 28 minutes are commercials. Commercials, yeah. The bills gotta be paid. Huh? The bills gotta be paid. The bills are paid because of the commercials. Yeah. We did start with zero commercials.


We, and, and we was basically, that was basically playing people out of our pocket. Oh, speaking of I owe you. I forgot. I owe you too. I'm glad you said that, But I've, I look. Yes. The first Zero. That's the whole point. The whole point. Listen, we're not a nonprofit people. It requires money to do this. It does. I mean, I don't, I don't know really what to tell people. So I'm sorry guys.


We gotta we gotta have commercials and hopefully we can get some more. Casey Taylor. Yo, is there a story behind how Grinding all my life became the intro for club? She, she also wheezy El Baby The Rock or Mahomes are in the future lineup The Rock. Yes. I can try to get Mahomes. I can't guarantee it. I think I, I think I can get wheezy. Yeah, I I think I can get Wheezed that, that's Rocky's gonna be a little bit more difficult because, You know between Oh, won the movies and just all the stuff that he has going on.


Yeah. Basically you would have to fly to him. I'm gonna have to fly to Hawaii or one of, to play one of the 15 places that he calls home As a sim. That's a simple call. Symbol. Call right here. Symbol Call Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Hey Fab. I saw my other Sterling yesterday. He was cool as always. We had a good time. Oh, must be down there at Myrtle Beach. Was it Myrtle Beach? I think it was Myrtle Beach. Because they normally have a tournament after the masters. The Monday after the masters. They normally have a tournament down there. All right, doc, I appreciate that. PC said love from Toronto, Canada. Almost 3:00 AM here.


But I'm rocking with you guys. Random question, what do you do when you are low on motivation or light gets overwhelming? IE how do you manage tough emotions since you're both athletes? Compartmentalize. You Got, let me do this job and then once the job is over, I go think about, well, how I need to get done, what I needed to get done. Whatever those emotions are. If I'm dealing with something personal in my life, if I'm dealing with something, the kids or somebody, whatever the case may be, the job's gotta get done. And Only people Ocho Yeah. Only people that work a nine to five have work life balance.


When you run your company, there is no work life balance. Right. Because you're always on the clock. 'cause you are responsible for what comes out. Everything. So I don't get that luxury like, oh, somebody else will figure it out. No, it doesn't work like that. Now, if you want work life balance, have at it. I got no problem. So I don't want y'all to come in here up. Was throwing shade at people to work nine to five. No, you work nine to five to fulfill somebody else's dreams. Mm. But in this situation, Ocho, everybody's gonna go through something. Yeah, something Always.


But I can't stop. I got a job to do. I can't, I couldn't call it the Broncos or the Ravens. I can't call little, couldn't call it CBS or, or Fox or not ESPN. I can do that job because I don't think in two, the two hours that it requires me to do my job. I don't really think there's much I can do about it, especially from where I am. That's just me. Right? Everybody deals with situations, how they choose to. But this is how I choose to deal with mine. I'm gonna do what I need to do and then I'm gonna take care of what I need to take care of to each your own. And You know, the first half of this question too, I, I never understood how, how people lack motivation in general. And I never understood that part.


Especially when there's a, there, there, there's a start. Well, you not doing something that you like. If you like motivation. Yeah. I just, I I never understood that. Huh? Never the smallest goal. Short term, long term, whatever it may be to accomplish anything in life. It take, you gotta be motivated to do it. You gotta be, you gotta be motivated about something. Something gotta get you going. And it, it shouldn't, you shouldn't have to rely on other people doing it for you to do it. You shouldn't have to rely your friends to get up and go to the gym. What are you passionate about? Because if you're passionate about something, you don't, when you passionate about ocho you don't, you don't re you need very little motivation at, at all.


What makes you jump out of bed? That's the question. Because when you passionate about something, oh, you gonna put a, you gonna put your all into it? Hey, everything, and you gonna be good and you gonna be really good at it. Everything. Listen, when I'm, when I'm motivated, whatever it is I'm locked in on, it becomes my purpose. Yes. It becomes, it becomes my purpose. It's almost as if I'm living for just that specific thing, whatever it may be at that time that has me motivated. Right. Man, I, I don't play. I I don't, I don't play. I have worried of that. You know what, You know what intentional means when you are intentional when you do something.


Yeah man, You worked all your life. We worked all our life to get in this position, this position. Now I'm supposed to relax now. Shit. Alright. I don't, I've always been one of those guys. Ocho no matter the goal, no matter what I accomplish, what's the next goal to accomplish? What can I, I don't, I don't stand on the out like Yes, yes, I might get to the top, but I'm gonna look at, I look on the horizon and see if there's another summit I can scale. I'm, I'm just a mo I'm a very motivated and driven person.


I've al I al I I've always been that way. Yes sir. And so, I don't know why people be surprised when they see me have success. When You know how motivated I am. I'm all in on stuff. I, I don't, I don't. When I, this is my focus. And it's one thing to be motivated, but you also to work, Think about ojo. Think about how motivated you were to do for, for the, for the the Bengals. Mm. Or or, or the cw And they tell me, you can't be that motivated for yourself. You got, that's what I don't get for people. People show up in these people jobs and don't miss a day for 10 years, 15 years, but after to do something for yourself, it's like, Hmm.


See, you see, I, I like that you just went there with now you, now you leave me right into my next thing. Now you see why I'm enjoying myself. You see why I'm doing stuff for myself right now. You see what I'm talking about? Yeah. I like that. And I like that. So now you get, and I don't, You do something for me. Huh? Do something for me. I am, I got you. Remember I told you in June Baltimore show I'm gonna gonna pay you Latin and personally in front of everybody. 5,200. What you want a hundreds? Hundreds. 50 to twenties. I gotta wait till then. And that ain't too far. That's right around the corner. No, I mean, uncle Sam. Who? Uncle Sam touched your boy up today. Well, Only the only Sam I know is cook.


That that one is that be pointing. Talking about Uncle Sam won't you? And I be like, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what you get. Uncle Sam.


Guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. You've done an unbelievable job. Only two more nights to vote. As y'all know me. I'm your favorite of number 85 Liberty City Zone Bingo, ring of Fame honoree, the one the only. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please go follow my media company page on all of its platform, Shesha Media. Thank you guys so much for nominating us for six Webby Awards. The nominations are as followed. Myself. Best Entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club shehe Best creator slash influencer series, Nightcap Best sports show.


Best video series. Best Live podcast recording that is Nightcap six awards. Thanks to you. Why do you think all these that, why do you think all these commercials happen? Mm. To cover you? Because y'all watch us because y'all support us and advertisers and sponsors see that and they see how you guys engage with us. They see the couple of questions that you ask. That's why. So thank you. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. The link for our bio to go vote for the the War of the Web is.


The Voting ends the 17th, which is Thursday. You can check. Also check out my clothing company 84 with everything has been restocked, that link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale. Our top eight shows are Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago, Detroit. You bring, we bring the house down in Detroit. That's our final stop. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is pending in the chat.


Guests are lining up. Guys, you don't wanna miss these. If we're coming to a city near you, come check UNC and OCHO out. Promise you won't regret it. Oh yeah. Grab your tickets now. That concludes Nightcap. I'm unc, he's ocho. We'll see you we'll back tomorrow, right? We're back tomorrow. Off Thursday. Back tomorrow. See you tomorrow. The Volume,


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


Hello darlings pack your suitcase for new season of the Hulu original Reality series band, A Pump Villa. Let's Do this. Chow. It's Stassy. Of course, Lisa brought in her favorite to be resident chaperone of the castle. Dossy is an icon. She's my eyes and ears. I love this. Get ready for the luxury and drama that awaits us in Italy. Cheers to all the toxic couples in the castle. Season two of Band Pump Dilla premiers April 24th Streaming on Hulu.


New out of nowhere, obstacles, new all or nothing. Moments new, less than likely Triumphs. Season two of the Unshakeable podcast has it all. Hi, I'm Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for Business and host of the show. We are excited to bring you more inspiring stories from small business owners who share the what are we gonna do? Moments that ended up changing everything. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC. Copyright 2025 JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.