
The Volume After the Lakers were bounced in five by the wolves. Injury news has been creeping out. First. An MRI revealed that LeBron James suffered a grade two MCL sprain in his left knee in the fourth quarter of game five. The injury entails a three to five week recommended recovery timeline. Then it was reported that Officer Reeves were dealing with a left big toe sprain during the playoffs, was considered a two to four week injury. But he gutted it out. Reeds was reportedly not walking on it on days off to try to get through the playoffs.


You know, the internet is reacting because it seems like every time a LeBron lose they say, see, this is why he lost Rob. You close to this situation. What, what, what I told LoJo when they did, I said, well, they need a big, I said, they only gonna go so far. Yeah. I said, because if Jackson Hayes don't give you quality minutes now you gonna put him out and you ain't got nobody else to put in there as a big, you got LeBron or Rui playing the four, the four and the five. That's too small Way, way too small. You know, that's why you have to give Jackson Hayes a chance in, in that series. And You know, it was weird when, when, when, when LeBron hit that guy, and I know everybody always wanna say LeBron had antics. I watched his knee bend and that's how I strained my MCL and was out just six weeks.


And You know, LeBron is a, he's a, he's a a, a alien when it comes to that. He doesn't get hurt. And so people wanna talk about that let's You know, but that team is just too small. You think about all the teams you could have played, you got a hold to the wrong one. Right? Yeah. And, and, and Minnesota, you think about it, they, they're just long, they're athletic, they're tough. And then they pissed off. They pissed off at Luca because he bounced them last year. And so, You know, one thing that coaches do, they learn, if you watch how the, the Minnesota temple was Coach Luca, they was like, no, don't switch. We did that mistake last year, put go bare and hits the three. So we didn't switch this season. And that's one of the things that, You know, they learned that from Boston too.


'cause that's how Boston was able to, You know, beat the, beat the Dallas marriage because You know, we not switching, we keeping out Best Defender And I talked about that earlier, how lazy guys are now. Man, it's not even a damn screen. They didn't try to fight over the screen now they just passed it off. Yeah. They weren't even, it's like, why? It's like you a better defender And now, and I look at jj, I'm like in, in game and in game four I'm like an man out there cooking you and you best defender is on the freaking bench and Van Dope give him a chance. At least he got 4, 5, 6 files. You gonna go to the hole, you gonna get up off the floor. And so that's why I was looking at Jay like, dude, what are you doing? I'm, I'm not even mad at jj, I'm mad at Nate and I'm mad at Scotty because you two head coaches are sat right over there and let him do this dumb stuff.


Because you can think it's a reason that that's the first time time it was ever done in the playoffs. Yeah. They played in play. But I do and I in trouble. You, you can't, I mean you're asking them and I don't care how great you are and I O2 and I, we debated this mojo like, man, you gotta get it done. I said yeah, the mind is willing but the body just ain't able. True. The man had just played 41 minutes a couple of nights before. Now you running back 46 on 40-year-old Olympics and then you put 40, 40 boom minutes on in game five. Yeah. Yeah. And You know, and what people forget is he's played more playoff games than everybody. So that's equivalent to like, I think four seasons. So you gotta add four seasons onto the 20 seasons that he's played.


The 22 season You mean? Yeah. Yeah. So you gotta think of that. So that's, so that's why you gotta find a way. You got Gabe Vincent over there, who's got NBA finals experience? Give him some burn. You know, I think the biggest mistake that the leaguers made all season was not trying to figure out how to implement Dalton Connect into the system. Yeah. You know, you think about him, that's, that's the flame throw over there. You gotta give him a chance. You know, you got, you think about it, you got, you talk about scoring, but then you put Van do in there, who's the better shooter? Dolton Connect Van do ain't listen. Van do ain't looking at the rim unless it's a layup for a wide open dunk. But I think the thing is what JJ Gado said about Don Connect 'cause he don't, he he, his defensive assignment, he acted like a blind dog in the meat house.


Do I show, do I hedge? Hey isn't it Luca? And isn't it ar And but, But that's the thing. See that's the problem with the Lakers. You get Luca getting beat off the first dribble 90% of the time ar getting beat off the second dribble. LeBron can't sit in the chair at 40 anymore. So now you got three guys that are really su I mean LeBron will try to bother you. I mean yeah, he gonna chase it down. He gonna make some, he gonna make some great defensive plays. But when you got Luca and AR and you don't have no, I mean when you had AD you had some help. Yeah. Now you don't have ad. So now Yep. And Jackson Hayes, I mean sometimes hey he, he give you a good lob thread, we'll get it off the rim, You know, get a bound to put it back.


But for the most part he's not, you're not counting on him to get you much. Anyway. If we can get, we can steal 15, 20 minutes from him, Rob, we good. We, hey we out date, that's All we wanted. You know, You know, you think about that's all you need because people don't realize that the reason the Mavericks was so good last year is because those two bigs, they had, they was erasing all of Luca's mistakes. Yep. It was everybody. Yeah. It's like you, you go to the rack, okay, you got them guys blocking shots and You know, it's, yeah. And so people forget how important certain bigs are to the team because they can erase like what ad did ad saved them so many times and I think about when he played Denver last year, you expect ad to do everything.


I'm like, dude, he can't guard some guys on the perimeter, You know? And so you think about Murray Murray like, okay, I'm a really good shooter. I'm gonna separate from ad and yeah, let ad keep the defender on him. Let ad erase the mistake when he get to the hole. Right? And so it's so many little things like that. And the reason that I would never want to coach or be an assistant coach because I'm like, dude, I'm looking down. I'm my arrogance. Be like, look, I'll play with three of the best centers in the world. I don't want seven championships. You gonna freaking tell me I don't know what the hell I'm talking about. So I I I done been in every situation. There's a reason that I'm won seven championships. There's a reason that dream respects me. Shaq respects me. Tim respects me because I wasn't afraid to yell at them and tell them what to do and put them in the right place in the right frame of mind.


And when you got guys that are like that, you gonna be good man. That's what I like about the Celtics and that's what I like about the calves this year. That's who I got. Winning all the calves. I know y'all didn't ask me that, but I just threw that out there. You got, hold on, you got the Cals you got the Cals to come outta the east. I got the calves, I got the Cals winning at all. Man. I don't Know about that raw. Yeah, because they they ain't beat no, they ain't beat none of the top teams. They lost to Boss. I think they beat Boston once, but I think they lost, they beat Boston once. Yeah, they, they lost to, they lost to OKCI think both times. Yep. But I'm not worried about that. You know why, why? Because playoffs is a different thing. They got you gonna be able to focus on the team and in the playoffs you think about the O-K-C-O-K-C gets a lot of their points.


Howard, when Shay Gils gets to the free throw line, you don't get those free throws because you get the best refs that they don't give you that BS that you get called to go to the free throw line shoot 1215 free throws. So, so I, I think, I think Cleveland this year because of the way they planned and those two bigs back there, LAN and, and they ain't different for Yeah. Most, but if you look At it, Boston can play two big with Pius and Al Harper. You look at KC you mentioned it, they could play two bigs. Well hard and Stein and Che Hungry and see and tonight we learned she could play two bigs who Yeah. Sh go and, and Adams who knew, who knew that was possible. Yeah.


But I just say I think though, You know, when you look at the totality of the thing and the way fucking spiders playing now Yeah Spider really realizes that I need my teammates and he doesn't try to just do it all on his own like a mj like a Kobe did, You know, at times. So he's relying on his team and I just think it's just, and I really like the way Moby's playing right now. He's killing it man. JJ Reddick said the Lakers have to get in championship sh shape. There are individuals that were phenomenal that, that were in phenomenal shape. There are certainly ones that could have been in better shape. We've got to get in championship shape. Rob, are you a fan of JJ publicly taking shots? Because we know who he talking about.


Hey first of all, what does JJ know about a championship shape? Has you ever won a championship? I I just wanna know what this championship shape, that's all I'm asking. You know, I'm, do You know what championship shape is? Is because for me, when you talk about championship shape, that means you've been there, done that. When you talk about championship shape, that shit starts in the summertime. Then it goes in the training camp and then that goes through in the season. If you want somewhere in championship shape, you don't take the last three games off because you say, okay, I'm gonna get some rest. You use those games to get in shape. And so for me, I don't know why he said that, because you already think about Luke already in the point where he's all mentally all screwed up because the way Dallas got rid of him Right.


And he got sign an extension, he might take that as a shot as him. He out. So you, I don't know what he, why he said that. You know, it is just the weirdest thing to me. I think the thing, but I, but I can, I, it seems to me now you you, like I said Rob, You know basketball bodies than You know, you, you, you, you've been there. But it seems to me every year Luca wears down and he's limping more and more in the playoffs. We saw that this year. We saw that last year and against some of the teams they was wondering, well is Luca gonna play? And we saw him in Boston it seemed like every year his body wears down once he gets to the playoffs. Yeah, but You know what, You know, when you think about when Luca first got to the Lakers, how they were humming and You know what the difference was.


What's that? Luca wasn't handling the ball as much. You know, if you think about the last, let's start with this series here. He wanted the ball every time to bring it up. Yeah. And you, when you got tough defenders like Minnesota, that's gonna wear you down, take it out at you. Yeah. And so you got ar you got La, LeBron, you even got gave Vince to bring it up. Go stand your ass in the corner. And so take a break. And for me, I look at where he didn't know the plays and he was trying to get for me, they look so damn good because ar come down, LeBron will come down, he'll come down and they was moving the basketball, it was cutting. They was just playing basketball. They was, they playing instinctively.


But then it comes down where he goes to that, that flow thing. He goes the, to the mid go to the high post and just bad Basketball dribble the clock out. Yeah. So, and it, it gets to a point where you think about all the energy LeBron had and because he wasn't bringing the ball up. Yes. Right. So sometimes you have to get off the ball and, and I don't think Luca can do that because that's the only way he knows how to play. Yeah, I And that's, see you took the words right outta my mouth. You see it's easy because LeBron can play off the ball. You put him in the dunker spot, you put him in the, you put him in the high post, you can throw it to him, he can find somebody. Luca needs the ball. Luca can't play. Luca can't, his game hasn't evolved yet to where he can play out the ball like LeBron can.


And I, and I think this is what's gonna cause LeBron to play another two more years, three more years because he's off the ball and he doesn't have that burden of bringing it up, having to run the set right. Get everybody else involved. Now he's like, Hey y'all got Luca, they are let me let, let me shoot some spot up threes put me in that dunking spot so I can get baseline and, and and lay it up a dunk it. Hey You know what, I like to see him. I like to see him just take him to the post because he got so many post up moves he can use because it's about moving quick. I even put him in an elbow situation when, You know, run some type of pinch post and let him go to work. That's one two dribbles to the hole he dunking on people. Right. You know, it, it's, it's efficiency of movement to me. When you get to a certain age, do I need to take three steps, four steps or five steps to be efficient?


No, I'm taking three because I mean I can save two from later on. Yeah. And for me that's what he has to learn how to do. Like just go in the post. You think about how long Tim Duncan played, You know, he is a different type of player, but LeBron has the ability just, I'm gonna just take you to the post. I'm gonna jump hook you. I'm gonna do my little fade away. And that's all he has to do. He gonna still average about 24, 25 points like that. 'cause he's that much better than everybody else. How Many more years you think LeBron is realistically gonna play? Because he said this every year they getting out the playoffs like, I don't know how much longer I got. And then he's like, hey, he seems to be like a guy. He's gonna ride the train till the wheel falls off. Yeah. You know the funny thing about LeBron is he, he, he, he's such a big kid. When you young and hard and young and mind like that you can, you can play a couple more years.


I think when I hit my 16th season I felt like a old fart. I ain't wanna do it no more. Mentally I was strong. I was, I was done. And so for him, you think about how much you, you think when you watch him warm up? I think every time I watch him he's smiling, he's dancing every damn night. And for me, I had nights where I'm like, dude, I don't even wanna be out here right now 'cause I'm hurting. But he still has that love, that joy, that energy and You know, I think he probably gonna play like maybe three more years because wait 25, he gonna wait to see what Bryce going do. He was the first guy to play with two, two his sons in the NBA. So he gonna see what Bryce gonna do. He never gonna look, look like he gonna sit in that record that day. Ain't nobody gonna break it.


Yeah. You know, it's, it's weird And nobody's gonna break those records man. You know, the only person can break a record like that is someone who's coming straight outta high school, maybe scoring and you think like the way Lucas scores, but he ain't gonna make it that damn long. Oh no. You think about who else could KD is not gonna make it that much longer. So nobody's ever gonna, these records are gonna be, they gonna be out of this world. O Joe you think JJ should have taken a shot at Luca publicly? I mean I I'm not sure if it was directed at Luca. I think something like that should be kept inhouse. You Directed at An issue with it. But, but listen, especially something like that, You want Luca, me and Rob wanna know who you think was directed at It wasn't at Luca. I Mean Yeah, I mean you, you, you right back that but listen something like that.


You, you keep in house. You hear me, you hear me? You, you, you, you are the future other Lakers and the head, a head coach really taking a shot at you publicly when you could have kept that in house and just talk. I mean he could, he talked, he could've talked about it something else, but I think he wanted send a message. He wanna send a message and that's the way you felt he won the Senate. Yeah, I Think you book, I mean it's gotta be a you, you see what happened and they were talking about that Nico look, we, everybody fought Nico, but that was a Nico call, that was ownership call. Yeah, I see. So because Nico, that ain't Nico's money 3 45 whatnot. One penny was coming outta Nico's pocket. They made that call and Nico obliged him and moved it and got, You know, could they have gotten a bigger package?


Yeah, but they didn't want it to get out because you start calling around teams and that get out. Oh boy. Yeah, it's gonna get back to Luca. Listen, I I tell you what, listen, if JJ Redick and anyone else in the Lakers organization, You know, miss Bus brother Paulka and y'all got a problem with, with Luca not being in shape. Now listen, we got we something, we got some good gyms down here in Miami. We we are getting together, we getting together in Miami now. So think about that. Luca Giannis and Ja Morron. Nah, that ain't gonna work. We could take all, we could take all of 'em. Like We got three ball dom guys that ain't working. Hey, You know, I I I I'll trade Luca for hero and, and and bam gimme number two. I'll give you Luca, Okay, Okay.


Okay. Because now I got a big and I got me a shooter. But you gonna keep ar because he ar and and hero base was the same guys. Well that's that's true. But I, the thing about AR is you can use him for get him, get you something else. You, you can put him out there For something else. But I, but I I I what I love about AR is that yeah, how he's grown. He's gotten better. Oh yeah. Every single year. And if I didn't tell you, if he didn't know, you would never know he was an undrafted fridger. That's so true. You know, the thing I like about ar is he's, he learns from his mistakes. And I, and the one thing that I think he's gonna sit back and, You know, now that I know that his toe was hurt, that he wasn't aggressive enough for me when ar is going downhill, he's such a good player.


But when he's trying to think he's shifty with the rock Yeah. And gets caught up and lose it. That's not, that's not the air I wanna see. I I think when you think about how many times when he gets you, he just makes a direct line to the basket pump fakes you, gets you there, gets the air one like I don't even think he went to the free throw line the last two games because he wasn't trying to get to the rack. And I don't know it because it had a lot to do with Minnesota's defense because they're bigger and stronger. You watch how Antman was just bullying him up the top, not letting him get to his, his his position. So for me he's going to have to learn how to just keep it simple. What I mean by that is I'm just going to take one, two drills pull up. I ain't always gotta get to the rack, You know, I gotta fake you punk, fake you this and go this way.


And, and it's about, like I said, he fishes on 'cause if you really think about ar he's crafty but he's not quick with it. No. He's kind like lu he's just kind of slow with it. He can get off because the deepest is moving faster than you are. So that's how you able to get those files. They just tried to, they're trying to send a message anywhere you can. If I'm Luca I'll go get with LeBron and say bro, what you do, what you do because I look, I and I was talking like with the guy, I argue with you and say, say what you do. That's your ain't shit. I I would tell him, I'd say, You know what, I know they got Slovenian food that's, that's nutritious.


But see the problem is he ain't a Slovenia, You know, you come to America and you try to eat native foods. We done added something to it. It gets you having big of the house over here. Yeah. Now you go back, look at Luca his first couple years when he got to the NBA and look how skinny he is. And, and look, I remember a lot of those European players, they, they, they don't have the bodies like America player. They're not gonna have the caps on their shoulders and the definition. Look at Yoic. Yeah Look at, look at Luca, look at Manu sha sha look at Ingas. That's not how they're built. Yeah, right. So he said, but if you go back and look at Yoic when he first got in the league and how he looked now you could tell he put time in, he said, man I'm tired.


Hey I ain't finna be no fast lobby. Y'all ain't finna be talking about me. And now three MVPs and two run ups later. The guy, one of the great one, one of the historically great players of all time. And that's because he made a, he made a, a concerted effort to get his but in the gym to watch his nutrition to work and to become what he became. But I just think Lucas just wear wears down. 'cause last year he had that same problem. You know, he was dealing with a knee and the year before that he had some issues going on. I just think, You know, and it's hard because the guy's giving you 28, 8 and eight and eight. But bro I need you a hundred percent for the playoff too. Or it's close to it.


And I don't think he's nearly close to that, especially LA especially this series here. 'cause he moved like a old man. Hey, but the thing about it's he did lose weight compared to when we first got on the Lakers. So Oh yeah, yeah. He lost about 10 pounds, so 20 pounds. So we gotta be thankful he going in the right direction. Yeah. We gotta go, we gotta go in the right direction. I'm, I'm surprised given that knowing a lot of people said Luca, You know, hookah Luca and You know, he drank and beer and he partied and he doesn't take it serious. It's hard for me to say that he doesn't take it serious, but do I think his conditioning could be better? Yes, absolutely. But I think he takes the game serious. You don't get to be discounted this good.


Exactly. By not taking the game serious. But I do think his conditioning and his nutrition can be more on point. Yeah. I I think for me, when I watch Luca, You know, I think he should do a lot of agility work in the summertime. Okay. Working on his footwork, working on his flexibility because a lot of his injuries are coming from just, You know, not being, you can tell he's not a flexible guy. No. You know, and he needs to do yoga, Pilates or something all summer and because when you watch him move sometimes he stays in front of people and he's so big body that he bounces off him. He just doesn't do it all the time. If he works on his footwork, he works on his feet and agility so he can become a decent defender.


'cause it he can do it, he just don't Want to. No, and the thing is that he's so good on the other end, Bob, that's the problem. He's so great offensively, but like, oh, we listen somebody else, hey we'll do four on five, y'all handle that. But don't even worry about it Luca, because we see he get the man gave you a 60 20 triple double, he can give you a 40 point triple double or a 50 point triple double like is nothing. But yeah, I, I was surprised. But lemme ask you this. Do you think Nico, do you think Dallas was right about Luca but was wrong for the trade?


I You know what it, it was right about Luke would be one of those questions you have to deep dive into the franchise and get to know Luke and how his stuff, You know, I always said when he came into the season, he's always came in fluffy. Yes. And he never came in shape. And that's one of the things that you can tell like when your back started hurting, You know, you can go a couple years remember ad Yeah. Started the season off his back was hurting because he was fluffy, he wasn't in shape. Yeah. He was like, yep. And then he got, then he got in shape and he played whatever the number game. It's about what you do in the off season. It's about what you do in condition wise and being prepared for the, the grind of the, the, the regular season. And I think with Nico, I I agree. When you said it, it wasn't his call. Because I just think when Nico messed up when he, the one line he messed up says, I didn't know how important man lo was.


That's but other than that you should have just said, yo man, I know you can't throw the owners under the bus and be like, yo, I think I'm doing what I'm told to do. I I work for someone just like a lot of you guys do. But I I I understand where he was coming from because if you, if you really look at that team and you look at what they had with the additional ab, I thought they had a position to do something scary because Kyrie Oh yeah, you forget how good Kyrie is. We PJ Washington and then GI just, You know you got G Yeah. Yes. Yeah. But it was just, it was just, You know, bad time. But I also think with me, You know, I love ad's. One of my favorite players of all time. But I think ad moving to the full of making him soft.


And what I mean by that is, I'm not saying physically, mentally because it's making him not be aggressive. You watched him in the last couple games and playing a game, all he did was shoot threes and that dude, and you're so effective. Think about when he was in New Orleans, they gave him the pinch posts. He was doing spinning dunking on people shooting threes, setting you up. But once he said he wanted to be, I know he had Boogie boogie with him, but it was like he didn't play the same way. He didn't shoot a lot of threes. And so for me it's making him soft in the sense that I'm I'm gonna, I'm gonna sell. When I say soften, mean sell instead of like trying to get to the feet throw line. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I look because Luca is so great because he was so beloved.


I mean they drafted a kid. He was 18 when he got there. Yeah. I don't know. It's hard for me to believe. Nico, you were the go a marketing guy for Nike. You understand who does what and who moves the needle. Ain't nobody has. Exactly. You know Exactly. You know what Shea means to OKC, You know what Jason Tatum means to Boston. You know what Jalen Brunson means to the Knicks and you talk about and and and and and, and Jalen Brunson got traded to the Knicks. Shaa got traded to OKC. So you talking about a homegrown Kobe homegrown Yeah. Trey LeBron and Trey LeBron at 25, you across The hallway. What Dirk meant to that team.


So I I agree with you. I agree with you Bob. I I don't know about that. I just say yeah, hey guys, we gonna move it, we gonna move it on. I mean Lucas's not here anymore. We got Anthony Davis. We gonna ask some more pieces. Kyrie got hurt. That's what really made it look bad. Kyrie got hurt. Yeah. So hey we get Kyrie, they probably gonna try to make a run for kd 'cause KD probably gonna be up out of Phoenix and now we might be having a different story. I know. Or August Two second. The Lakers can offer Luca a four year, $229 million extension. Or Luca could opt to sign a three year, 1 65 extension with a player option in 2028, which would then allow him to sign a max deal in 2028.


They gave him 35% of the salary cap for the next five seasons. What you doing Rob? You take it to four years at 2 29, 3 years of 1 65 with a player option. And then in 28 lemme go and get that 400. Hey I'm taking the four years. You want that money? You want that guarantee, you want that guarantee money, huh? I want that guaranteed money now and deal with it then. You know. Hey, but think about it. So many guys you take in this day and age, take the four years. Hey, I wanna renegotiate my contract. Oh I wanna be traded. You know, there's so many things you can do. So I'm taking the four years 'cause I'm a I I don't, I don't want to, I don't wanna trust my body.


Right. When you think about how many injuries he's gotten, I had to have to go with the money now. 'cause you see it, what happened to him? You see what happened to so many guys who bet on themselves, right? Right. And their body fell on them. So I now I'm I'm taking the money. What you doing on Joe? You taking the money or you gonna play play side three years with, with a, with an option and then go to the table and say, let, lemme get that five, let get that five for you got five for 400 in there for me. I mean, well, well I'm, I'm, I'm gonna take that three because I, if I'm, I'm betting on my body and I'm only betting on my body 'cause I ain't never been hurt. So probably I'm a, I'm a I'm gonna play another three Cs and not get hurt and go back to the table, hit him, cross the head that just me.


But understanding Luca and his injury history. And it seemed not, I I mean no disrespect in any way. It seemed like his body continued to deteriorate, especially towards the end of the season. I'm expecting something like that to continue to happen. 'cause as you get older it don't get better. No, it don't get better. So You know LeBron. Yeah, yeah, There you go. But listen, what lu what Luca can do, what what Luca can do is he could take that three if he, if he adapts and does everything LeBron does when it comes to taking care of your body right now, then you could take that three and bet on yourself. But what are the chances of him actually doing everything LeBron does when it comes to taking your body and preparing yourself in the off season?


But You know, it's, I was, I was, we always say that you need to get with LeBron, but You know, it's, we gotta also think that, You know, LeBron got great genetics man. For sure. You know that too. That that too. You Know, we can just say, oh, you giving LeBron do that's like we can, we, all of us can go in the gym and shoot a thousand jumpers, You know, we, we curry exactly. Gonna come out and shoot like Steph Curry, he come and shoot 10 a day. It's still gonna be better than that. It's just, You know, just sometimes, You know, the man above God gives you talents. God gives you the genetics. And so you can tell Luca to do all that, but if the body don't act right, the body don't act right. LeBron says, it ain't my job to worry about Luca's future with the Lakers.


LeBron told ESPN. Nope, that ain't my job. I don't think, I don't think I know. I I, I know Luca knows how he feels about, I feel about him and ultimately the trade happened for the future. That's not for me. Luca has to decide what he has to do with his future. He's 26 years old, I'm 40, so he can't be basing on his career off me. That's just real. But I hope obviously he stays long term Laker fans, effing love him here. LA has accepted him. We love him as a teammate, as a brother, but ultimately he's gotta make a decision for him ish. So I ain't going, I ain't going around being, I ain't gonna be around much longer bro. Gonna be out there another two, three years watch.


Yeah. And you think about this, the LeBron at, You know, at at 60%, even 30% is probably better than half the league. That's how good he is. Yeah. And I, I think, You know, I think Luca, the things he's doing around the city so far, You know, think about what just happened with the defacing of the Kobe mural. He donating the money. You know, I think he's trying to do exactly what he did in Dallas and let him know that he wants to be a part of the community and do as much that he can say, Hey, I know you guys are paying a a shit ton of money. I'm just gonna be here for you guys and try to get back the best way I can. So I I I feel like Luca, unless You know the Joker say, Hey, let's play together.


He'll, he'll be, he'll be in a Laker uniform. I like it. I think the Joker is the only person that probably could get him to say, come on, let's go play together. Yeah. Per the athletic people close to LeBron aren't ruling out the possibility of him finish his career elsewhere, run back to the land If the, if the Cavaliers donate the to conference final school, we see LeBron coming home one last time. One time, one more time to finish his career. No, I will see it. He loved everything about LA loves everything about LA And his, his daughter was in dance class here. She got ev everything going on that way. He, You know, he's really, he, I think he's realizing the importance of, You know, his kids and the the, the direction they're going and how much they enjoy.


And he ain't, he ain't going back to Cleveland now. He might go there and sign and say he retired after. Oh yeah. What day? Yeah, that one day contracts. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't, I don't believe he go, I don't believe he goes back, go back and do what you playing with Luca. You playing with Luca, you go back and, and, and sit on the, you gotta to come off the bench and like, because it, that, that starting, I be like, yo, man, we just won a chip. You ain't smoothing us out the way. Yeah. IIII agree with I agree with you. I I don't see, I don't see him going back. I mean they, they, they keep saying that, but I think LeBron really love the Lakers. I really think he loves living in la. I think he loves all things la the weather is nice year round.


He don't really have to have an overcoat. You know, you could have a top down damn near year round. You got water, you got beaches, I mean everything. His businesses are la there's really nothing for him not to like about la And he's, we were making a lot of movies. Right. Yeah. And he's doing a lot of that stuff too. Yep. He's a production company. Yeah, Yeah. All that's going on. So he he's in the perfect place, You know, and and he played With the lake. Yeah. I mean, I mean Shaq is really the only one that I can remember that came here and left. Kareem didn't leave. Wilt didn't leave. Kobe didn't leave. Magic didn't leave normally, normally when you could Be, Shaq didn't wanna leave.


He was just forced out. Who that? Shaq didn't wanna leave. He was just forced Out. Sha wanted, Shaq wanted him money. Yeah. Hey, when I was in Laker, I didn't wanna leave either, but I was forced out. So you don't wanna leave ladies, man. Yeah, But I, yeah, I, I, I, I agree. I, I think, and plus, You know, the kids are here. I mean, it's a short trek for him to go over to shoot over to Arizona to see Bryce. Yeah. To go way back to Cleveland Zuri, the, his youngest daughter, his only daughter, the youngest is, is in, in school here to uproot her, leave her friends. I think Savannah has like carved out her own niche here in la Yeah. I, I just don't see it. I'm not, it sound good. I mean, hey, You know those close to LeBron O Ocho, I just don't see it though.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Ain't going nowhere. What you think he'll be right. He'll be right here for a minute. I say he, he ain't going nowhere. I I, I, I mean Honestly, I know he kept his place in Ohio and he can always jet back. But I think, I think California is gonna be his home base. I think ca where he's gonna reside when it's all said and done. LeBron James will be a, a California, he's not a native obviously. Yeah. He grew up in Akron, Ohio. Exactly. And he's played a lot of years in Cleveland. But think about it, he's al he gonna almost double up the amount of time that he played in Miami here in la Yeah, Most definitely. And I think it also, it's, I think there's too many moving parts. There's too many moving parts in LA for 'em to be, for 'em to go back to Akron, obviously having a place there, being that that's where you grew up, you will still always have ties there.


But as far as from a business standpoint and everything has going on, I I I'd assume it would make more sense obviously to stay here in LA Yeah. Bigger market. Yeah. I mean, but You know, he, he, he's the type of guy that he don't really, the the, he is the market so true. So he, He, but hey, there's a lot more connections out here than it is in Cleveland. You ab you. Absolutely. Because there's nothing that, there's nothing that in you can't do in la. I mean, hey, pick up a phone. I don't think he wants to go back to that cold. I don't think Savannah wants to go back to the cold. I mean, once you, once you get used to that warm weather, it's hard for you to go back. And if you live in Florida, if you live in la if you live in some warm weather and say, You know, yeah, I think I wanna go live in New York, I wanna live in Philly, I wanna live in Massachusetts.


Once the, once the more bones get used to that warm weather, I'm here for the Long. I think once you step out there in that cold just hits you in the face one time, it's like, nah, I'm good. Yeah, I'm good. Yeah. But I don't, I don't see him go, I don't see him going back there either. SGL on it being traded by the Clippers. Were on his mind. If LA advances and play the Thunder. They did motivate me a long time ago. I haven't thought about them in years though. I can't hold, I guess you can say I grudges forever in life. What you think Rock, when you got traded, did you, did you hold a grudge against anybody when you got traded?


Nah, no, because I knew it was just business. You know, I was mad at the rocks, been trading them terrible ass Phoenix. But other than that, hey, I was excited as hell with Phoenix trading me to the Lakers. So it was, You know, that was, that was great for me. But I don't, I don't, I don't, I I think when you, when you look at, I think he got getting traded to OKC was a better situation for him. Yes. Because it wasn't, he wasn't gonna be the, the head of the snake. No. Never gonna be ka the Clippers. So he was never gonna be able to flourish. Yeah. So he, he put him in the perfect position, he got those picks and he got guys that, that came in. There was like a, You know, similar attitude sim similar to the way he is and he's been able to flourish because sometimes you guys can be great players but they, they getting held back by having to play behind this player, that player.


So that was perfect for him. And he was able to show everybody like, oh, and everybody's sitting back like, damn clips fucked up. But you gotta think about hold for Paul George and Paul George at the time was, Was all the NBA player. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. What you gonna say O Joe? I was gonna say, I was gonna say even, I mean even if he was there were Kauai you saying SJ wouldn't be able, wouldn't be able to be who he was just because he's paired with Kawhi. Yeah. He gotta be the guy. You see what happened, you see what they did, they got him and then they built around him. They were looking to build around Kawhi. He needs the ball. Yeah. Yeah. Because you, if you watch SGA, he, he, he, he has a lot of guys on his team that love him and they know what they exactly one do and they sit back and let him work.


You know, when you think about Kawhi, Kawhi is the guy, You know, even though you got James Harden over there, you, you don't never know what you're gonna get outta James. 'cause sometimes game James wanna shoot some games he doesn't. Right. But at the end of the day it's Kawhi and I, I think also that's why Paul George never really looked that good as a clip of little He did. We was a pacing because he was, You know, deferring to, and he, and this, You know, we forget sometimes Kauai is one of the best players in this game when he is healthy. Oh yeah. Yeah. And so it's hard not to defer to Kawhi. It's, and You know, Kawhi Kawai got there and here's the thing, Kawai said if you don't trade for Paul Georgia, I'm going to the Lakers. The last thing the Clipper could have.


You can't have Anthony Davis, LeBron James and Kawhi living on one team in that building Right. While you are in the basement. So they had no choice. So you do that and then you watch him and you're like, well damn, what could have been? But I don't know, I don't know if SGA would've developed into the player that he's become now had he been, had he been there? See he got an opportunity because the thing was is that you remember Rob, Chris Paul was there. Yep. So he got an opportunity to learn how to play the position From The point God Yeah. And He took off and he had to look back and now he's, You know, you can make a case.


He's top one top what best point guard in the league. He and Luca, who he and Luca battle out him, Luke and Steph. But it's hard to say. You gonna say there's another point guard is better than those three whoever's won. It's outta that. It's out of those three. Yeah. Right. Unless you want, unless you consider Steph a point guard. Stand Steph, Luca and Shay. Yeah, I mean I look at Steph, boy, the two, me personally, I look at Steph and James, I step that, You know, that can, that can pass. But there that, I guess because I, you grew up, we, we grew up in there where the point guard was Magic Johnson. The point guard was Isaiah Thomas. So You know, guys like that, that were true point guards.


They weren't trying to go get 30, 40 or 50. Yeah. These point guard today they tried to light you up for 40 or 50. They, there's like, no, you, you play, I will give you the ball when I can't shoot and you just be ready for me to kick it to you. That's one thing IIII only had a chance to play with Jason Kidd for two games when I was in Phoenix. Damn. And I, I've, you ain't Even have no coffee. I know. Hey, he, he had just got traded us. And, and, and the weird part is, I look at my career, high school, college, I never played with a true point guard for that. One moment. You should have seen me, man. I was hitting the lanes, getting lifts, looking up.


The ball was right where I wanted to catch it, man. I was like, and it goes to show you, if you've got a point guard, he's gonna make life so much better. Damn j Kid made, man, I was the two games man. I probably could have been all Star. Well, hey, Whatever you should, you should have behaved damn self kept that tower around your neck. Hey, Hey, I'll be only having two rings instead of stabbing then Hey, you knew, you knew it damn well how to get up out of Phoenix, didn't you? Oh yeah. You know what real park was? You know Danny Ains became the coach. You know, Danny Ains, I didn't like him from the moment I got there because Yeah. Rob you to get him as a chance. No, You know, we had just finished a tough series against Phoenix.


Okay. You remember when the inbound played when he rears back and hits Mario in the face of the ball Point blank Range. Yes, yes. You know Mario, my boy, me and Mario close and then me, we walking down, we get to things, we walking in the hall and Danny a says to Sam Ell and I like, You know, I hit Mario on the face with the ball on purpose. Right. He acted like it was a mistake. I'm like, man, fuck you. From that moment on, I never liked it. Okay. And he was just an assistant coach then. And then when Cotton stepped down, he became the head coach. And from that moment on, he was like, he was like, he didn't start me when he went back to Houston, he didn't play me. And then we traded away Michael Philly and AC Green and said, well you gonna get more minutes. My minutes went down.


And so I was hot man. I was like, 'cause I was in, we was in Boston and I had just made it three, got a dunk, got a steal, and I look over and he subbed me in the first three minutes of the game. I was, man, fuck you. I was hot man. So I was hot. So hey, they were gonna release me and I was gonna go back to Houston. I'm like, okay, you gonna release me? I'm going back to play Houston. But they cut, they, they, they send me to Lakers and The rest is, Lemme ask you a question. Have you seen Danny Angel? Angel? Have you had a conversation with Danny Angel since that moment? No. Last conversation I had with Danny Angel was after he said, oh, we, we trading you to LA for Sergio Azz and I probably just won you another championship.


That's what he said to me. That's the last conversation I had with him. He did, he three don't plan to talk to him. Don't wanna talk to him. Oh, Ocho yo, the nice blockbuster box boxing card was supposed to be the end. Oh yeah. With an official announcement. Ryan Garcia versus Devin Haney the rematch October. But Rolando Rolly Romero ripped up that script. Garcia lost in a stunner to Romero early after the early knockdown Romero claimed the WBA wel to wait title with the unanimous decision upset over Garcia at the Iconic Times Square in New York. Oh, Joe, what happened? Yeah, Man, listen, Ryan Garcia was supposed to win the fight.


He done a lot of talking. Obviously we saw what he did to Devin Haney last time they fought, he dominated Haney that in that, in that fight, obviously testing for an illegal substance, whatever it may have been. I think if he wasn't on the substance, I think he still may have won that fight based on the way he looked. But tonight they listen. Ryan Garcia, if you are a betting man, Ryan Garcia was your favorite to win the fight tonight against Rolly. But listen, Ryan Garcia landed more punches, but Romero getting knocked down and obviously winning the fight and getting the decision decision, it, to me, it, it was shocking. It was shocking to me because Rollie has somewhat of an awkward style of fighting. And to me, I think Ryan Garcia is the better pure boxer.


And I thought he would, he would probably win tonight, especially with that dangerous left hook that he has. But it, it didn't go that way. It didn't, it didn't go that way. Rollie had a good fight. Now I think Rollie now has a chance to actually fight Devin Haney. Yeah. And I think the rematch against Ryan Garcia is probably out the window because of this, because of this loss. Yeah, for sure. From Garcia. So, I mean, I'm excited, I'm excited. And Devin Haney looked a little different tonight. He looked very cautious after what happened to him when he fought Ryan Garcia. He was very cautious. He won the fight. He was on his bicycle a lot. Really counter-punching and throwing punches in his spurts and not, not being the, the, the, the fighter. He should be, at this point in his career, he wanted, he won the fight.


He, he didn't do it in, in, in the fashion. We'd like to see, especially if you're a Boxer fan like myself. So I really look forward to, to, to roll Romero and, and Deon Hanney getting in the ring. All right. It's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. All the shock call in 1999 says, question is, the real question is, can Rob Alinka build a team around Luca? Because he was good. He was in a good situation in Dallas when he left. And Rob has shown he can't build a team. Man, I said it this once and I'll say it again. If Luca stayed in Dallas, we would've been back in the finals.


We had a great squad this year. You think that's, you think that's true? Nah, I, i, I personally don't think it's true because I Think you, you, you caught a lightning in the bottle last year. Yes. And sometimes you Think you go, you can do a repeat. You know, you think about the way everybody on that team was playing, Kyrie, pj, You know, the bench was coming out playing exceptional. I don't think they had the same amount of juice. I think, You know, you, you think about if Minnesota doesn't switch, they go to the finals. You know, that's that one possession right there. And for me, I just don't think they had enough. It is, it's, and plus you look at the west, the west was too damn good.


You, you gonna find someone that's gonna beat you. What'd you think Ocho? Listen Rob talked about it earlier, them getting to the finals because of those bigs down there. Any mistakes Luca had, they were always there to, to counter that and to, to make up for it. I think at the Lakers, for in, in some kind of way we talked about it this season, them not having a big, hell get two bigs for that matter. That, that, that can help out in some, in some sh way form or fashion. And I, I think the Lakers will be, they, they'll be all right this upcoming season. Qualy reseller said, Yoki says he wants to play with Luca and LeBron. Can't Rob and JJ make that happen? No.


Nah. Hey, I don't know if you watch Joker on the bench and You know Mike Malone got fired, it's a lot of stuff going on. I know they can't do it. Right. But Yo, so there'd be, I wanna know. So which one? So, so if LeBron would have to wave his no trade and then I don't think Rob is gonna trade Luca to Denver because Denver damn sure not letting Yoki go because Yoki is lying to sign a three year, $222 million deal. Yeah. What that mean? He ain't going nowhere. Huh? If Joker say I, if Joker say I don't wanna be here no more, he don't wanna be here no more. Lemme ask You question. If Joker say send me to la, I wanna go to LA three years, two, you gotta who run?


Who run the league? Who run the league? The players. The players. Okay. There, there it is. Well watch, watch when he signed that the extension this year, three years of $221 million, that'll tell you that he's not going la And first you also have to think about if you Denver what you want, what, what do you want off the Lakers teams? Yeah. LeBron's gonna be, you got Yoic for at least another five years, you ain't gonna have LeBron like that. Yeah. And, and it is a difference if, You know the Lakers are KC and they got about 51st round picks they got like what one If That Right. So they gotta come up with something and I think what the, I, it's, it is kind of screw what the deal is now is you can only like, I don't know the technical terms to it, but when you got to match the money's up now it's not just like five players for one.


So it'd be kinda hard to trade them Jw Akron, Ocho you say you won't face a gorilla with 99 other men, but you'll face a human silverback at Octagon 1 0 1, he's gonna do the same thing to you. One punch. Yeah. I mean the fact that you, the fact that you're comparing a human being, a actual human being that puts his pants on and one leg at a time like I do, to assume back is the problem with society right now. That's the problem. You see somebody with side, you see somebody with strength, you see somebody that scares you with the naked eye and you get nervous. Come on man, this is me. I'm gonna beat the shit outta James Harrison, man. Stop. Stop trying me.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner, shadow Boxing. Up in the top right corner, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, pro bowler, all pro, Chad Ochocinco Johnson, and the guy that join us tonight. To recap the Golden State Warriors lose to the Houston Rocket on their home court, one 15 to 1 0 7. Thanks to a great effort by Shung Goon, Fred Van Fleet and off the bench. Got great minutes from Steven Adams. He was perfect from the field. These nine or 16 from the free throw line, the most free, made, free throw attempts in his career.


17 big points, five rebounds, three block shots of steel. He did some of everything in 31 minutes tonight and it helped the rockets force the game seven on their home court. So game seven Sunday rockets for a chance to advance to the semifinals. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you supporting the merch, night Nightcap. Whether you listen to us, whether you watch us, we greatly appreciate that because none of this is possible without you. So thank you for your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it and it's city or straight near you, order it. We ship it directly to your door.


Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out and go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media 84, look, the link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited, and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shesheamedia.com slash tour. The link is pinned in the chat. Our guest lineup is looking great. You guys don't wanna miss this, so if we're in a city near you, come on, check out your favorite Dunkin Ocho.


Get your tickets now. Thank you, Rob, for joining us tonight to break down this Rockets 1 15, 1 0 7, win over Golden State to force the game. Seven all the best. Stop back again soon, one time, will you. I'm here for you, brother. Appreciate you. Appreciate you, man. All right, Rob. Thank you guys, brother. Just tuning in tonight. We'll see you to tomorrow after the nuggets. Nugget. Oh yeah, nuggets and the clippers. That's a game seven also. Yeah, out The Volume.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh optive mega three lubricant eyedrops, a preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh. Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at all major retailers.