
What's good, it's Coleen Whit And Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Phone, thugs and Harmony, and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to Eating while Broke on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Presented by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie Haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart tlo Efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's VYVG rt.com/moa brought to to you by Argen X.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joah wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sports book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


That was our interview with Bobby Fink from early this morning. I'm glad we could do what we have been able to do. Help some of these athletes out. We got two big athletes tomorrow coming on ocho. What? Yeah, man. Yeah, yeah, Man ho. Alright, tell me who, tell me who, tell me Who, tell me who. Nah, it's gonna be a surprise. It's gonna be a surprise. Come, come on. But you Surprise. You supposed to surprise, surprise them. I'm your co-host. You ain't tell nobody. I promise. I Go You gonna know before everybody else because you gonna see them in the morning or in the morning. Yeah, but I wanna prepare, I wanna prepare, I wanna prepare for, for the, for the, for The no. Well, we, you, you work better when you don't prepare. No, we don't want you to prepare, but we really appreciate on your, you know, we, we appreciate them taking time because a lot, you know, they have obligations.


Obviously NBC carries it. Their first obligation is the NBC, but for them to take time outta their schedule and say yes, we'd love to come on Nightcap. We've reached out to a lot of people and it's hard because like I said, it's, it's One of the the time difference. Yes, the time difference. Excuse me, one of the gentlemen that's coming on tomorrow, he's like, look, I don't care what time it is, I'm coming on. Right. And so it's gonna be like 12 one in the morning and he's gonna be like, yeah, he's coming on. He's actually coming on live. And, and, and so that's, that's gonna be great. But we've been able to have, we've had a few athletes on, we've had Gabby Thomas, we have Bobby Finks. We're gonna have two other athletes that competed both of them. Medal one won a gold, the other one a bronze.


I, I'm gonna do everything in my power to try to get Ryan. I I I just hit him up a little while ago. I just DMed him. So I'm gonna try to get him on before we get outta here on Sunday. That would be great. I really like to have him on. We're gonna reach out, toss people, see if we can get our own. Yeah. It's a long shot. But the worst thing they can say is, no it's Not. It's nice. Not a long they gonna, they gonna do it. They gonna do It and so they gonna do It. Sha Shaki, We, we reached out to we, I mean she don't really do a whole lot. We reached out to her team, we reached out to Noah. Noah was gonna come on, but obviously with the Covid situation, he was unable. Right, right, right.


Yeah, he was actually, he was getting, he was gonna come on. Yep. So we had already, we had already had it, had it worked out. But unfortunately he got, he got Covid and he ended up, I I don't know if he left yet already or he's leaving, but we know how that story played out so out. But thank you for all everybody that's been on Justin Gatlin, Michael Johnson, Gabby Thomas, now Bobby Fink And. we got two two, possibly three more before we close. Nightcap the Olympic style edition going forward. Ocho check this out. Jason Tatums mom demands answers over his lack of team, team USS playing USA playing time.


Yeah. Jason Tatum was benched for the second time in team USA 95 9 1 Vic Semi victory over Serbia. Tatum's mom, Randy Cole wants to know why First Dick Vital tweeted someone please let me know, is at Jason Tatum zero injured and he hasn't received the plan and he hasn't received the plan time you would expect from an all NBA player to get Tatum's. Mom responded saying, no he's not. But if you find out what's going on, please let me know. Unacceptable makes no sense. Bob Coy also blasted Steve Kerr suggesting that he has some kind of bias against Celtics. Tatum is on the cover of Sports Illustrated this month, and any experts I've read lately have chosen Heaven's one of the top five players and sometimes number in the bleeping world.


Nobody said he's the number one player in the world. Bob, slow down. Ain't nobody said that. Ain't nobody said that. Not Kurt's telling the world. He doesn't agree in a 40 minute game, if you can find five minutes of play in time for somebody on the team without hurting yourself. When Kurt did last week, he was in no danger of losing the game. But in this case, they were down 17 points and he got to worry about losing the game and then not let Tatum get off the bench. To me there's a lot to, to some kind of bias that he has against the Celtics. And what I don't what, it has nothing to do with the goddamn Celtics. It had nothing to do with the Celtics. Did you see the game? Did people actually watch the game? I understand Jason Tatum in the accolades that he's accomplished.


I understand him being NBA number one NBA player all team. I understand you winning a championship. I understand that the style of the plays, the fact that we were losing the game by a lot. I think we were down by 17 at some point, if I'm not mistaken. I mean the core, the nucleus core of the players that we did have in that they were down with Jason Tatum going to come out, come off the bench and then bring us back. Is he was, is he going to be that dynamic of a player and hit all No, absolutely not. Even with what he's accomplished. So listen, we talked about it before and IIII asked you as well, is it possible for the K to keep everybody happy?


No. Is it possible? No, It's not. I mean, the only, the only people that you keep happy Ocho I think Derek White is extremely happy. He's on the team, right? I think Tyre Halliburton you the only way you can keep a guy happy, he has to be comfortable and he had to been comfortable playing that role. Derrick White has played all his career without the ball hol all his career without the ball. Halliburton like, well hell, okay, I ain't getting in front of Steph, I ain't getting in front of LeBron. They mainly handle the ball. That ain't happening. I'm cool. Okay. But for the most part, all these other guys need the ball. And so I think a lot of turnovers happen because Right, they try to play sometimes OCHO too unselfish.


Nah, bro. Right. Go and take that shot. Yes. I have a question then. Yes. How about this, your basketball and the game, your knowledge of the game of basketball is way better than mine during that 17 point deficit. Who do you sub out and put Jason Tatum in At that point? I'm Just, I'm being, I'm being honest. And Chad, that goes for y'all too. Who do you sub out during that 17 point deficit coming in the second half? Who do you sub out and put in? For me, honestly, Ocho I think sometimes coaches do get caught up in the moment and all the, and all they're thinking about, okay, my big guns, LeBron, kd, Steph, Joel, and B.


Because if you look at that game, Joel and B got hot, but then the down the stretch, LeBron Katie or Stealth, those were the only ones that scored and pretty much they were the only ones that touched the ball Took Over. And so at that point in time, Ocho I'm down. I'm like, I'm trying to find a combination and I think there's, and I think his mom, I think Bob Coy is saying, okay, you looking for combinations. Well, maybe he's one of the combinations that could have unlocked the lock. I'm just, you know, I I'm trying to see all sides. Right. I do understand sometimes you get, you get caught up in a situation and you just like, hey, I mean, and like I said, we showed you yesterday the minutes, those big guns logged heavy minutes.


Yes sir. Step, I think Step played 33 minutes. LeBron played 32 minutes book, played a a boat load of minutes. Even KD played a boat load of minutes off the bench. So I have a question. Yeah. What if we, how many, how many points did book have? So maybe Think Book had like four points. How many Points book have He didn't have that many. He didn't have that many. So how about, I mean, so Jason Tatum could have been in for book then? No, Maybe, but I, I think the thing is, if you look, look at those guys, they had to dig in ocho. So yeah, you look at the way they locked in defensively, you look at the Kevin Durant sitting in a chair fighting over pigs.


Not anything book was tenacious defensively, even Steph. And so I, I I just think that point in time, look, I'm, if I'm gonna go down, I'm going down with my big gun Swinging with, I'm going down with my big gun, I'm going down with Steph and I know everybody's gonna criticize me and say, how could you lose? But I'm losing with Steph Curry, I'm losing with LeBron James, I'm losing with Kevin Durant and I'm losing with Joellen be right now who that other piece is. But I'm losing with those four. That's on, thats on, that's on cur. That's on, That's on Curb on. I'm losing with those four. So if you go ad you put book, I can live with that. But I, those four guys are gonna pay the damn lion's share the minute in the fourth quarter.


It had nothing to do with no damn Celtics shit, right? No, hell no. Yeah. Okay. He just threw that in there. Okay. I mean, but here's the thing, Ocho, how about giving those other teeth? Look at what it's taken for us. It took us playing the three best players of this generation having the log heavy ass minutes just To be and Play, play Defense. And the play defense as well. Yeah. Every one of the, every one of team USA players is in the NBA. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, only two E Serbia players of their 12 players in the NBA. And it took Steph Curry going haywire. It took Kevin Durant not missing the shot in the fourth quarter.


Yeah. It took Joelle and B it took LeBron James and all of his greatness to win by four. Yeah. But I told you, I remember the first time they played Serbia, I said, oh, Joe, I was concerned Kevin Durant was seven or seven. LeBron James was five or five and they only had a 10 point lead. Lead. Yeah. Neither guy had missed a shot from the floor. Neither guy had missed a shot from a three. And you mean to tell me with perfection like that basically guys a 12 or 13 for 13 and and the guys are like eight for eight from the three point line. Yeah. And, we only got a 10 point lead. 10 Point lead. Yep. So I was concerned from the jump, The way Serbia came out, man, the beginning of that game.


I was like, man, wouldn't that they out, they, they out there shooting like they playing 2K, they wasn't missing nothing. And the fact that Curry finally had the game, we used to seeing him having the NBA but saved the day at the beginning of the game. If I don't have anything to lose ocho Okay. Nobody outside of Serbia expected him to win. So I can play free. Right. The heaviest thing you can care if you're an athlete is expectations. Expectations. Yeah. Kids That come from prominent families. The expectations. Because I expect you, I'm a lawyer. Your mom's a lawyer or a doctor. Your dad is this or your dad is that. And the kids, there's a black sheep, the disdain what they feel you are embarrassing this family.


Right. Expectations. If you a doctor, you know, a lot of times kids emulate, you know, my dad was a doctor, so I'm a doctor. My dad plays sports, I play sports, my mom did this. I'm gonna do that when you don't meet that. Mm. And what I have expectations for, see if you a fuck up your whole life, I ain't got expect, I expect you to end the prison. Right. You've been fucking up your whole life. But Right. Ocho when you've been a, a straight A student and all of a sudden and you do great things, you know, and then all of a sudden, you know, straight your bad look, you know, you get on drugs or something happens. Yeah. So the expectations that we have for sports basketball in the Olympics Yeah.


Versus what the others have. Serbia don't. Okay. Serbia don't win the gold medal. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody beating up a a yolk. Ain't nobody beating up Banovich. Ain't nobody beating up Hovi. Ain't nobody beating him up. Right. Let America don't come back with the gold medal. Oh yeah. It would've been hell boy. It would've been hell. It would've been hell No. I I know you said well, they were up 17, there's expectations. Yeah, of course. Well, you up 17, but you didn't have that expectation when you going into the game. You're like, oh, after you had already gotten beat by 20 points both times.


But I, Hey, look, I, I mean, as a parent, I could just imagine my son, how's he feel? My son, you know, my my son being mean. My my son is, is a damn good player. Now, I don't think anybody said Jason Tatum is the best player in the NBA. I don't even know if he's top three. I I don't, I don't know anybody that's putting him over Giannis or Yolk or Luca. I don't know if anybody's putting him over those three. Right. I think normally most of the time those three are guarded as the three best players in the NBA. Yes sir. On a given night, you know, Hey, it could be Steph, it could be kd, it could be Shay, it could be LeBron, it could be Ant, I mean Okay, toss it up. Okay. But I think for, for the most part, yolk Giannis Luca, I don't know if a, how a lot of people outside of Boston now, obviously Boston is gonna say he's better than Jordan.


He's better than LeBron. You ever been Kobe steal kd? That's what they gonna say. They gonna say he's better than Larry Bird and Russell. So I take what they say with a grain of salt. But with that being said, I'm, I'm sure it's frustrating for him. It's frustrating for his mom. Yeah. Because this is not what you envision. You wanna, you want. Yeah. Listen, you want to contribute in some kind of fashion. You do. Definitely. Definitely. Based, based on the kind of year that you've had so far. Not only when you win A NBA championship, now you get to represent your country in Paris at the Olympics. And you, and you haven't really been able to contribute the way you'd like. I mean, I said I I thought maybe it didn't bother him as much, but hearing the comments after you had to sit down the first time and that you told me about pride, you, you, you gave me that speech on pride and, and, and, and wanting to be a part of something special like this.


And then really not having any contribution if we wi when we do win gold. Yeah. I'm sure he'll probably come out and speak about it after, after the fact. Ocho when your parents, somebody close to you. Let's just say for the sake of argument, you and Rel was dating when you played in Cincinnati. Yeah. And Rel get on a pod and she go on somebody's show. Ah, I don't know what's going on. They ain't throwing, they ain't throwing Ocho the ball. What are people gonna think? Ocho? I'm, I'm telling her they ain't throwing me the ball. Pillow talking. Oh, snap. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. When would, that's A good one. When, tell me the time you've ever heard Jason Taylor's mom that's retweet or speak.


I ain't even know his mom's name. I ain't gonna even lie. Not to say that I know his dad's name, but I'm just saying, have you ever heard her retweet something or chime in? I didn't. I So it had to come from, I'm not, it had to, it had to, it had to come from somewhere. Maybe people from Boston, maybe people that know, know JT have heard Hert tweet or say something, but I never have. So this is kinda outta character. Right. Given the circumstance. That's what I say. I mean, if my sister, you hear my sister say something, you automatically know. People gonna assume, oh, that came from Shannon or my brother. So that's why I've always told athletes, one of the things I tell 'em, I say, be careful.


I say, because tell your friends and your family, they speak for you because even if you didn't say it, the masses will believe that you did. Did. Yeah. So it's tough. It, it, it, it, it's tough. It tough. You think cur you think cur would be forced to play him. Kevin Durant going into the star line up tomorrow. Why wouldn't he be He's coming off the bench. The rest of he been coming off the bench. So that just goes to show you them importance of this ball game. He might, he those guys, they, they might log 34 minutes. Yeah.


Listen, France is not the same. France is not as dangerous as Servings. They on home soil. They on home soil. Every dog fight hard in his backyard. They ain't got nobody shooting like them Serbians boy. I mean, you know, The Serbians didn't shoot like that before. They gotta against Americans. You know, every game is about matchups and personnel.


I know. That'd Be a good one. At what time they play, What time is that game? 1230 maybe 12 o'clock. 1230 out time. Okay. Wait. 8, 9, 10, 11. Yeah. 1230. It's three 30 your time. No. Oh, I got my flight to Vegas at 6:00 AM Oh, okay. Yes. 1230 here. Yeah. KD, Twitter, Fingers. Were ready to go after USA needed to come back when to be serving the Olympic semifinals, which led Nuggets fan bragging about Yolk at your knowing KD to all y'all Nuggets fans. Nobody gives a who, who y'all Lanes believe is the best player in the league.


Players got major respect for Yolk. We don't worship him like y'all do. Most of us are in arb. Brilliance trolling you corn balls for rooting against the U us trolling you corn balls for rooting against us is a part of the game. Deal with it. Let's talk about fan culture that's been created recently. A lot of huge egos who believe they're the reason for the advancement of the sport. A lot of idle worship, a lot of people hate and, and division based off wins and losses. A lot of disrespect of the work being put in by these incredible athletes, mostly by people who don't know what it takes to be good at anything besides talking. Go do something and get out the way K wasn't done. That's what y'all do.


Y'all clowns use players to push these corny agendas. Y'all got, this is the brotherhood fam you not part of it. It's a problem now. 'cause social media got you clowns walking around with your chest out like you mean something. You don't, your takes don't matter. I mean, listen, that's, that's what social media has done. Yes. Is get is given everyone a voice. It's given everyone a voice to, to state their opinion, to build narratives, to cheer for their fans, to tear down other players. I mean, it just, it it is what it is. It's the era we're in right now. But, you know, their takes, fans' takes really don't mean nothing. I think I like KD and the fact that he's one of the few players that chimes in.


He'll talk to you on Twitter and he'll clap back. Yeah. And clap back at you on Twitter. You know, many they do of our elite players like that are subdued. They, they, they don't talk much. You really don't have access to 'em. So to see KD engaging, whether it's positive or whether it's negative, I mean, it's, it is refreshing to see, especially for a super duper star like that, who's one of the greatest of all time honestly. To, to, to be engaging with us regular folk is cool. It's cool. Yeah. I mean it, that's, look, that's what social media has done. Yeah. It's turned you into a coach. It's turned you into a gm. It turns you into an ex athlete.


It's turned you into everybody has. I I can be this, I can be that Got no problem. Shit. But, but that's what it's done. You, you, you, you, you, you know, you, you a jailhouse lawyer. I mean, you know, you, you, you know your politician. I mean, it's given you the ability because if you, you got a couple of followers, you, it is giving you ability to voice your opinion. So you act the guy, I ain't got no problem. Listen, I can honestly say people that I don't like or I don't agree with what they say, I don't follow them. I've never gone and I can say never out and all and ever and never. I don't like using those. But I've never gone on somebody's page and just like try to insult them.


Right. But people do that. And then when you get light 'em up, oh, you wouldn't, would you talk to your mom like this? You not my mom, my mom wouldn't insult me. Oh, would you talk, would you talk to such and such? But such and such didn't insult me. You did. So I cut your ass up. Right, right. Oh, A at, at FS one. Is this your guy? He rep. Oh, he's not a very good representative. O-E-S-P-N. Nah, don't, don't no SPN and don't do no FS one. Now you didn't think about my job before. You insulted me. Now if I'm walking down the street, you wouldn't say, you wouldn't walk up to me and say what you did, what, what you said on I ig. But see, your thumbs are strong.


You got thumb muscles. Ah, I like it. Come on people. But they do. I like it though. I like it. I understand Ocho in this business, like people take it too far. Yeah. Just because I I say I like LeBron. That doesn't mean I hate KD or Steph or Luca. Are you Leonis? Right. But that's the way they take it, man. You don't eat pancakes. Why you don't like french toast? What? Damn. I like pancakes. I wanted pancakes. I ain't got no problem with french toast. I ain't got no problem with crepes. I ain't got no problem with Belgian waffles. Right. But see in their minds, if you like one, you saying you're dislike the other Liking the other.


Yeah. Oh, so you like Patrick Mahomes? What? Brady, you jealous of Brady? Because I like Patrick Mahomes. That's, that's creating the narrative. Yeah. I think every, everybody does that. I mean that every, everybody does that. Oh, You jealous. I'm like, I'm like, I okay if if that, if that's the stance that y'all wanna take. I Was like, for me, actually, I have more in common with Tom. Tom was a sixth round pick. I was a seventh round pick. Tom didn't play early on, got his opportunity, made the most of it. Right. Got my opportunity to play, made the most of it.


Why would I be jealous? Right. No, I, I'm happy for, I've had no problems. If you go back and check my rec resume, I ain't got no problem giving guys credit. Be it Gro, be it Antonio Gates, be it Gonzo being any of them. I ain't got no problem giving nobody no credit. You great. And when guys in NBA, I'm like, Hey, I'm not as great at what I did as what Kevin Durand is or whatever. And I'm okay with that. But you're fair, you're also When not when they don't play well. Yes. Yeah. But here's what people don't get is that when a lot of these athletes that I've been critical of, and a lot of these people, when they see me, they say, bro, you hard but you fail.


Yeah. You fair. Yeah. That's what they tell me in private. That's all I need. All y'all there, y'all yaking or you do this and you hating and you meet riding. All I know is when these guys see me and I've been critical of football players and basketball players. When they see me publicly, they pull me to the side and say, bro, you hard, but you fair. That's why IF with you. Yeah. That's all I need. Coaches, owners, general managers, owners. I've had owners. One thing I know about I love about you is that you do your homework.


Yeah. You be on. He like, I don't be knowing where you be getting your information from, but you be right on the money. Right. I see. I've seen owners and I walked by, I've said something and they'll walk by me and that's all I need. That's all I need because I've done this. And another thing y'all be in touch about Ash be telling Shannon that stuff. Y'all think he be knowing all that Ash don't be putting nothing in my ear. Right. Actually, Ash can't talk to me. Ash, when she wants me to to do something, she'll point to the iPad. But no guys, the reason, one of the reasons why I went on ESPN And, we normally have researchers.


The first week that I went on ESPN and I ended up getting the job with Skip. When Skip left and went to FS one, I didn't have a researcher. I did my own. They couldn't believe the knowledge that I had. I always felt all this useless information that I thought was useless. I knew it would come in at some point in time. Right. The knowledge that I have about track and field, the knowledge that I have about football, about basketball, about baseball and the history of the game, I was like, man, what if they ever created a show where I would have to use all my knowledge, not just a particular knowledge. Yes. I watch because I'm not on vacation, I'm not out partying.


So when things were going on, I'm watching. That's what I tell people. I'm glad I was born in 1968 because a lot of the stories that y'all be talking about, I saw it. I saw it. I go back to the 84 Olympics. I remember Bird and Magic in the NCA finals. I remember the first when it was tape delayed. Y'all, y'all can't get mad at my knowledge, can you? Damn. I thought y'all was light that. I know what I'm talking about. Right. At first man, he don't even know what he talking about. He ain't do that. Now I know what I'm talking about. Oh, he think he know it all. Damn. Oh. So how do I win? Everybody that knows me knows, and I've said this, my favorite sport to watch is track and field.


Yeah. It's my favorite. The world championship when stuff is coming on. Oh, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. Oh, I'm gonna watch it. I love it. I love the competition. I love the history of it. But I was like, well damn, I thought y'all would be like, damn damn be be on this game. Oh yeah, yeah. You, you, Oh that ninja. Think he know it all. I'm like, damn. I don't know. I don't know everything. Or Joe, I know a little bit about everything though. Yeah, yeah. See the, the way you, the way you know your knowledge of the game of basketball and your knowledge that the game of, of track and field is, I'm like that with soccer.


I Contain Information back, going back, going back in, going back in history. Yes. With soccer. Massey here talk about soccer for hours and hours and hours and hours. Different generations from different generations. And football a little bit. I can only go with football. I can go look, I can only go back so far. I can only go back so far. But see that's the thing, Ocho, what I've been able to do, I was able to retain information. That's what I can do really, really well. I can retain information. I'm a visual learner and the reason why I'm able to retain so much information is because I saw it. Yeah. I saw the 84 Olympics. I saw the Soul Olympics in Barcelona, in Atlanta. Atlanta.


I saw it in Athens and you know, in and in in Sydney. So I, I mean sitting in and then Athens so I can retain that information. Football and what happened in basketball and what happened in the history of it. If you seek, I retain information. I really do. A lot of it's, you know, my sister be and my Grammy's like, boy, boy, why you know that? I just, you don't think about it at the time, Ocho. Yeah. But you know. Yeah. I think for me, because my grandfather and my grandmother was such a big influence and I hung on everything that they said. I just retained it all.


I just, and you know, back then And, if you from the south, you know what I'm talking about. People didn't repeat themselves over and over. You better pay attention or they gonna knock hell at you. Yeah. First time Thunder. Next time Lightning. Alright. Okay. You ain't gotta tell me, but once, yeah, I'm missing it. I bought. Yes sir. No sir. Yes ma'am. No ma'am. Yes sir. No sir. But I just had the ability to retain a lot of information. Right. And hold it.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu. Plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest Booty Haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel leases. Work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals at earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Cape Cod chips, goldfish and Ferrero for family night entertaining. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


My brother-in-Law died suddenly and now my sister and her kids have to sell their home. That's why I told my husband we could not put off getting life insurance any longer. An agent offered us a 10 year, $500,000 policy for nearly $50 a month. Then we called select quote. Select quote found us identical coverage for only $19 a month. A savings of $369 a year. Whether you need a $500,000 policy or a $5 million policy, select quote could save you more than 50% on term life insurance. For your free quote, go to select quote.com. Select quote.com. That's select quote.com. Select quote, we shop you. Save full details on example policies at select quote.com/commercials,


Joel, and be suggests he could play for Cameroon, not the USA, the 2028 of Olympics And be said, it's been a good experience. It's been a grind being away from home and family for a few weeks. But the group of guys that we've made it easy, Paris is a great city. Next one is in la Excuse me, it might not be with team USA, it might be with Cameroon switching teams like that. Not so easy. According to the athletic, because he's suited up for the American, American side and international competition. You would need a waiver from both Beba and team USA to play from Ca Cameroon. I I, I don't, I don't think that's happening.


I don't think that's happening. You think, you think the booing, the booing has gotten to him in France? I mean nobody likes to get booed. I think the thing is Ocho like wouldn't you, you play a sport, you get it. Yeah. They only boot good players. Yeah. Yeah. Patriot fans are different. They like, Hey, 83, you suck, you sharp. I'm pretty good. I don't suck. He sucks you right. He does. Yeah. Since I'm next to him they throw me into it too. But you understand, don't you like, oh yeah, of course. Of course. When you play a fort and you boo, they don't boo the guy that ain't getting off the bitch.


I like it though. I mean, depending on you, depending on who you are, depending on how you built, you like it, you enjoy it. Yes. You, you really enjoy it. Nah, they don't do bad players. They don't really know. So Ocho Yeah. Carlos Yolo the gymnast representing Philippines who won the men's floor exercise. Yeah. And bought men's floor exercise and bought gold medals in Paris. Accused his mother of withdrawing prize money he had won from his bank account. She oversaw without telling him, my mother has access to my accounts, my monthly sports allowance. Carlos said on TikTok, my mother had access to my accounts and my monthly sports allowance.


When I finally got control of my accounts, I found out she had taken money out. Mm. Y'all do that to your kids? Yeah. Yeah. What most definitely. Come on, you gotta be a low ass. I don't know if this is true, but you gotta be a low ass parent to do some. Hey, You gotta be, you gotta think how many times this happens though. Not just sports, young, young actors, young actresses that don't have access to their money till they reach a certain age. It happens. What money is the root of all evil. Always. And and especially with family. Especially with family.


Boy, don't get me started on that man. You know, we, you know how that, you know how that card go? Many horror stories. Yeah. I mean Many horror stories. I couldn't even good, I couldn't even good conscience take money from my brother. My sister. Yeah. Sister. My kids, Matter of fact, when, when I'm, shoot, I had a, I had a stove and a washer and dryer in my name when I was an infant. Yeah. We get that ocho. But if you got your mom, your, your account and you got a million dollars in there and you like Yeah. All of a sudden you go back and you got 700,000 and ain't nobody but on that.


But you and your mom, man, you gonna feel some type of way Ocho Yeah. That, that that's her Home. Man. That's hurtful. And you know, you already, you already, you already anything she need and anything she needs, she, she good. That's hurtful. Who I remember them days. That's ocho I would rather you, I would don't steal from me. Right. I would just give it to you. Yeah. Anyway, I'm gonna give it to you and say okay, we can't, we can't be what we once were. Right. Moving on. That's okay. That's okay. Ojo. It's okay. Yeah. If it, if it means, if it means that much to you Right.


That you would like ruin the relationship that we have by stealing it. I'd rather give it to you. Let the relationship go and just like remember the good time because I can't remember if when you do something that de that deceitful and that bad to me, I'll never say anything bad about you is A, is a rap, huh? Yeah. Yeah. For sure. For sure. Yeah. You don't do people like that. I just, until I, I think, you know what, I've always had a praying grandmother, my sister, the praying sister. I've been very fortunate. I, and, and I'm not just talking about since I've been able to launch my media company and have a lot of other things going on In General.


In general. In general. In general. Yeah. But I think the thing that a lot of people don't see is that how I treat people in everyday life and what I do. And I think that's why I've been so blessed. Thanks. I think I, I really do O Joe I really do because I help a lot of people and don't respect anything back. Right. I know if matter if I give my, you think if I give my homeboy 25,000 bucks, I expected back how when he make 50,000, he makes 75. How the hell he gonna pay me back 25,000. Right. No, you good. The fact of the matter is that stuff that I've done, you know and on, nobody know.


But me and you, that's what that's for. Right? Yes sir. Certain things you just don't expect. But I don't, I I don't, I'm trying to think Ocho I think in the last 30 years I've only had one person pay me back when I've loaned the money once. Mm. And he didn't pay it back. All of us. I said man look here give me half and you keep half. And, and, and a Call it, even Call it, we call it even. Yeah. That's how, that's how operate man. My homeboy, my homeboy I man bucket. You hear me talk about bucket all the time. I was getting ready to get, get rid of my Range Rover. He looked at the blue. I said, man, you've been talking about this car for the longest time.


You want it, I sell it to you. He say, I said said Gimme 20,000. He like the blue book value on the car was 64,000. Right. And the reason why I sold it to him for 20, because I didn't want him to think, look at me like he a charity case. Mm. Because I don't look at my homeboys like that. They work, they're hardworking people. They got wives. And so I didn't want him to think, man here. I said as a matter of fact, and there's a warranty on the truck for another four years, so you ain't got nothing to worry about.


You Good. He's like, man, he's like man, you sure I, I said, you coming to get it or not. That's what I saying here. I said, you coming to get it or not. Right. I said, because hey, I'm gonna let it go back to the dealership. They gonna, because I was gonna get another, a new one. Right. I said they gonna gimme more than that, but I'll sell it to you for that bucket. I beat a buck Ocho the truck was like, I think four years old. You probably ain't had no miles on that bitch either. Bet I had 20, I had 19, 20,000 miles on it. Right. It was a supercharge. Yeah. Oh, you got oh you got oh you got that big boy.


Yeah, But I want, my own boy had a big boy too. Right. I Hit the pause. Right. Anything he got going on, he don't, like, a lot of times he don't like, he don't like tell me stuff that's going on. So I have to, you know, he'll slip up. Right. And I I I have by Accident. Yeah. He'll slip up. So I just have, I just take care of a lot of stuff on. Right. But that's, that's, but that's what, that's what for me, that's the best thing about having money. Yeah. Being able to help those around you. This stuff here. But you got, you got, you gotta be careful too. Now you gotta be careful like your, your immediate circle that you've known for a long time. Yeah.


You feel good about that? Oh yeah. You some people, you also have some people that use you. They'll use you and abuse you. Now you got, you got to watch out for them. You got be able to tell the difference between the two. Yeah. Hey look here ain't a whole lot of people around me. Yeah. Oh no. Oh no. Yeah. Listen, my, my circle, my circle been the same since I was the adolescent. No, been, been the same. I I don't do that. O Joe. Nope. Hey, he called me. Hey homeboy. Hey man, I'm coming. Hey, you good? Yeah. Super Bowl play all. Hey, I was like homeboy. Hey. He like man, because I was, I had tickets to Super Bowl, but he done been to all the games.


Right. I get him past and stand on the sideline. You know, anytime my homeboys come, they stand on the sideline. They ain't sitting in the stands. I'm Right, right, right now in Baltimore I had a, I had a suite. Me and Ray had a suite together, so. Right, right. You know all the fool up there, they stand up there. But when I was in Denver, Yeah. Oh, my homeboys on the sidelines. Ain't nobody sitting in the stands. Hey, they in the locker room. Hey, who? Who? Oh, they was Sha Okay. Hey, Mike would ask him like, who, who you like sha my homeboy. I was like, oh, okay, so which one are you, you, you Bucket? He like, yeah, Cole, you he start letting Yeah, I, yeah. Right, right, right. Yeah But oh no, no. My homeboys get Friday.


You know when they got pizza and chicken? Yeah. Man, my homeboys in the table. They eat before we get off the field. I take care. Hey, I'ma take care of mine. Yeah. My home bucket and burn. Yeah. Oh, That's Loud. Oh, Joe, check this out. Yeah. Browns and 49 ERs have agreed to send Brandon IU to Cleveland in exchange for Ma Cooper a second and a fifth brown pick problem is Whoa, whoa. Brandon, when is Happened? Brandon IU said no to the trade. He, he does not want to be in New England or Cleveland. Bro.


You want money or not? Well, new England, I, I understand the quarterback situation is a little iffy. Yeah. But Cleveland, how you turn that down? Ocho do you want money? Yeah, but also you want your, you don't want your production to fall. I think, I think I'll tell you what, you could get great production for 16 million or you can get crappy production for 30 million now. Which one you want on Joe? Yeah. I aint listen, ain't nothing. I would've been over there but Deshaun so quick. Thank you. Quick. So I, I Damn.


So so now, now what they gonna do? I don't know. I just don't think he, I don't think he gonna miss no checks though. Nah, man, man I can't, man, I ain't giving back no money. Ocho, I ain't, I ain't missing no practice boy. Oh, I missed practice. I ain't gonna lie. Ocho I missed practice because 90 my contract was up Ocho. Right, right, right, right, right, right. But also, I mean, I ain't never had to deal with this type of situation. Like, like it ain't, it's there's certain players where you just can't play this game. You can't play this game. He ain't got no choice but to open up your checkbook. Hey he, he ain't getting taxed because he's not getting fined because he hadn't signed, he hadn't signed his tender.


Right. But man, please, I wasn't missing no check. Right. I mean the 92 bucks Ocho I had, my contract was up and I had just made 73. So hell, I figured anything over a hundred thousand gonna be pretty good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. But the thing, the only reason I held out a little longer than, than what I, that I held out 92 was the Summer Olympics in Barcelona. I like, hold on, wait till the Olympics over. I get out there, I right there watching Summer Li Yeah I watched live for Christie with the hundred meters I watch. Hey, I watched the Quincy Watt. Yeah, I watched all that.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm getting all that Gail Divas win the hundred hit the last hurdle when the one 10. I watched all that on show. Yeah. And then I was so anxious to get back Ocho. I went out there, I was supposed to go by the general manager's office, sign, sign, and then you ain't gonna Practice, you ain't even gonna sign. You went straight to Practice, went straight to practice, went straight to practice. O like hey, so I'm, oh. So I'm dressed in everything. Right. And I guess he ra he radioed down and told him Mission. We hadn't seen Shannon yet. Uhuh. They were like, Shannon's here at practice. He's like, he can't practice. He hadn't signed Practice Un until you signed.


Yeah. So I'm out there for the morning practice, Ocho nah, you can't, you gotta go sign the contract and say we'll see you this afternoon. Like, oh man, Dang. But, but I loved it though Joe. That was, that was my, that's my dream. And I think the thing is that you could, you could tell guys that play football because they love it and they, you could tell guys to play football. They can make mix. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You can tell there's a difference. And usually one of 'em, one of them. At some point you get exposed. Now you get exposed. So when, once you get that big money, I mean, don't get me started.


You've seen it. You've seen it plenty of times. I have. You've Seen it plenty of times. Caleb Williams is on the Tom Brady TV 12 diet. He can no longer eat dairy, milk, cheese, yogurt or ice cream. No beards, wine or any alcohol beverage bacon. What? Hey, Hey, you got something? You already got something lined up for me. Right. I Got you. You know we gonna play that shy uncle niece role. You know what I'm saying? That you already Know I got you. I I got you. I Didn't Invite old people. That's my shy uncle. He Ain't coming where I'm coming Ocho.


I just Got back in town. What you say? What re say? She Just got, she just just flew in. Oh, Okay. He can't, he can't eat bacon, sausage, deli meat, red meat shouldn't be avoided. Right, man. What about pepperoni? Man, they, they, Hey listen, I don't need anything to start with pork, pork chop, pork loin. You know I don't eat nothing like that. What about bacon and pepperoni? Listen, I, oh come on now. I mean I'm in the, I'm in the Muslim reserves OCHO one weekend out the month and two weeks out. Y'all don't eat no pork. Hey, Brand pasta cereal, baked goods, can't eat that.


Prepackaged snacks. Chip cookies can't eat that. White sugar Hot fuck tr food tr corn syrup, refined sugars. Can't eat that cake. Pastries. Candies can't eat that. Wheat. Fried barley can't eat that. Tomatoes, eggplant peppers, potatoes can't eat that. Bean lentil chickpeas, soy products can't eat that. Canola oil. Soybean oil. Refined. Refined vegetable oil. Can't eat that. Trans fat or hydrated oils can't eat that coffee. Caffeinated tea, energy drinks can't drink that. Packaged fruit juice. Certain, certain fruits can't eat or drink that table. Salt can't eat that. MSG can't do that.


The two have been in touch and Brady has become a close mentor of Williams. So what can he eat It? See like the only thing he could eat is hoohaw. Listen, Everything else he can Mant to stay on to, to stay on. Man, I I think it's, I mean its, it is, to me it's a bit extreme. You do what works for you. Yeah. If, if it worked for Tom, it doesn't necessarily mean it's gonna work for you. Following his diet is one thing. But there's certain intangibles, there's certain intangibles that Tom has that can be taught that he had to play the, the position to play the quarterback position.


And I mean, you know, your intake and what you consume, I mean whatever. If, if, if you think it's going to make you play, play better or, or you think it's going to make you win six, seven Super Bowls. I mean so be it. But I mean to me that's, that's, that's absolutely fucking ridiculous. Yeah. I mean that's a lot of stuff on there. The ocho you know me a man, my dad was, was jam packed. I ate, everything was packaged. I ate X amount for breakfast, X amount for lunch, X amount for dinner, blah, blah, blah. But man, all this stuff here, man. Y'all lost y'all damn mind. Think I'm not Finn to eat some of this stuff. Wait, I can't see. Can you see me? Yeah, Yeah. Hold on.


I, I done messed up something. Hold on. I don't know my eyes. Oh there you go. There you go. There go. I messed up. Oh bad. You had hair all of a sudden. No. Cho maybe was something. Nah, I hit, you know, I hit something on the computer and, and it went back to the, to the home screen. Yeah. I, I don't know what, I don't know where, so I mean, so basically the only thing he could eat is like fish, chicken, Turkey, I guess broccoli, asparagus. Damn. I just, IIII understand. But come on now.


I know, I know he's the greatest quarterback of all time, but it ain't got nothing to do with what he ate. There's certain intangibles, certain qualities. It's, I Think it, it, it might have had something to do why he was able to play so long. But Tom Brady. Yeah, he, they gonna make you throw the ball accurate. No, not at all. It might help you ocho ward off some of the injuries you'll be able to recover faster, faster. But Tom Brady's ability to process information and to nobody go in that football and to be able to, to retain information for 20 plus years. That's what it is. That's all that's, that's all it What it is. But I mean, hey Ojo, if he, but you know, the mind is is is a, is a powerful thing now.


Yeah. Oh it is. You. It is. If he believed it's gonna help him Yeah, It's going to help him. Yeah. I like it. I like it.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu Plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep, sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow breathable organic cotton and moisture. Wicking Joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Cape Cod chips, goldfish and Ferrero for family Night entertaining. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in-store or online for Easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


My brother-in-Law died suddenly and now my sister and her kids have to sell their home. That's why I told my husband we could not put off getting life insurance any longer. An agent offered us a 10 year, $500,000 policy for nearly $50 a month. Then we called Select quote, select quote found us identical coverage for only $19 a month, a savings of $369 a year. Whether you need a $500,000 policy or a $5 million policy, select quote could save you more than 50% on term life insurance. For your Free quote, go to select quote.com. Select quote.com. That's select quote.com. Select quote. We shop you. Save full details on example policies at select quote.com/commercials.


Ocho not time for our last segment of the day. And it's called Q and a. Q and a Q and a. Lainey. Ray said, I've been watching breaking, I've been watching Breaking Today. Break dancing, man. Lemme fix you Love the new event. Did you guys bust out the cardboard break? Dance back in the day? Ocho, are you gonna challenge American breakers or like who are your tr challenging runners and swimmers? Oh, Cho, the Japanese we invented break dancing. And. we didn't even win the first goal. The Japanese goal won. Yeah. I mean, they, they listen. I, I haven't seen break dancing in so long, in so long, and I haven't seen anyone actually break dancing in so long.


I mean, we gotta get, we gotta prepare. We have to prepare and train for that breakdown. What's the last movie? What's the last movie? What's the last what's the break? Dance movie from a long time ago. From the eighties. Eighties. You remember? Yeah. Oh, you got colors. You got, what was that one with a Shaul Boo Blue Shrimp. I think I, I can't remember. I can't remember the name of the, you Know, had the Cru you had the Rumpy movie in the two thousands. You had, you had before. What was that movie with B2 K in it. Okay. With with the Bar on him. Step Up. Is it Step Up or No, before that it's about a real break dance movie.


I forgot the name of it. You got third, you got served? No. That's old and no, that ain't no no, no. How old you think, how old you think break Dancing is? I mean, I'm, yeah, this the movie I'm talking about from the eighties. I mean, it's just break dancing, that's all it was. Break Dance. You think that's the name of the movie? Yeah, The movie. Eighties movie. Wasn't it called Break, break, break Dance. Would y'all about Chapa Do and Boogaloo Shrimp. That's the name of a break. Dance. Electric. Electric Boogaloo. I think that might be it right there. Electric Boogaloo. That's the last time I seen break Dancing. That's the only reason we didn't go. Oh. Crush Groove.


That might, that might have been it. I don't know. I don't remember, Man. How we, I remember how we invent something. I tell you what. They better not, they better not put cornhole in there in 2028. And, we lose. Listen, I bet we win gold in break dancing in 2028. Now that we know And we can practice for the next four years, years. They, they been knew that breaking was gonna be in the Olympics. So what the hell they were doing then. Oh, you think so? Yeah. I, hell, I ain't, I ain't even know until the what, three weeks before the Olympics. You ain't no breaker. So you didn't need to know. I, I used to be Don't do that.


I used to be. Damn. It's all good. How they do that to us. It's all good. It ain't no all good. How we gonna lose up? We invented. I mean we winning in all the other things we didn't invent. We Ain't win badminton. We ain't won table tennis. Hey, table tennis. Young, young bull. Young bull from China. The real deal boy. Man, you see the, you see them kids? I watched that. I watched that. I watched that gold medal game. Huh? You see them kids practicing? Oh yeah. Man, them kids can barely see over the table and Crazy.


I feel. Oh, your hand, your hand eye coordination has to be on point. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Dr. Shannon. Sharpe. I said it once. I've said it again one day. Some university is going to give unc honorary doctor for his work in this business. Mic drop, watch and see. Well doc, doc, I appreciate that. I just think it's to try to be hopefully help people that can't help themselves be a beacon to let people see what is possible.


A lot of times, you know what I tell people Ocho Yeah. People think it's smart. People think it's this, it's that. You know, the biggest key to success in business relationships, Very important. You never know. You don't need somebody. You can't burn, don't burn no bridges. You never know. The toes you step on today might be on the foot connected to the leg that leads to the butt you kiss tomorrow. Careful How you treat people. Yeah. Careful how you talk to people. You never know. You never ever know.


Yeah. My, that was one thing ever since I was a little bitty boy. My grandmother say, son, be careful how you treat people because you'll never know who you'll ask to hang you your last glass of water. Hmm. That stuck with me. I mean, I probably could have been no more than about six or seven when she said that the very first time. And that stuck with me. It doesn't matter. You the CEO, I mean, hey. Yeah. Ask anybody see it. Go ask anybody that worked at Fox or worked at CBSI treat everybody the same. Whether you was Eric Shanks, whether you was Sean McManus, you was security, you was a runner.


I believe everybody deserves a certain level of respect. Right. Regardless of their job description. That's just the way I'm, everybody might not feel that way. Might not be that way, but hey, that's how I am. I'm, I give everybody a certain level of respect. You ain't gotta respect me, just not gonna let you disrespect me. Right. And then when the disrespect comes, I just move away. That was it. And it's okay. I don't want anything bad to happen to you. I don't wanna see you go down. We just knows that I'm at a different table than you and hey, you got your table, you eat. I want you to eat as much as you can.


It's just that you and I not gonna eat at the same table again. Right. That's all I'm saying. But nah. Comedian Romeo Max said, can you wish my mother a happy 63rd birthday? Her name is Celine Scurry. She loves Ocho. I'm trying to challenge you ahead of fellow sco live in Atlanta August 27th. I'm pretty pleased with Shaka on top. Romeo, tell tell your mom happy birthday. Happy birthday, happy Celine your son Romeo. Wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Hopefully you enjoy your day. Hopefully you had a lot, got a lot of birthday cakes. You got a lot of gifts presents.


But you know what the birth, the best gift is life. Yeah. You saw a day you had never ever seen before. And you know what, someone didn't get an opportunity that you got today. So hopefully you are enjoying your day. You start surrounded by loved ones and friends and family and enjoy your day Romeo. See you at a TL. Yes, sir. Nelly Bella said you should start a business making personal announcement for people. You always give people spirits. I mean, it ain't that hard o Joe to be nice to people. Oh yeah. That's easy. Give people, give people the level of respect. I mean, I mean I I think it comes from when I was like, when I do the intro all night, when I club Shehe.


Right. You know, and I, I I read through the ac read through the accolades. That's the moment. I want people to know what you've done, how great you've been at your given craft. Right. I don't think it takes anything to, to do that. To, to give people, you know, you study, you research, people want their praise. People say they don't want validation, but I I want Yeah, they do. You do. They do. Of course you do. Ke Norwood Jr. Asked who is the greatest r and b singer of all time, Of all time.


I mean, is he RB Marvin Gaye? Is he R&b? Not Bobby Brown said he was. Hey, I'm, I'm just saying. Bobby Said, I mean the, the does Marvin Gaye count. Marvin Gaye might be up There. I'm go. I mean, I'm gonna go, I would go. I would have to go by. I mean, you have to look at Marvin Gaye. Yeah. You'd have to look at Luther. You'd have to look at Barry. There's so many man. Look at Teddy. Pete's, too many Donnie Hathaway, Donna Hadaway. I mean, there's too many. It's too, it's too many. And they made too much. The music back then was so good. Yeah. And still resonates today.


Too many, too many. RB many RB saying he was having On people, people like him. They might not have liked what he's done. Right. R Kelly, you got Usher. Yeah. It just, I like them old them, them old school, them old schoolers. You just called man. Can't be touched. I love, I love today's era. And do we, do we count Stevie? I don't know. Do we count Stevie Wonder? Our rb Stevie Wonder. You got baby face? Ooh, that's another good one. But it Was some heavy hitters back then. Boy, the music was different. That has a, they had some heavy was different. It was different.


Had meaning. Ain't nobody mentioned no hoo-ha. Ain't nobody talked about no p No. They were just talking about, hey, you know, Hey said he wanted to turn out the light. That's all wanted to do. He said, can't we take a shower? A shower together? Together? He just wanted to put some hot all on you baby. Listen, he watched TV till TV went off. Oh, that's Lenny Williams. Lenny. You know how you know what kind of pain you gotta be in to watch TV till TV went off? Yes. And you tell your homeboy you don't know what it's like to be in love. Yeah. You told him, he said maybe you've never been in love. Like I've been in love. You've not been in love. No. Maybe You've never felt what I've felt. I come on, but this is what I told him.


Yeah. You know, sometimes, come on man. You know, sometimes it get lonely. Oh, Come on now. That lady, he hit the 14 times. Funny. Listen, the the music back then you could feel the fucking pain they went through in the music. Yeah. Like if you sit there and listen to it, man did, man. She really did it. Not on Buddy, man. Oh Yes, she had it. That what Love. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Hurt. Yeah. Well you got the Billy re you the make music like that. You really gotta go through the ringer, man. Yeah. I I don't think James Brown r and b.


No, that's, that's, that's more, That's Souls. Yeah. The Guy. Yeah. He got, he they call him the godfather of Soul. A Soul. Yeah. Man, that's a good one. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You had pbo, you had Freddie Jackson. Oh, I forgot about people. Bryson. Oh yeah, we had some, they they had some heavy hitters back there. I mean, heavy, heavy hips. Boy, man, I know what I'm finna listen to tonight. What you listen to. I was about to say Curtis May. Oh Dick Curtis Mayfield H Fool Hold. Didn't he marry Sam Cook? Sam. He and Sam Cooke with friend. And didn't he marry Sam Cook too?


Oh man. Oh, that Sam, Sam was different too. Sam was Too many. Yeah. Cassie said Unc Ocho. What's the craziest thing someone said to you from the sidelines or from the crowd when you are in the middle of a game? Much love from Vegas, From, damn, I can't remember none of that back then. I Mean, they say I, they say so. Got some, every goddamn thing cussing me out. You know what I think Coach my, My favorite, my my favorite thing and not even favorite. The funny thing opposing fans weren't even mean. Remember I remember when I jumped in the dog pound. Yeah. And they shoved your ass, wrapped back up outta the whole bill.


They, They pulled me in and shut. Man. They man, my entire, you know, I don't drink nothing. My entire uniform was just smelled like beer, beer, Beer. You stink The rest of the game. Oh man, You know what? I don't, you know what? I think the thing is, for the most part, people are kind of like, I don't know what it is, but I think a lot of fans realize that I can't be the NFL player. I don't know what makes them think they can be the basketball player or baseball player because they say some ridiculous stuff to basketball if, if baseball players. But I think they look like, Hmm.


Unless it's the point or the kicker. I probably can't do, I probably can't do nothing with any of them. I I definitely ain't gonna do nothing with the the D line. The only, no. Maybe the quarterback. Maybe I could be, maybe I could be the quarter. As long as the quarterback ain't came. Yeah. Some quarterbacks man, shoot, Load, load. The quarterback ain't care. Ocho, they might have a chance, but you ain't doing that with, I mean No man. Quarterbacks today are rag. All some of these civilians, man. For sure. Rag, do Ronell Williams. Unc please bring Ocho to Twisted Waffle when y'all come to New Orleans in 2025.


I look forward to seeing you in the Big Easy. Yeah, that's where we went. The Twisted, that was the name of that place. The Twisted Waffle. Then they had all the waffles. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good place. They'd have some good waffles. Ash. Ash should be there. Waffle Ash is, she don't remember this, but y'all remember the commercial, the life commercial with Mikey. Mikey tried little Mikey, you Remember Little Mikey? Mikey, Mike, Ashley is Mikey. There ain't anything. Ash will not try and she won't eat. Right. Little Mikey, but Just like she do it, she got like little piece, like you shoulda just got a big old, a big fork.


Full words. You done got like five Fork Fools. Now I'm like, man, please. I remember that commercial. They, they like, they look at Keith Sweat. That's another good one. Oh, Chris Brown. Yeah. I, I, you know what? Don't your, I You can't even, you can't, you can't pick one because it's too, it's too many. Yeah. I mean people, I mean if you, if you put, if you put a gun in most people head, people probably not gonna get past Marvin Gaye too much. I think. Marvin. Yeah, I think Mar it might be close, but I think when it's all said and done, I think Marvin Gaye, I think Marvin Gaye would win Over Teddy P.


Yeah, I do. Ooh, them boys made some music, man. Yeah. God. I mean, you got the Isley Brothers and you got, you know, you got Luther, you got Teddy P, you got Barry White, you got Marvin Gaye, you know you got Baby Fame, you got Keith Sweat. Forgot. You forgot Gerald Levert, Gerald Levert, usher, Donnie Hathaway, Chris Ry or Kelly. Oh, too many. Oh, I got, I got one for you right now. It Al Green. Okay. Who you got? I got one for you. Who you got, you don't nothing about this, you don't, nothing about no Da Dave Hollister. I do know Dave Hollister.


Yeah. Come on there. Yeah. I'm gonna take you back Music Soulchild. Okay. Yeah. Wait, is that Soul Child RB? Yeah. He's RB right? Yeah. Okay, man, stop playing. Remember you remember, you remember, you remember Coffee Brown? You remember the group Coffee Brown? I don't What about, golly, what's the name of that group, man? Oh my god. What's the name of that man? Yo, Joe. What's the guy that you said you wanted Co? Oh, I meant to tell you. Huh? He watches the show.


He told me to tell you What's up, Coleman Dominguez. Yo. For real? I did. Hey, I Saw, I saw him in the airport. Hey, Cole. What's up, baby? Yeah, yeah. Oh, Joe, I got, I, I gotta tell you this story. So you know Hoho go back to the nail shop? Yeah. Oh, the same one, Same nail shop. Hey, I go in the nail shop, dude, standing by the counter. Shut up. What's up my man? The Asian dude, he don't choke. Right, right. Yeah. What's up bro? He said, bro, he said Club sha.


Hey, hey, LBJ is where it's at. I'm looking at him. Yeah, you Jordan looking at me. That's how I'm looking at him. He like, Hey, yeah, can we get a picture? Said, man, lemme get my nails done. Lemme get my feet done. Right. Oh man, it, it, it, it's, it's crazy though. Funny. He's crazy, man. That's funny. Oh, he came with that thing, man. I'm like, bro, he were lit. Yes. He behind the counter. So when I walk in the door, he's like, Shana, what's up my man club shake. Yeah, you famous. Now anytime you cross over there, you, you famous. Ah, man, I was laughing man. I said, oh man.


Okay bro, we good Ocho that concludes Nightcap for Friday. We back tomorrow guys. Three o'clock. Three o'clock tomorrow. Ocho remember we got two, at least two, possibly three guests. But we have two confirm. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every podcast subscriber counts and this is why you helped us reach the top. Please make sure you check out My Shaa by La Poitier.


We have it back in stock and we're taking orders now. Please go follow my media company pages on all platform. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. 84 spelled out the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Thank you. Bobby Fink, the gold medal winning world record setting. 1500 meter swimmer for the men. He set the record. He saved the men's swim team from a lot of embarrassment. They're still embarrassed, but they did get a goal. They weren't shut out. The US Women Cruise Pass Australia and will play in their eighth consecutive Olympic gold medal game. They'll face host country France, as the men will do tomorrow.


The women, the women's four by 100 meter relay team, anchored by Shaka Richardson wins the gold medal. Melissa Jefferson handed to TT Terry, who handed to Gabby Thomas, who's handed to Shaka and Shaka did what she needed to do to bring the goal home. So there's that. And so with that being said, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap Olympic Edition. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame artery, the legendary, the pro bowler, the all pro Samo Juco Liberty City's zone. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And I'm out The Volume


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Quaker International Delight, ocos Lalo, Starbucks, and Frosted Flakes for quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Be love with every heartbeat and every piece of Pandora jewelry. Let love shine on your favorite bracelets, necklaces, earrings and rings. Or create a style that's all your own, with a unique mix of lovingly crafted charms, from big feelings to small messages and everything in between. Love is at the heart of it all. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today. Find a store near you or shop online@pandora.net.