
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon, Music, or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music, music to podcast fast shipping? What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of. With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


The Volume NFL playoffs we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ocho URA Sanders commented on his dad's involvement in his life and his career. Let's take a look at what he had to say. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I ain't know, I ain't know your parents, you know, being involved and wanting the best for you throw. Right. I think his parents, each and every one will the best for their kids. So the fact that he has an opportunity to do that formula and he has the best quarterback in the country, he's supposed to do that. Yeah. Talk. You Talk. Did you see how they do you see how they do what on Joe? You see how they do? Yep. Now the killers, if we create homes and you're not there, right. Time is created a situation. Even as he divorced their mom, the the kid's mom, he was always hands on.


Always. He never stopped being dad first and foremost. He prioritized everything around his kid's schedule. Hey, I used to call him, Hey man, I got, Hey, I gotta go pick up the kids. I gotta go to practice. Even when the hall, everything was around the kid. Yeah. He's always been in his kids' life. We should, we should applaud that. We should commend him, but that's not what we do. Oh man. He tried to run the kids. How you do realize who he, who his dad is. He ain't gotta live his life through his kids. That's time. Yes. He's arguably one of the two or three greatest athletes to ever to ever live.


Yeah. Yeah. He ain't gotta live his life through Shadur. Yeah. He, I'll tell you what he does though. He want the absolute best for Chador. Absolutely. And he going do everything he possibly can like we all do to put our kids in situations where they can succeed. Yeah. And when we got money Ocho, if our kids can't get a scholarship, what we do, we pay for them to go to school. Yeah. We put them in pro, we put them in the best situation because we were, we've been afforded an opportunity the means to be able to do that because we want who in the hell won't work for their kids than what they had. I'm confused. Yeah. And I I and I'm glad Should do say that. I'm glad he said that. I I didn't know that was a problem. Yeah.


That your parents in your life and they want what's best for you. Yeah. It, it, it just shouldn't be a problem. But obviously know the media has to come up with some type of narrative. They have to come up with something because they don't do it for any other quarterbacks. No. Hold On. Hold. Lemme, they didn't do it for Peyton Manning. Did they say anything about, did they say in Eli, did they say anything about being around? Come on now. They they didn't, they didn't do that to them. You know, and I'm not, I'm not just, I'm, I'm just saying in generalists, the only example I can think of, especially at the quarterback position that's as prominent and more of a public, that's a public figure similar to that of Deon Sanders and Chador. That's the only example I can think of. But they, they didn't do, they didn't do that to them. You know, But I mean, I mean, what LaVar was able to do for his boys.


I laugh at LA Bar because he was funny because he used to come on to us all, all the time. Oh yeah. But he sincerely cared about those boys. Yes sir. You talk about a man that's married, that had been married 30 plus years, married his college sweetheart. I remember him telling the story like, Hey, I said, man, how you know, I think her name is Tina. Teddy, take your Teddy. Come here. Come here. I went, well Hall Haul ass did you took off. Tina came here and looked around and said, y'all ain't got nothing going on. I said, I said, I said LA Bar. I said Bar, how you know Tina was the one? He's like, I ain't know.


He said, I ain't know what I was gonna do and, but I said I wanna do it with you. Oh, I like that. Here. Come on, get up here. Come on, get up here. Why shall I put you in the bed? Oh, Why shall I ain put you in the bed? Why shall I put you in the bed? You supposed to bed in at the bed? No, it's actually you got, you got 15 more minutes. You got 15 more minutes, bro. And then you gotta go to bed. Okay. 15 more minutes. What? This joke here, come on.


Let's go. Come on. Hold on. Joke. Go ahead. Come on. Let's go, Jack. I forgot what I was talking about. Chad. Chad. Who y'all got tomorrow? Huh? Eagles Commanders talk to me. Eagles commanders. You really can't, honestly, you, you really can't go wrong. You can't go wrong. I know we have some Eagles fans in the chat. I know we have some Commanders fans, Eagles, I, you know, I love my Eagles. I love my Eagles. You know, I'm in Philly every Tuesday, So you know how I feel about the Eagles Commanders fans. It's been a very long time. I think 33 years since you've been in the NFC Championship.


I think my numbers might might be right, might be off a little bit. But you gotta be feeling good about tomorrow. You have to be feeling good just based on the product that's been on the field and what Jayden Daniels has been able to display for you guys, you know, for this season. You know, and not having adequate quarterback play a consistent quarterback play, you know, of, of this manner. You finally have a quarterback that gives you hope again, similar to what RG three did. You know when he, when he came in and he played as well. So I'm excited for that game tomorrow. But for me, the bills and chiefs, that's gonna be a good one. That's gonna be a good one.


The bills can't beat themselves. The bills cannot beat themselves. You know, because I don't think Mahomes is gonna make any mistakes. I think Josh Allen has to play the exact same way. Josh Allen has to play the exact same way. We call him Superman sometimes. And based on some of the things that he's able to do, he has to put on that cape tomorrow and not turn the ball over. You got to beat Mahome. Yeah, Ocho yeah. I'm gonna disagree with you. I don't believe he has to be Superman. Disagree. Huh? You gonna disagree with me?


Yeah, because I don't think he has to be Superman. I just think he could be car as long as he don't turn the ball over. Yeah, because look at him last. He won Superman last week. No, He didn't even have that good of a game. Don though. He threw for 127 yards. That I Yeah. Yeah. But what didn't he do? He didn't turn the ball over. And that's what I said too, right before when you sat down, I said, well, I would like him to be Superman and take the game over. If the team, if the, if the team, if they put the ball in his hands, I need you to do everything. I need you to run it. I need you to throw it, but I don't need, I need you not to turn the ball over. Because not only you be, you gonna pay double for it. Not only, especially with the chiefs, they getting some points outta something.


Oh, Joe, whether it be seven or whether it be three, they gonna get, so like Zel say we leaving with something, Get to the fourth quarter, all Josh Allen get us to the fourth quarter. Right. With a chance to win the game. That's all I need. Five minutes. Five minutes. That's all I need. Right. Don't let it be, don't let it be with five minutes. And the chief's up 14, they up 10 a one possession. That's all, that's, that's all he needs. And then trust it because anything third and short, fourth and short, he got he fourth and short. He got the legs to get you outta harm's way. Oh yeah. But if you turn the ball over, you get that crowded.


Let's keep the crowd at bay for as long as we possibly can on Joe. Right. Let's keep that crowd in Kansas City. Now that's the loudest stadium. They're gonna be 80,000 and they're gonna be in red. Keep 'em at bay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. That the fan. So who you got? Who you got? Who you got tomorrow? Man, I can't pick Buffalo because they beat the, they beat my team. Oh, So you Would you beat my team? I'll pick it against you. They beat both of my teams. Oh, okay. Well Who, but I do think, but look, my my, my heads say Kansas City, my heart say Buffalo.


Buffalo beat both of my teams. So I, I guess I'm supposed, I'm supposed to pick Buffalo, but it's just, man, it's just hard to pick against my homeboy. Yeah. He's been there, he's done that. And he, because think about ocho, they've gone eight games, eight consecutive games. Zero turnovers. Yeah. That's an NFL record. That's the thing you look at, you look at when they lost at Buffalo, I mean, excuse me, when they lost to Cincinnati, right. Two. Yeah. And Buffalo capitalized on them Eight Games. It's gonna be hard to beat 'em if they, it's gonna be hard for Buffalo to beat 'em if they don't turn the ball over.


Right. They got, they, they got to somehow coax Mahomes into turning the ball over. I'm going with Philly. I'm going with Philly in, in the, in the, the first game. Yeah. I think they play, I think they played, they the first game. Philly in Washington. Well, what's happening? Three o'clock game kind Game. I think three and six Can't wait. Yeah. Three and six. Three at six 30. So that means we're gonna probably be on round eight 30, almost nine o'clock. I can't wait. Ocho yo The bills offensive Tacklers Dion Dawkins wants an Offensive Lineman of the Year award.


Let's take a listen to what he had to say. I Died being for an Individual that is a part of this league to be able to get an award for being great. And I'll circle back on, you know, offensive linemen don't have awards for being great. You know, there's not a protector of the year award. I'm knocking at so many doors now to get this award going. And I'm gonna head spear and make sure that this gets done before I'm done playing. Because there's so many greats, there's so many greats. And if we have great quarterbacks, we have great run backs, we have rush titles, we have quarterback passing titles. All those titles are reflections of the old violent, which are the protectors and soon to come.


But yeah, I'm glad that the, that our ma McDermott is up for and award. I like it. You agree? I I, yeah. I I, I told, I wholeheartedly agree with him. It is, listen, the officer lineman overlooked, the officer lineman overlooked expressing those, the blindsided the quarterback. If, if, if you're quarterback on your team, let's say Tim Jr. Your right tackle is, is your money, man. I need him to be the best player on the field for me. You know, if your quarterback is right-handed, like, like Baker Mayfield, w your left tackle for them. I think Warfield is on the left side, if I'm not mistake. Yes. Yeah. Work on the left side. Players like that. Your DN Dawkins, your worst, your Lance Johnsons, your Ps they deserve the accolades as such, you know, individual achievements for their plate throughout the entirety of the season.


'cause if you look at some of the stats with half of the people don't, especially unless you are a fan that is really embedded into the sport, you know, based on positions outside of receivers and dbs and quarterbacks and running backs. You know, these dudes are great. You know, these dudes are great. They are the foundation that keeps the quarterback not only upright, but allows the run a game to be what it is. I agree. Protector of the year. I like that protector. The, the protector of the year more times than not is probably gonna be old Lyman of the year because they got it, they got like Lombardi in college, they got the Remington Award, which is the top center.


Right. You know, the Outland Trophy or the Lombardi, you know, something like that. So offensive lineman in college can win an award, but you're, he's right. Right. There's, I mean, you know, even though it's not specifically for the D lineman, but you can win Defensive player of the year. Right? Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I don't know if the dbs, the dbs have an award now. They don't, DBS don't really have an award. They give the most tackles team. I think Zach Broun? No, the guy at Zaire, Zaire Franklin and India. I think he, him get tackles. Yeah. He nice. So I, I agree. I agree.


I, I agree with da. They definitely need to have an award for the, for the offensive line. But show him, look, give him some love. Me, me and me and Doc, we work at the same, same gym when he is down here in Miami. It's, it called AKA fitness and in, in Davy. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They do it, it do big as hell, man. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. It's so when you not around, when you're not around the game as much, you know anymore and you know, you retire, you Forget how big And you kind of forget how big the damn linemen are until you see him in person. That's, I'm like, God, me, what the hell.


Ocho Yeah, Ree spoke about the end of the season, comments re and he said, what y'all heard at the end of the season is frustration. I've been winning my whole life. We gotta put some pressure on Mo mofos and y'all gotta fix this ish as some mofo dogs ocho. I get the frustration part. That's What I told you too. What I don't get is not taking your ass back in the game in the fourth quarter. That's part of the frustration. Huh. Now. So you can't take how you would be frustrated and how you would've react as opposed to letting how someone else would react to it. So you react to being frustrated About can the dolphins be frustrated and not seeing that check.


Yeah. Now when you break it down like that, I understand what you're talking about. I just wanna know here, because guess what? I guarantee you he wasn't frustrated to know that that direct deposit didn't hit that didn't hit that account on Monday or Tuesday. Right. He was, he that. So you know what guys, since I didn't go back into the game, keep, keep that and my team was ca I quit on my team. Keep that. You know what? Keep that money. Hey, that's funny. That's Funny. No, aren't yo. Yeah. Think about how many times you've been frustrated in the game. They ain't throwing you no balls. Hey, you don't gonna say, man, y'all ain't throwing me the balls. I should be going to get up outta here. I don't like That. Now, now you do know a story now where I, I wouldn't get that motherfucker in a very, very, very, very, very, very, very important game.


And I would hop now I got Yeah, I know. I remember. Oh yeah. Hey, well I had the, I had the IV in me and I'm, yeah, You smash it out. Blood going everywhere, Everywhere. You know? And I'm telling you, I said, you, what are you, what are we doing now? Only does Carson go down. Well, if Carson goes down, you have somebody, you have a viable option that makes, that makes the, makes your job still easy. You know, I can do anything. All you gotta do is move me around. Don't allow this team dictate to us what we wanna do in the game of this magnitude. And this is important. Come on man. What is we doing? Ain't nothing, ain't nobody over there could do nothing with me. I don't care who it is. I don't care nothing about how historic their franchise did and how many Super Bowls they got.


Now. You know, my mentality was different. But even though you said that and you did that, you still went out there and played. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you didn't quit on your team. Oh no, I don't, I don't, you didn't say, well, they're not throwing me the ball. Ain't no sense in me being out here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't Play. I don't, I mean, I, you, you, boy, that may it seem like we caught five passes every game that we participated in ocho. Oh No. See, I'm different. I mean, mentally, I, I was, I was different mentally. Once I clock in, once I, once I clock in, I ain't clocking out to that motherfucking clock in zero To the game over. That's It. Whether it's, that's how it should be. Whether, whether it's going good or bad. They, it is different. You know, now everybody handles their frustrations and what's going on differently.


You know, IIII sympathize and empathize with Tyreek, though I understand where it's coming from. Do I agree with the way he handled it? Absolutely not. You can't do that. A young bull. You can't do that. You gotta be there for your team. First quarter, second quarter, third quarter, third quarter four. Might you have issues when the clock hit zero, address those issues. And matter of fact, the issues you might have start all the way at the top, go straight to the owner and then work your way down. Right. And finish it with the quarterback Ocho it would've been easier to have this conversation. You finished that game. Now that's a conversation I have with McDaniel. That's a conversation I have with the general manager. Right. Right.


And if it needs to, I go all the way upstairs. I mean, how do we ocho how do you have a conversation with somebody when you quit on that team when they needed you to vote? You not going nowhere. Mm. So hold on. When you was catching all them balls, you ain't quit. When you got an opportunity to get 2000 yards, you was gun out. Yeah. Hey, I have a question. Yes. I don't know. Do you think he was injured? Do you think he, he he was hurt a little bit? What you think? No, no. I mean, I was just, I'm just asking. I'm, I'm not sure. I'm not sure.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course, we can all agree. One of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime, you can have what you need, deliver the same day. But it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone, or this podcast, whatever you're doing, working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans, check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk, hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the leave. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000. Fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe. And a subject to monthly limits timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This is Ashley ATI from the Ben and Ashley. I almost famous podcast. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever. And for less than $3 a day, get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health


Ocho. Yes sir. Tom Brady is looking to sell his Florida mansion. It happened to be down the street from Yes. That big one in Miami. That 35 million. The one he got all them big cranes. Like it's a high, like it's a, a downtown high rise. How much he want, how much he want. I mean, he bought what is like 35 million? I think it it a billionaire. It is a Billionaire Bunker. Billionaire row, isn't it? Where it Yeah, he's received bids over 150 million. Damn. I was gonna try to get that in bid too, man. Get with what? Huh? You ain't gonna be pay the light bill in that fucker, are You, man?


Well, with this good 150 I, I got with this credit I got. All right. Thank Man. You need Bezos credit to get that one. Matter of fact, you know what? It don't matter how many beards he got. If I, if I call May I call Tom right now? You think he answer? If I call and do what up and say, Tom, Hang up on and hang up on you Ocho. Man, look here. Me personally, don't, Joe. Huh? I don't want No. Look, I think I, I might, I might, I might be willing to go to 10 Yeah. For a crib. Right. A hundred million. One 50. That, that's for, that's a, that's for a different type of person that's bringing in a different type of revenue.


It's, it's different. Now. There are people, if you, you ever been, you ever been to Salt Island on I sit don't understand. Yes. I don't understand. The people that don't been living in Miami, they don't come here until the goddamn summer. Yep. For the winter. How you got a 38 million, 50 million house that you only come for two months out the year. Yeah. What do you do normally? No. They come down there during the winter. It's too hot. Summer. Yeah, That's what I meant. They come, they come in the winter because where they live, it's cold. Yeah. A summer house of 50 and here I am, bro. I'm catching balls. Getting my head.


Yeah. Oh, pause, pause. Yeah. Yeah. Getting hit. Wow. Wow. On your why. Hey Chad, I'm gonna step back for this one. I'm gonna have that one. Y'all go, go ahead on your head. That one. I'm This one. When I, when I played football, I was catching the pig skin, getting hit, getting knocked over, scoring touchdowns. You know, I think when I played, I think the totality of my contract at that time was what, maybe 35 million and you got a house. A house that you only come see for two months for 50.


I mean, that's neither here nor there. I'm happy with everything that I made and I'm still blessed beyond measures and I'm thankful for that. But what do you do sometimes I I I go around and look at the house gonna start island. You know, like what do, what do you do? Hey, I've been to a house that was like 80 million. I couldn't, I can't even imagine. Let's, let's Stop. But you know what? Hey, I might hit it up 'cause I got his number right, right. I might hit it up and actually, let me hold that thing for a minute. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Hey, we could do, we could do your show. We could do a live show from there. Oh no. I'm done with the live shows.


But anyway, you know what I'm saying? Don't show. I I got something else in mind though. I got a show in mind. Okay. Okay. I see what you mean. That's, Man. Hey, you hear the button? No Cho in the whole wall disappear about about 3000 square feet of walls. Just go into the floor. Hey, that's a different kind of money And Oh, oh, Joe. And it got got a, it got a fireplace that just wrapped around probably like the fireplace, probably like 30, 40 feet. Ooh. And it got those, got those outdoor couches, those big old couches. Yeah. If you ever want to impress one, if she ain't impressed with that, Listen, they walk through the whole, they walk through the door of an $80 million house.


Matter of fact, your clothes just fall off when you walk in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, Roads just fall off when you walk in. That's a different, that's a different level of It's different. And you, you look, listen, you, you talking about an $80 million house or a 50, 35 million house. You ever been to the boat show? You wanna be angry and you wanna be angry and understand. Mega, you've seen the price with mega yacht. I seen. Yeah, Man. And, and this is Bazos about that kind money. All the owners. That's the new thing now. Owe to the owners are getting them. Mr. Blade got one. Jerry has one. There's several owners that that have purchased them, obviously, obviously Larry Ellison and Jeff Bezos and, and, and, and, and Bill, Blake Gates, all the, all those guys got to about 300.


This Russian got what? Like a length that's long than a football field. Oh. The funny thing about it is these mega yachts for them, that's, they tours our tour, our to our toys. You know, Ferrari, Cullen, BMW, old school, exotic, They ain't no car. They don't do nothing with the car. Cars don't move them. Yachts, planes move them. And yacht, I mean like Hundred million, 200 million Are private jets and make Yes, like we took, it's a d it's a different level. I don't fly enough. Would I love to have shares? I'd like to get like a hundred hours or 150 hours in a, in a, in a jet. Right. But to own it. Oh no.


Nah. Oh no. And a yacht and a boat. Boat. BOAT bust out another thousand. You're Year round because You have you paying the crew even though it's dark. Yeah. You paying for, you gotta keep that salt water up off it. So you paying for maintenance. Yeah. Even though it's dark. Nah, I'm good. You have to have a different type of, you have to have multiple streams of high revenue when you doing that plane. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want the plane. I'm, I don't want own want. I like the access. I like the access to be able to go, hey. Right. Hey, we gonna leave it this time on your right. Hey, I want X, Y, and Z on the plane.


You know, we have, you gonna have a little thing, you know, as you was kick back on the plane. Okay. So you gonna ask if we go to play, what? Oh, so now you don't wanna fly. You don't wanna fly. You know, Delta, you, you above Delta. Now Delta is beneath you, huh? Yes. You, but yeah, that's, that's Tom. Like, nah, you know what? I wanna see the kids, but I'm gonna move to a different side of the island. Yeah. And it is crazy, man. Hey, hey Brady. Brady, if you, I know you're gonna see this. You know the fact our relationship goes beyond anybody goes beyond anybody that's put a bid in for your house.


If you wanna sell it to somebody, come holler at your boy. Come holler at your boy. No, don't holler at. Yeah. And no, you know what, that way I can, you know, if I had my, only if I had my plane, you know, ID go to the bathroom on a plane in. Nah, I only wanna do one thing on the, I wanna do one thing on the airplane. And they got here in Vegas. They got a little run for 8 25 Oto. You become a member of the Mile High Club. I, I heard they got a pilot. They got You saw it. I saw it advertised. I heard About That. Don't be surprised. I heard about That. Don't be surprised, Ocho, you look up in the sky and you see legs, that's your boy.


Now what I was saying, Ocho, that's big. Hey, now that that'd be great content right there now. Yeah. Yeah. That that'd be great. Con that'd be great content. Matter of fact, Because I I, I'm trying to figure out who fit in them, who fit in an airplane laboratory. Right? I mean, every time I, I'm knocking paper towels off the wall. I mean, so water run, I'm like, hey, don't. No way. Right, right, Right. But hey, it all depends how bad you wanna make it work. How make it work. That's all it coming down to right there. Now, hey one, hey, hey. One of my, one of my, one of my favorite things, you know. Oh. When, when you say, listen, you can't it take two people toting though.


Huh? Tus. I Don't, I don't, you know, I, I don't wanna spar, I don't wanna spar by myself. I don't wanna shadow box. I don't wanna spar with you. You hear me? I mean, you could fit in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. I mean, look at you Ocho. Any man that can look through a keyhole with both eyes. Come on y'all. Man. I know you. Hey, you gotta, you gotta understand. You got, you don't understand how big I've got now. I'm not small no more, man. I'm, I'm rock now I'm sitting right. And look at the size of my right now, man. Hey Chad. Y'all see how big I done got, lemme til my camera down some so to check and see.


I looked up. I'm glad didn't hear him in the thing. He was in the room barking. He say, man, look here. Hey Chad, look at the size of my arm. Chad, I see you boy. I see you. I'm gonna give credit man. I might be, I'm, I might be bigger than you right there. This look good. You just refuse to go make it. Will we get flagged if I take my shirt off? Nah. Like I, I think the check they Really, I mean if you take your shirt off, we going just blend into the background. We ain't gonna see it Good joker here Titus.


Everybody what they do? Twin Titus. Won't you go in Shelly room Bother Shelly. So all she do is yell. Alright Ocho, it's time for our Daily Dumb Dumb award. Hey there. You okay? Ocho? You gotta listen to this baby mama who blocked her incoming and child support payments. Chad, take a listen to this. Hey, child support payments from him. Do you? Yes. You leave there blocking on Venmo. He should. That makes it so much easier on him to just Venmo me instead of going to the bank.


He's doing everything the easiest that it can possibly be done for Chase. And he's done that the whole time we've been together. Why Would you not want it to be easy if he's gonna send you money, why would you not want that to be easy for him? Yes. Because it takes one more thing off of Chase that he has to do. You don't take child support. Let that thing get, hold on. She's said because it's easy. He should have to go to the bank and get the money and bring it to black. Basically bring it to her. Right. As opposed. So she, when he been Moses it then more the money. She blocks the payments and then says, I ain't getting child support.


I don't understand what's the point? I what what, what, what is she doing? She doesn't, she says it is too easy for him to make child support payments by Ven mowing her the money. Oh, so She wants it to be a little bit more difficult on him to Yes. Well, I, I, that, that, that makes absolutely no sense honey. That makes no sense. I wonder what the was in that case. You can't block ocho. He's paying, You Can't say he's not playing when you blocking the pavement. Yeah. Yeah. She tripping. She tripping. Big time. Big time. I'm Like, I had to listen to it again. She was like, because it's so easy for him and he's just, he's always doing the easiest thing possible.


Yes. You know what that mean, Ocho How many people have direct deposit on their bills? Because everybody got tired of writing checks, filling it out, putting it in the mail, putting a stamp on it. Just say, you know what? We can just take this out every month. That's me and Be done with it. Yep. Oh yeah Babe, you gotta move on. He done moved on with his life. Yep. That sounds like a woman that's upset that the child's father or ex-husband or whatever the case may be, has moved on with his life. That's what happens. You still have feelings when you're a little bitter. When you're a little bitter. 'cause if you're not bitter, you let everything happen very smoothly. So you don't have any, any type of situation.


Oh yeah. No, no. I don't, no. Not combativeness. What's the word I'm looking for? Yeah, I'm looking for a word. I really can't find it. Toxic. Yeah. Yeah, that too. Yeah. Auto pay. I ain't got no auto. Well I do got auto pay, but Shelly set that up. Okay. Ocho now it's the time for another Twitter debate. Hold on, hold on. Tight. Someone asked 125,000 to continue to work fully remote or 165,000 for three days at work, at the job.


Which would you choose? Wait a minute, three days out the week for 165,000 or staying home and working remote? Yes. For a year. Right. I'm moving forward. Oh shit. I'm taking, I'm taking it three days. 1 65 and I'm getting my ass up and going to work. But I'm three days out. Three Days a week. Yeah, Man, please. Oh, So you, you not taking you, you going you So you I'm taking, I'm taking the most money. Yeah, for sure. Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. I mean, because It's easy to get distracted when you home Ocho you start doing a whole bunch of other stuff and not No, you don't even, I need to get, I don't even think People asking work when they home.


I mean, I know they work. I know because they have to do things. You have to meet. Yeah. People are saying About The day, people are saying 1 25 ocho this explains why we, that's why, that's why we in the situation we in, that's why people ain't got no money. Because people want what's easy. You see Ocho, all you gotta do, look at your Chad. People won't, what's easy? People don't really wanna work. Well, I mean here, 1 65, 1 65 0 1 25 work life balance. I ain't dealing with the great people don't wanna ride Go Joe mean they tripping. 1 25. Yeah. They tripping. They tripping. You know, they, they, they, ah, I I, I saw one gimme the money.


I saw somebody say, I wanna work from home. I don't wanna deal with people at work. I don't wanna deal with traffic. You know, having to commute back and forth, especially during rush hour. I understand all that. All all the, all those stuff, those things. But, But you dealt with it before. Yeah. In, in this economy. Now this is a hypothetical in this economy, I think most, most, I'm not sure what percentage, you know, it is back and work, but a lot of people work remote since Covid. A lot of People. Yes. Since Covid. Hey. And a lot of 'em saying, look here, y'all either come back to work or you're gonna have to find different employment. Yeah. Okay. I ain't got no problem with that. Hey, but that, that, that's it. That one year 1 65 and just work three days a week, man.


Where I had my feet kicked out. Shit, You know, you work three days and the other two at home. Oh, I like that. And matter of fact, I would want to, if I can control it, I wanna work coming off the weekend. I wanna work in at the workplace Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. I want Thursday and Friday at home so I can basically call, I call it the 14 weekend. Damn near fighting. Yeah. No, four day, four days. Yeah. I've just come to the realization people really don't wanna work. Yeah. Well, or or they want, they don't Right. They want instant gratification. They, They people wanna make the most money doing the least possible.


That's exactly like you were saying. And then, And then they get mad at other people. Well, how much money you need. Right. How much hard, how hard did he work? Yeah. How hard did he or she work? You get that? See people that have a lot, most of the time, not all, sometimes they inherited, but they're willing to do things that you want. Right. Which is like work multiple hours, 80 hours a week. That's not what you want. You think somebody should just hand you money over freely. Doesn't work like that. So it doesn't, and so that's why I've been, I've been like, I don't care. I'm gonna work Saying I'm gonna work because I, I like the lifestyle and I think the people that around me, like the lifestyle that they have.


And I've been very fortunate. I'm very, very blessed ocho that I got a team that works just as hard. Oh yeah. But I, IIII I've been, I've been come to that conclusion. People just don't wanna work. Ocho Yeah. They don't, They don't. It It's been that way for a while though, huh? You know, a lot of people are lazy a lot. So think about your, think about it. People saying, now you making a 1 25 and you saying 40,000 ain't no money. That's a third of what you actually pay. Think about that. Let that sink in. Ocho what they're, they're saying 40,000 is 30% of what they make and that ain't no money.


Yeah. Oh, I don't know, man. I think, I mean the, And we wonder why people, and we wonder why people broke. Yeah. And we wonder why people credit messed up because that's how they think the, The way people talk. You know? Maybe not, not just the chat. Just in general. Yeah. The way, the way people portray themselves over Twitter, social media, Instagrams, TikTok, they make it seem like everybody's rich. They make it seem like it has money. They make it seem like it's so easy to, when statistically see percentage of people that you Don't even wanna work.


One That they, the, the, the percentage of people that actually have what we consider, you know, real or good money. The percentage is so small. Exactly. Well, I'll let y'all do it. Y'all go ahead and do what y'all wanna do. I'm gonna keep on working this. I'm gonna show up for work. I'm showing up to all 57 11 my jobs. Hey, now we got a situation though too, that we can do ours, right? That we don't have to be next to each other. And I know people say, well Shannon, you be working on, they told me that right now. If ESP had told me, said, well Shannon, we gonna give you this, but you need to have your ass in studio.


Yes. Where I wanna be in in studio. In studio. But this was a conversation we had. I didn't spring this on them. Right. I didn't get the job. Oh, I working, I'm working what you call 'em. If they'd have said, Shannon, we need you to be in studio. Consider I was in the studio five days a week and you mean to tell me all I gotta do is be in studio two days a week. Man, please. That's just me.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course, we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime, you can have what you need delivered the same day. But it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing. Working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's Tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is Ashley ATI from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. What if I told you that Future Health can help you make weight loss resolutions come true Long lasting weight loss results all for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details


else. Ocho now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a Q an eight. Hey, you know what, I'm going, I'm going out. I'm going out tonight. You heard me lay down. You, me on Huh? I'm going out tonight. Titles lay out. You took the first one off. I'm going out tonight. Okay. Key Chef said it takes more discipline to work from home than it does in the o Office environment. You are held to the same standard. People need to stop saying lazy.


Stop saying lazy people working at home, bro. Bro, you all you putting the thing on mute. You talking bro. Stop it. I've talked to people that work from home. Yes. You, I, you see what I'm doing? Work from home. You pet my dog. You think Johnny's gonna be up on my chair if I'm in the office? It don't take no more discipline. You and PJ's. You want PJ's to work? You Work Quas. You want us To work? No, let's stop it. We around y'all lazy. It's, I'm, I'm sticking with that. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Hey Fab. Oh, I asked who's sleeping on your shirt?


It looks like Sterling, but I can tell. I can't tell. Can the shutter story behind it? That's me and Teddy bear. Well you all at In the bay asleep. Oh, I see, I see, I see. I see how it is. Okay. Me and Teddy Bear Landing race say Hey guys, a little less than two weeks till Nola and I'm so excited. Get your tickets everyone. My question is, in your opinion, what's the hardest thing to do in all the sports? Hit a baseball. Ride a bull.


Hey, ride a bull ain't hard because I did that. Yeah, it's hard. Oh, it, it failed. It. It's, No, it's hard to stay on it for eight seconds. How about that? Oh, Now, now you're talking now that, that's hard. Hey, when I, when I got on that bull, obviously there's no way to practice for it. Obviously riding a mechanical bull that was easy because my legs were, I was able to squeeze my legs because You can, your legs can touch, you could damn near lock your leg. Bingo. You ain't locking your legs around 1500 pounds. Well I got on that bull and I looked at the person, the guy legend, Ty Murray. I looked at tie, I the tie. I can't fit my legs. I can't squeeze. He say I know you can't squeeze. I didn't know they was this fat.


It was one big ball of muscle. When you gotta use your spur. That's what He is. What Happened using the Spurs? I didn't use them on a mechanical bull 'cause I could squeeze. You ain't squeezing that. Huh? They open that goddamn shoe. I ain't never, I swear for God I've never felt that power on tv. It look like they moving in slow motion in person. Boy. Boy, that boy. I mean because when you think about it, Ocho you hit a baseball, you get 10 tries, you hit it three outta 10 times.


Yeah. Hall of Famer Bro. You gonna make 700 million. I'm telling you. Oh yeah. Catch seven outta 10 footballs. You gonna be in the employment line. You gonna be selling cars to coaching Aaron. Nor said what's up Uncle Ojo. What's the craziest fight you witnessed during practice of the game? Craziest fight. Damn. I mean, fights in practice. It's hard to really do damage. 'cause everybody got on helmet and they got On. Yeah, everybody got on helmets and the craziest fights for me was every training again, every training guy, you know, obviously you know I, I'm the jokester, I'm the, I'm the fun guy.


I wouldn't fighting, but it's always the lineman 11 gonna fight. It's Always the lineman and most of the time it's, you know, offense versus defense. And if two Oh yeah. Too often defense. Then all the rest of 'em get into it. That's funny. Rodrigo Burrito say, Hey, hey y'all good to see Ocho Got it. Sign up. Also, can we expect to see Nightcap merch for pets? Yeah. We're gonna make some Nightcap merch for pets. Ocho whatcha doing? Huh? Whatcha doing? 50 Push up real quick.


You need to give your elbows and some lotion. Nah, You need to dip your elbows in some lotion. Good lord of mercy. You know I don't use no lotion when I'm home. I ain't got nobody to turn breast. You know, what's the point of why would I have no lotion at home? I'm, I'm ashy. You are? Yeah. It's cool. I'm ashy but I'm wo though. Huh? Nate Harper said Uncle Ocho, what do my eagles need to do defensively against Jayden Daniels in order to get back to the Super Bowl? Fly Eagles fly. Keep him in the pocket. Yeah. Tell tell him. Tell him ends tell, tell him book ends. Don't come up that don't go Sophia.


Keep Him in the pocket. Yeah. If that man throw for 300 plus and three touchdowns, do not let him outside the pocket because hey, he going to get, he rushed for 80, 90, a hundred yards. Now you conscious of trying to stop the run. He gonna throw the ball over your head. Keep him in the pocket. Cal Simpson says up UNC Ocho better fan. Since OCHO River dance saw the show with you and Cheryl was itil, did it sit across from your soulmate and say, nah, I'm not, I'm not interested. Y'all had more chemistry than a periodic table. I've known Cheryl for a very long time. If you noticed, hold on.


If you watch the previous episode, me and Donelle Rollins. Yeah. That was because I've got a sense of humor because I'm quick witted. We can go back and forth. We can have fun. And that's for the most part, all the comedians. I, the comedians do really well because they're entertaining and they can tell a story. Obviously they're comedians. They're used to doing 20, 30, 45 hour sets. Yeah. Yeah. So clearly they can tell the story. Bo was, Cheryl got there. Boy, that was fun. She was asking, she was like, what can I say? I said, Cheryl, be you. She's like, for real? And George, George got this week. We should've did the outreach, should posted the outtakes. She was like, for real? I said, yeah, be you. I was like, I, I already know how you gonna be.


And what she said when I introduced myself, what she said on, that's exactly what she said that night. She said, and I know who you are. I don't know why you think you gotta tell me that. Yeah, look it, it was, it was a great time. And it's always great to see, like I said, I knew her. I've known her 30 plus years. Darnell. The different, the people like with Darnell Donelle and Keith Burns, they went to the same high school. Yeah. He's the same age as Burns older sister. So they're about four. They're about a four year difference between those two. Right. But so I was asking Burns about it. So Burns like, man, I hear you got, you know, Darnell coming on.


I like, yeah. I said, so what's he like? He like, Hey, he great. Funny. Just be you. Y'all going hit it off. So he got there talking each too. I'm like, bro, we, I said, okay. So, but it was great. It was great. Cheryl. Cheryl's been Cheryl every time I see her when I was at CBS and she would come in, her and Julie and the cast would come in from time to time, we've always had a great relationship. No, ain't nothing pop off. I think she made that abundantly clear. But no, my soulmate, nah.


I think my soulmates between the ages of right now, between the ages of 32 and 42, that's my soulmate. I like that. You know? Whew. But no. Hey y'all, if y'all, if y'all haven't seen the interview, if you haven't seen the clips, you go check it out. You gotta go watch that one. You gotta go check it out. Gotta go watch that one. Dab Smith said if Eagles lose is a failure, never going to have a path either to the Super Bowl that it is. They may, they have way more talent and experience. They do.


Yeah. They do Better defense too. But it's one game. Anything can happen. Anything that's the anything that's the great thing about football in the playoffs. Yep. They fired like a half my age plus seven. That's what the honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches us. Yeah. Isaiah Lancaster. Unc Ocho was the greatest moment in NFL history. Also, UNC Joke is the most offensively skilled center in NBA history. It's hard to argue. The only one I could go as far as skill is a clean Eli one. Mm. But yeah, a joke. You look at less than 800 games.


150 Triple doubles averaging 30, 13 and nine, almost 10. He's unbelievable. He's unbelievable. Oh, tight Harris Muck on tv. You back again, boy. You done been on. You been here four. Hey, he was in the bed. He was barking. I'm surprised y'all didn't hear it, Man. Where Teddy at? Man? Teddy didn't even make no appearance. Nah, Teddy, Teddy beat him and Teddy got into it today. That's why he got a, he got a thing on his nose.


Teddy lumped him up. Oh, that's funny. Teddy lumped him up right quick. Hold on. Tiger Stripes, John Pax and Steve Kerr each hit game winning finals for Michael Jordan. So why does LeBron get here to criticize for what? Ray Allen. Kyle Corver hit big shots for LeBron. LeBron is the only guy that's not allowed to have his teammates do what they're supposed to do. Nobody says anything. There have been other guys that hit shots. Derrick physic hit a hit shots. There been a lot of guys that hit shots, game winning shots, and they won game. Clay Thompson hit the shock with the OKC when he made those, when they were down three one and he made those 11 threes.


Ain't nobody say anything about these same stuff. Video is what it is. Look, wherever you are in this argument, if you are Jordan Guy, you gonna see remain loyal to Jordan. If you're a LeBron guy, you gonna stay there. So I've just given up. That's an argument. Ain't nobody gonna win it. It will never end win. It will never end. You know, that's no different than the argument when it comes to who's the best soccer player in the world? Is it messy? Or Christopher? Yep. Scott Williamson. Uncle Ocho, please shout out my son Brian Smith. Today is his 30th birthday. Make. This will make his day. Brian, Evan, happy 30th. Your dad. Scott, wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Happy birthday.


Hopefully you did something fun. 30. That's a, Ooh, that's a good number. I remember 30, but it wasn't yesterday or the day before. Oh, Joe.


That concludes This episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit the nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the Nationwide 5G network. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, that guy, the Liberty City legend. The bingo Ring of Fame ought to read the Pro Bowler. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your loyal and continued support.


Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. Two teams are gonna be very excited. Gonna have something to celebrate. What Better Way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it in a store or city near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. And remember, during your celebration, please, Drake responsibly,


go follow my media company page on all of his platform, she Shea Media. Go subscribe to the Humble Batty YouTube page that had the first live show on Thursday. And check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has been restocked and we've also introduced beanies today in every color. Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop. Tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Unfortunately, the VIP meet and greet has officially sold out. There's still plenty of tickets to be had to see the live show.


Make sure you go get yours. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. We got a lot of guests lined up for you. You don't wanna miss it. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap was nominated outstanding podcast, arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated. Outstanding podcast, society and Culture. Please go vote. The link is pinned and our social bios, that's it. Tomorrow ocho, after it's tomorrow night game, we'll know who our Super Bowl contestants will be. Hey, can't wait to see first game.


The Eagles take on the commanders at home. Final game of the evening at six 30, Buffalo travels to Kansas City. Josh Allen looking to make his first Super Bowl appearance. Patrick Mahome looking to make his fifth superb bowl appearance. So can't wait. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night after Kansas City in Buffalo. Thank you for joining us. Goodnight The Volume. I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season.


Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy, one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details. Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime.


Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon Music, music to podcast fast shipping? What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now,


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans, check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.