(0s):
These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.

(29s):
Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool Beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.

(58s):
When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,

(1m 28s):
Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial, results will vary depending on diet and exercise.

(2m 4s):
The Volume.

(2m 8s):
Who's scoring big this NBA season you are With all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(3m 41s):
Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.

(4m 29s):
Oh, Joe, LeBron started a bit of a discourse on Friday when he spoke about ant not striving to be the face of the league. Let's take a listen to what GOAT James had to say. I don't know when, why do you want to be the face of a league when all the, all the, all the people that You know that cover our game and talk about our game on a day-to-day basis, shit on everybody. Mm. Have that responsibility. That's, that's just weird. It's weird energy. I like that. I like it. I like it. But again, but again, are you able to be the face of the league and deal with the scrutiny that comes with on the other side of the media? Can you not care? The the the word I like to use and you use this time, can you compartmentalize and separate the two still go out there and do what you need to do despite knowing with being the face of the league.

(5m 16s):
You got to be on 24 7. Are you gonna be on 24 7? Absolutely not. You gonna have your knights, you gonna have your knights, you gonna have your knights you off, you gonna have your knight. You want your highs, your highs to be, you want the percentage of your high to be much better than your lows. Yeah, for sure. Who who wants to deal with that though, uncle? You think about it, LeBron had, LeBron is the right person to be able to talk about it. 'cause he done had pressure since he came outta high school. Yes. He had to deal with it times 10 more than anybody I could think of because of the expectations coming outta high school. But You know what the, the thing is OCHO is that, look, that's not something a player says. I wanna be the fake that we get to determine that.

(5m 57s):
The media get to determine the face of the NBA. The fans get to determine the face of the NBA not said player. That's not something LeBron didn't say. I'm the face of the NBA. That's not what magic, that's not what Jordan, that's not what Bird, that's not what Kobe, that's not what steal did. Right? It's sustained excellence for the period of time and they won. It's a sustained excellence for a period of time. And you win just because you got a couple of highlights. That don't mean you about to be the face of the league. Nah. And look, I I get it. You know, it is like, well, Jason Tatum and, and, and Shay and it's, it's just hard for me to see a foreign born player because this is an American sport.

(6m 45s):
It's just hard for me to see a, a Americans getting behind an a a a non-American athlete saying, you're the face of our sport. Right? But we'll see what happens. But when you look at Ja, you look at ant, you look at Tatum and people are like, well, Jason Tatu, I like Jason Tatum, but people keep saying, well, hold on, he don't have that. Are we sure Jason Tatum is the best player on his own team? Because all I know finals MVP went to Jalen Brown. Jaylen Brown, all I know is Eastern Conference finals. MVP went to Jalen Brown. So are we certain Right? Because it can, it can be no ambiguity. Kobe couldn't come to face of the league as the second best player on his own team.

(7m 26s):
Right? Shaq had to leave in order for him to be that face. Right. Jordan was the best player on his team. Bird was the best player. Magic was the best player. LeBron is was the best player. Now, it might've taken 22 years for, for you to say, You know what, LeBron is the second best player now that he got a guy that's damn near 10 years. Well, 14 years younger than he is. Luca just turned 26 the other day. But I mean, Zion, Zion's gotta win. He's gotta be on the court. So the guy that we can say as far as American players, Ja and man Zion, Jason Tatum.

(8m 14s):
We'll see. Hey. Huh? Yeah. Is my camera crooked or am I Your camera's crooked. It is. Yeah. Hold on. What about now? It's still crooked. All you did is move it one way and move it right back. How come it only do this when I'm on the road? Look at his head. Look at his Headboard. Look at your headboard. Can't you see your head? Can't you see the, the closet behind your highest tilted?

(8m 54s):
Whoa. No. You gotta look at the camera and see. You don't see it's tilted. Oh yeah. It look like it's, it's like, Yeah, it is. So what did you do? Slide off the bed tonight. Yeah, you better. There you go. Hold on. But listen, it's the, the, the tripod that I'm using, I don't know why it's not even in the center of the camera. It is to the, it is to the side. It is to the side of the camera. And so once I, once I wrote, once I screw it in it like it, it tilts down. You, You know what I mean? I'm gonna go get a oh snap. I'm gonna go get a new one tomorrow. I'm go, I'm gonna get a new stand tomorrow. Yeah.

(9m 34s):
Oh, Joe. He elaborated the next morning ex. Exactly. Made my point. Made my point. But anyways, happy this conver convo has started. It ain't no face of the game. Ain't no about one person or one show. It's about a culture of basketball. The beautiful game in the wor the most beautiful game in the world. Right? Our game has never been e been better, incredible young stars from all over the world. And some elder ones, Steph Curry, she'll be all we're talking about today. True man. Drop 56. We talked about it. O Joe, let's discuss how great OKC in the Cavs have been this season with two completely different styles and break down why and how they have, of course, if players don't perform, we need to discuss that too and break it and break that down.

(10m 22s):
Even that can't be discussed in a way that's not a brain finality to a player's game, but leave room to see how the player respond, responded. Let's watch the journey of that player. This ain't about me either at this point. I really don't care what y'all said about me. I always, it's always something. This is about the impact of negativity is having on our beautiful game and our fans. I know it speak a lot about players. More importantly, a hell of a lot of great fans and truly, and celebrate the sport around the world. Mind the game. Mm. What'd you think of ocho?

(11m 5s):
Damn, that's, I'm trying to think. I I mean, you look at, I mean, All I It's a, I mean look, the sports are about stories. What's the story? I mean, Shaa, I mean we about to have another foreign born MVP. That's what we're about to have. Shay's from Canada. Yo kids one, three. Hold On. Shay not from the Korea. Shaa from Canada.

(11m 46s):
Shay from Canada. We, yo, one, three, Gianni, one, two, Joe and B. So it's been a while since we had an American born MVP. It's been a while. Look, he's right. The calves, the calves be getting up. Threes. Donovan Mitchell didn't play tonight, but they had Ty Jerome come in, played. Unbelievable. Who else? Somebody else. I was, I was watching the game. I was flipping back and forth, right? But they had to come from behind because they were down damn near the whole game in Portland. And they came back and they ended up winning in overtime.

(12m 29s):
But they've been really good. And they were down the other night against Boston and found a way to win in Boston because Boston has had their number this year. Ocho Yeah. And as I mentioned earlier, Kenny Atkinson has those guys playing really, really well. I don't think he should have lost his job in, in, in, in Brooklyn. But hey, You know, they got guys and they wanted to move in a different direction. And with that level of talent, when your Ja aspirations are a championship and you hire a guy like, like Steve Nash, hey, they did. But look, if you're the face of anything too much is given, much is required, Yeah.

(13m 12s):
You're gonna get a lot of benefits as far as advertising dollars and sponsorship's gonna come your way. But you do have the head that wears the crowd. And that's one of the pros of it. Now let's talk about it. Yes. Let's talk about the talk. Yes, Yes. Deandre Hunter, that's the guy. They picked him up from Atlanta. I'm surprised, but Atlanta's like, Hey, we not going anywhere. So hey, let's, let's offload it. Deandre Hunter can play. He was, he still cab, but he, hey, he should be six medal a year. 'cause he was balling his, he's averaging 20 off the bench. And then people laugh at me when I said I average 28, 28, 12 and 10 off the bench. Nah, You average 28 seconds off the bench.

(13m 56s):
No, I'm, I'm I'm just saying. You getting straight, you getting straight. You getting straight the game outta hand. No, come on. Nah, ab absolutely not. If, if, if Brother Hunter could do it, You know, what do you think I would do? If, if that was, if that was my game? Yeah, brother Hunter was most outstanding player of the, of the, the, on the, in the March Madness. Yeah. That's about you Jamie Fox de defends LeBron's legacy. If he came up with a cure of cancer, they would say, yeah, what about diabetes? 40,000 points over 20 years of play, carrying this bum ass league on his shoulders, ungrateful.

(14m 36s):
No matter, No matter what you do, they'll always find a way to, to down your greatness No matter who. Nobody, no Matter who it is, nobody. Ocho I've covered, I I followed this game for an extended period of time and I go ways back. Nobody in the history of sports, An example Other than Muhammad Ali, when he did what he did, yes, sir. Had ever caught the vitriol that this man did. Nobody go, go back and look it up. Nobody has nobody. The man ev the man score is 50. They say, well, Kobe would've got 70. Jordan would've got 80.

(15m 18s):
The man give you a 50 point triple double against that team. Y'all do realize the, a lot of these teams were in the league when Kobe played. But y'all just go, y'all do realize Kobe retired. He was 36 and 37. 37. Yeah. Y'all remember what he looked like his last three years. Or we just gonna forget that. Oh, okay. Don't wait, daddy. Ha. We just forget that. Don't even worry about it. O Joe. We gonna forget that. Yes, Sir. Do y'all remember about what Jordan looked like? In, in, in, in, in, in Washington. In Washington? We just going to get that. See? Oh, that was, they was just finishing up. Now, if they had won a title, everybody would've spoke about the greatness of those two guys.

(16m 2s):
Now, they didn't win a title didn't come close to winning a title. I heard when LeBron first got to LA all he ca he came to be Michael B. Jordan. He came to be a movie star. Now he's been all NBA since he's been here. He's won a title. He's been a MVP of the finals. And they still won't give him no credit. They, they listen, they, I ain't got no problem giving people credit. If you play good, I'm gonna say you play good if you play bad. I'm gonna say that too. Play bad. Yeah, you always been fair. But listen, But that's the luxury. That's the luxury. You're about having your own platform. That's the luxury of being in a situation.

(16m 44s):
Hey, everybody knows how I feel about LeBron, but if he plays bad, I don't have a problem saying that. Same thing with Mahomes, same thing with Kelsey. But see I like, I like it because they say I criticize, they, when I criticize Josh Allen, they say I'm racist. If I criticize Lamar, they say I don't like black. So I'm doing a pretty good job. T you so I'm getting it on both sides. You know, I'm doing it right down the middle. Then You, you right, you listen, you fair, you fair. And everybody get the same treatment. That's it. Now, I don't hear anybody said, when Lamar was coming out, I said, I don't care what they say. Lamar, don't you take your ass to receiver. Don't do no receiver drills. Oh yeah. Don't do no DB drills. You are a quarterback.

(17m 25s):
Go play quarterback. And then if you can't make it of the quarterback and say, You know what, I can't play quarterback. Let me go head on. I I'll go to wide receiver, but don't, I'm not running no drills at no wide receiver because I've been a quarterback. Even when he struggled, I was supportive. But if he plays bad and I said, well, Lamar didn't play well today. Yeah, he's gotta do a better job of taking care of the football. Why you, bro? So what am I supposed to say if Lamar plays bad? I just want y'all to tell me what am I supposed to say? Because Brady played bad. I was, I said that when Peyton played bad, I said that when Romo and Breeze and Dak and whomever else, when they play bad, you looking at it too.

(18m 14s):
The only difference is I get to tell you says, look, in a situation like this, why would he throw the ball into that coverage when You know it's this coverage and You know, you got, you supposed to go elsewhere with the ball. I ain't got no ask to grind. I ain't jealous of, I had an okay career OCHO oh seven round draft pick made it all the way to the high pro bowls. All pro super bowls hall. So why, I'm just trying to figure out, people say you be jealous of what y'all make it seem like I was a special teams guy. I did. I started out on special teams. Ocho led the team, the tackle. Wish you was on pun return. I had something for you too. Who I bet you can't sit on no branch and turn your head around you.

(19m 3s):
You, that's who, Oh Well you scared to catch the puns. You scared to get back there. I ain't even worried about you back there. Who you doing an awful lot of whoing tonight And you keep forgetting what? My rookie year, my rookie, my, my, my first and second season I was a wedge buster. And you keep talking about me being scared. Ain't talking about your badge buster. You ain't no wedge. You too light to be a wedge buster. You get your neck broke. Oh, you do realize. Okay. I, I, listen, I I don't wanna get off topic, but I was the wedge buster. A ask ask my teammates, Hey, I'm sure You know some, some of my teammates as a rookie when I came in who the wedge buster was Not you All Right? Because back then the wedge was a thousand pounds.

(19m 44s):
They had three man wedges. I know how much it was. And you ain't hitting no three back. First of all, you ran into Ray at 2 45 and collapsed like a deck of cards. Timeout. You saw me running into Ray and trip over my shoestring is what you Saw. No, I didn't see that. No, I didn't see that. I did not see that. So I could imagine if you chat, y'all think he ran into Ray at 2 45 and collapsed. You think he gonna run into a thousand pound wedge? Listen, it is a, you understand physics, the laws of physics, I understand it. I was a math major. I was an econ major. So I understood what angles I need to take on the wedge and to to to to, to affect what they did.

(20m 26s):
Regardless of size. Ocho it was, you do ocho you do realize the wedge back then you had, I mean it was like d lineman and offensive lineman. So you dealing with 3 30, 3 40 running. I was there. You you, you sitting there telling me like, like I was there. I'm the one running, I'm the one running into it. What do you do? Pull the tape. I wanna see some tape. But you busted the wedge. Sure. Yeah. They'll show you add Dick Lebo. No, I ain't gonna ask him about they tape. Like you tell me you want to tape from when I dropped 52 or when I had average 30. You want a tape? I I ain't seen no tape yet. I wanna see tape when you busted the wedge. Now I can pull some tape on you. I could give some tape for you, me on special teams if you want it.

(21m 9s):
And I'm, I'm have, I'm gonna have NFL films. Pull it for you so you can see it. If you, if you want me, if you want me to pull some tape for me making tackle those special teams. Old kickoff, old punt. I was a gunner. He wanted see me making tackles. I do that ocho Okay. I, Hey, matter of fact, ask the de Thomas about me, Man. You first of all, you wasn't on No, you wasn't on no special team where AD was playing. Yeah, I what? He was the gunner man. What You try to I know he was a gunner, Huh? I know Fast was a gunner. Yes. Yes. And I, who you think was I was on him.

(21m 53s):
I still played special teams even then. So you was a jamer. Yes. In my prime. I just, I was, I was, I was everywhere.

(22m 2s):
Everything is more expensive now, whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to myPay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank in a SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.

(23m 37s):
Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health

(24m 7s):
During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLocks US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply

(25m 5s):
These days. It feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying, is just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.

(25m 58s):
Jimmy Butler has been sued for allegedly failing to pay 260,000 in rent and li and leaving behind more than $127,000 in damages related to a luxury home he leased in Miami Beach in the suit. The plaintiff contend Butler failed to pay two months of rent at 130,000 per month for the property. Damn. Hold on. Oh, talk me back. The law, the lawsuit come back again. Much OCHO 130 per month. The lawsuit also alleges that Butler changed the looks and when the, excuse me, and would not give the key to the property owner keeping maintenance workers from entering the home.

(26m 39s):
Butler also is alleged to have failed to maintain the swimming pool, the air conditioning and le and ladder leaving leading to an exp extensive mold that require replacement of the ceiling floors on the property. A hundred hold on. $130,000 a month. I'm trying to think, how much is that? That's like a 25. That's like a $25 million home mocho. Oh, what I'm, look, listen, hold On. How much, how much In the ESPN airport says it's only a 10 million Home? Hold on. How you paying? How are you paying $130,000 a month on a $10 million home?

(27m 19s):
A $10 million only home only supposed to charge you about 40,000 or 45,000 a month. Listen, the fact that you even know the numbers and how much it should cost, that lets me know I'm out of y'all. That's, that's outta y'all outta my range. Y'all outta my range. I mean the numbers you, the numbers you're even saying is too much. 'cause and I, I can see it. I got it, but it's, it's not, it's not, it's not connecting 130 who A month? Never ever, ever. I don't care what it is. $10 million home for what? Because I, because I play in the NBA. Right? Because I I make a certain amount of money. That means my lifestyle has to ma has to match. Yeah. But Jimmy, I don't know why Jimmy just didn't buy, he didn't, I don't know why Jimmy didn't buy a place.

(28m 2s):
He had been there for an extended period of time. You know, he knows he wasn't, he wasn't gonna live here. This it's not his home state. Yeah, that's 1.5. That's that's one point that's owe 1.5 million. Oh. You know, and one point, so He done, oh, Joe, if that's 10 million home, That's a drop in the bucket for some, for them, for them, for them dudes, that's A drop. But that's, that's beside the point. The point is, Ocho, he's paying that much in rent for a place that he, he's sending somebody, he's paying for somebody else vacation home. Right. He's paying for somebody else's kids to go to private school and nice college. Right. 1.5 million on a $10 million home. That's crazy.

(28m 43s):
Damn. That is absolute. That's his bonkers. Hey, remember what kind of money they make? Huh? They make f you money. Yes, I get that. But just because you make f you money, I'm trying to let the, I'm trying to figure out what financial advisor let him spend 1.5 million on a house that's only valued at 10 million. That's my point. Damn. If you got it, if you got a financial person, ain't no financial person in they Right. Mind will let they client do that. Yeah. That's, that's, listen, I ain't telling, I'm, I'm, I'm, because I mean, I mean, what do you have a financial advisor for now? Maybe they did tell him and he didn't listen because like you said, he's making that money.

(29m 25s):
Yeah. Me. What's the point of having a financial advisor if I'm not gonna take his advice? And what if the financial advisor didn't even say anything because he wants to continue to remain his financial advisor, if You know what I mean. Yeah. Hey, that's got 138. Oh man, I'm still trying to wrap my head around that. Yeah. But every month you hear me, boy, stop playing. What? Jesus Add it up. That's gotta be, that's gotta be a 30. What's the interest rate? Can I Put in the Google a 40 mile? What if, if I put $2 million down on a $40 million home, what would be my monthly, what would be my monthly payments?

(30m 11s):
Because then, hey, this, this, this is freaking me out. Ocho Now the, the, just the the numbers, the numbers being that high. Yes. The numbers being that high in general, it just doesn't sit right with me. Yes. Down payment is how much? 2 million. Yeah. You put no, say you put down 10%, you gotta put down 10% of the house, right? Yes. Okay. Put down 4 million. So that's 30. Okay. So how much is the monthly payments and what's, what's two? Huh? 2 20, 200 20,000 a month. Okay. C or 5% interest rate. Okay. 5% interest rate. So come down to 2020 5 million. So you'll put down 2.5 million Mm Don't tell me 1 37 a month for a 25 million.

(31m 6s):
For a $25 million home. If you put 10% down, which is 2.5 million would come to 1 37. $137,000 a month. Oh. So that mean he, Jimmy must have been on Star Island then. I don't know where he was. All I'm saying is with that kinda money that you're paying out monthly. I know. Don't ask me how I know, but I know 25 million home, it's only so many $25 million homes. Coral Gables, star Island. It says in Miami Beach. Yeah. So that's, that's definitely it. It gotta be Star Island. That that's the only place. And and obviously you're not paying for the house. You're paying for. You're paying for the Location. Location.

(31m 46s):
You sit down on water obviously. Well that's real estate. What is real estate Ocho? Location, location, location. That's it. That's all it is. That's It. Now you can get the same house that's 25 million in Miami Beach and you could be in Houston and get it for 5 million. Yes. Boy. Do you, do You know how much house you could get in, in, in Houston or Vegas or, or, or tennis. What? Oh yeah, yeah. Crazy Man. You'd have to have, listen, you'd have to have like maid service, like they got a hotel. Oh yeah. To clean That. Oh yeah. To clean that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Most, most. But you're Talking about 50,000 hold Holyfield building Holyfield house. The one Ross got. Yeah, that's 50 plus thousand square feet.

(32m 26s):
Oh, That's, He built that for like $10 million. That's it. Yes. It's ginormous. Huge. Huge. You see how much grass you got a bait, full baseball field, Olympic sized swimming pool. Different. Yeah. I, I I listen 130,000 a month. Nah, hell no. Nah. I I I can't, I can't do that. Not, not even if I got the money Ocho. Yeah. Who you telling who, who you telling you? Hey listen, you talking to the, you talking to the quiet Hell no. Gospel man. Man please. Stephan Curry.

(33m 7s):
Oh yeah. Was Cooking tonight. When is he not? 56 Point, he had 56. Yeah. 12 made threes. 16 or 25, 12 or 12 from the free throw line. He outscored Orlando by himself in the third quarter, 22, 21. It's his 14th 50 point game of his career. Steph Curry has nine, nine game nine what? Nine made threes in NBA. He has 45 games Ojo in which he's made at least nine threes in a game. The next closest is Dame Lillard at 14. And then Clay Thompson at 12.

(33m 48s):
And if I'm not mistaken, if I read this correctly, I think if you take up the next five, Steph has more or he's tied with the next five. So if you Dame Lillard, if you put in Clay Thompson, I think JR r Smith is in that group, but it's about five other guys that have made at least nine threes in a game. And if you combine the next five highest, I think Steph still has more than all those guys. Yeah. He was on one tonight and You know, we've seen this throughout his career. Once he gets cooking, Oh he cooking. You just, You just hope you can weather the storm. And you got guys, Paolo, Ben Carroll was cooking also. Yeah, but not to the, not till he wasn't on Fuego like Steph was, I don't know if you saw this game, mocho, did you take a look at this game?

(34m 31s):
Nah, I, I didn't, I didn't have a chance to look at this game. Obviously I was asleep, You know, when this game was going on. I'm just waking up from a nap so I could have the energy I needed tonight. Right. But when you look at, when I look at the stat line, I look at how efficient Steph was, You know, from three and it's numbers at the free throw line. It just comes back to like, I mean, is this something we're not used to? You know, is Steph even, even, even even human at times because we've seen him put up these type of performances, You know, throughout his career. You know, and like you said, when he gets hot, he gets hot. So it's like, okay. Yeah. Oh, he, Steph dropped 56. I mean, it's like, okay, nothing new. We are used to this. We've seen, You know, You know what I mean? In a sense we've seen this before.

(35m 11s):
So I mean, yeah, I mean, it, it, it's Steph and Steph has 45, Dame has 14. Clay Thompson has 12. James Harden has nine. Anthony Simons has five. CJ McCullough has three. So if you take tho, well JR r Smith has five. So if you take those next, if you take Dane Clay, James Hart, Anthony Simons and Jr, they have the same number. If you throw in Anthony CJ McCullum, now you got six guys and they have three more nine made threes in a game than Steph Curry. Man, that's crazy. He is, he is the greatest shooter that we've ever seen. Yeah. The way he can shoot there isn't a bad shot.

(35m 51s):
You know, once upon a time, man, that's a terrible shot. Yeah. There is no terrible shot for Steph Curry. Not for him. I mean, and, and and what, what's most impressive? Yeah, shooting the basketball is impressive. Yes sir. But it's, it's ocho it's the continuation of running. Do you understand what type of conditioning this man has to be in? Yeah. Because You know, when you get tired with anything, hell, you get tired of running around, don't you? You like woo hands get lazy head, get eyes, get lazy head, get lazy coming around, all that stuff. And for him to put that kind of running in because he, hey, he's coming off screens continuously. He's one side. He'll hey long rebound, he'll reset. Goes back up with it again.

(36m 32s):
For him to be able to do this throughout the entirety of the game is unbelievable. Yeah. I'm glad I've got an opportunity. I'm glad I'm old enough and I'm wise enough to understand what I'm witnessing because there've been some great shooters, but they've been nothing like this young man. This, he is phenomenal at shooting the basketball and every ac every accolade or superlative that you want to bestow upon him, he's more than deserving of that model. Citizen doesn't get any trouble. You don't have to worry about him. Right. Hearing his name off the field wife four, four lovely kids and he's what you want your franchise. You say, okay, he's a franchise player. That's what you want your franchise player to look like.

(37m 12s):
Yes sir. That's what you want your franchise player to be. He's been a great ambassador for the NBA. He's been a great ambassador for the Curry family. There's nothing that his mom and dad should ever, ever nothing. Nobody in his family should ever be ashamed of anything. 'cause he, the way he speaks, the way he conducts himself on and off the court, take a bow step. Yes sir. Sir, you, you was on one tonight all, hey whatever you ate today, Steph probably go, hey he gonna send them, Hey go get that again. Yeah we gonna take that on the plane. We gonna, wherever we going next. I don't know if they playing Miami or they head down to Atlanta because they're probably on the East Coast trip. Ocho hey whatever you ate before the game, whatever you did before this game.

(37m 54s):
Same routine. Oh yeah. Same routine. I don't know if he's superstitious or not Ocho, but if I'm him to have a game like this, think about ocho. I'm sure when you had that, those big games, those what? A couple of 200 yard games. Oh yeah man, what, what did I, what did I do today? And You know, and You know what's funny? Most of the time you have those big games like that, you get your drag, you get your drug test the follow morning because the NFL thinks something wrong with you and you go back and try to remember exactly what you did. Right. Unc, you can't even remember because sometimes at times it don't be nothing special. It just one of those days where everything just seems to go Right. Right. Well I don't know why Steph Curry get drug tested 'cause if he taking drugs they backfired, they ain't working.

(38m 37s):
So whatever, whatever he taking Right. He need to take more of it or, or leave it alone. But You know, like I said, there've been some great shooters. Lad Bird was a great shooter. Reggie Miller was a great shooter. Obviously Clay Dame Dollar, arguably the Ray Allen James Harden could let the ball go. Yeah. We've never seen anything like Steph Curry. I'm not so sure we're gonna see it again now. Thereby, eventually somebody down the line might make more threes. But I think, I think we can definitively say even if they make more threes, there weren't a better shooter than Steph. Yeah. They just got, or they, because Steph was what created this, brought this wave in to taking that many threes.

(39m 18s):
'cause it was Golden State that was shooting 30 threes a game. Now you get some guy they shooting 50. Yeah. Team shooting 50 a game. So guys coming in shooting more threes. But as far as just flat out shooting a basketball Basketball, yeah. Nothing better than him. We got an opportunity to see on full display at the Olympics. Mm. Oh yeah. Remember Ocho that last game against France in, in in crunch time when we actually ate it. Yeah. They had him double. He hey he he passed it to kd. Katie swung it back to him. Hey and my good friend Mark Jackson say, can I have this dance? Yeah. Hey, between the legs behind the back crossover, step back 28 feet splash.

(40m 1s):
However you want it, he can cover He listen like, like you said, not only is he the best shooter, he can create his own space. Oh yeah. Yeah. He crazy. Hey listen, he coming off picks, running plays, creating his own space. All he need, all he need, all he needs a little bit now. 'cause his release is so quick, huh? Yeah. His release is so quick. Is that man, Because the thing is now what he's done before, well he, he didn't do earlier in his career, he'll put the ball on the floor and go buy you. Oh yeah. So if you hug up on him, he got the kinda handles that can put the ball on the floor. Yeah. And he got a nice float game he can finish now he's gonna finish above the rim like a ru or like a D Rose could, but he can finish nice float game and You know he's, you foul him, he's the greatest free throw shooter and percentage wise in NBA history.

(40m 48s):
So he's really hard to defend. Right. Because you want to get aggressive and not let him because he's looking to get separation and all he needs is an inch. He gets that separation and the next thing You know, he's launching one. Right. And so yeah, he, but it was unbelievable to watch him get in that zone and to see guys get in the zone. Guys ain't usually get in the zone like this from distance. We seen guys get hot OCHO and they'll lay the ball up and they got the mid-range game but he's shooting from distance. Yeah. I mean 22, 25, 28. Hell, hell 25 the logo He got that kind of, he got that kind of range. He has that kind of handles.

(41m 30s):
He's unbelievable to watch and woo, I don't know. I might have to reassess what I think about the Golden State Warrior 'cause I didn't think they was gonna do nothing. They still got an uphill climb. Yeah because they were, they were what they were I think 10th when Stephen and I had this conversation on Tuesday and so they got some digging. 'cause they're still in the playing currently. Right. I don't, I'm not sure how much ground they can make up to get out of that, that that play. I think you gotta get to at least to succeed to get out of the play in. We'll see. But Steph Curry carried them tonight. Jim, nobody did anything other than him. But when you got a guy like that, all you doing is sitting picks and get them to basketball.

(42m 11s):
That's it. I ain't trying to interfere with that. I ain't trying to get no shots. So if he, if he hot let him cook, hell yeah. Let you don don't let him burn it down. Burn hey burn his mofo down. But he was, he was on one tonight. And like I said, when he gets going like that, it's just like, oh Joe, you see like it is a a, a guy catches a bunch of passes once he gets it going Chase, you see Chase and Jetta and you see these guys get going. Right. You had their mercy. You had their me once, once a, a lineman get going. You let a miles Gary or you let a a a a TJ Watt and they get a couple of sacks early. You got your hands full the rest of the game.

(42m 51s):
Now you better double him. You better chip him now. You better not a nah, that's a, that's a a all pro over that left tackle. That's an all pro. I don't care. That don't mean nothing. Not not when, not when the guy's getting it going like that. You kind of at their mercy. And when Steph gets it going and these guys, I mean you talking about anybody Dame Clay, we saw Clay the other night Get it cooking and he was, he was something special going on The Volume.

(43m 24s):
Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.

(43m 50s):
Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from all and Cottonelle and Dinner Essentials from Daisy, Skippy, Hellman's, and Barilla plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.

(44m 20s):
The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.

(44m 57s):
Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.