
Get 15% off a set of brake mess. Select select Pro or import direct brake pads and two rotors Now at O'Reilly Auto Parts Oh oh oh O'Reilly Auto Parts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got Straightaway he tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


NFL Week one is here. And a new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns. Draft King heard us and is delivering DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us DraftKings Sportsbook app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. That game wasn't very interesting. The Buffalo Bills beat down your Miami Dolphins Ochocinco. But thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree. Y'all know him. The legendary, the legendary, the legendary pro bowler all pro from Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber counts.


And, we thank you for counting. Thank you for helping us ascend to the levels and the heights in which we reached in a very short time. So thank you. Thank you again. We have Shea by La Porter in stock and we're taking orders. If you cannot find Shaa by La Porter in a state or a city near you, we have it in our e-commerce site. And. we can ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat tour shirts and hats dropped this week as did the new shirt that's making fun of my situation from yesterday.


Please go buy yours now at 84 do com ocho, let's start with the night. The bills beat. The dolphins 31 10, but the news of the night came with two are suffering another concussion. Yeah, Ocho knowing his history, I don't know why he had already had the first down. Why didn't he go down and slide? That's my thing. You know what your, you Clark probably played with a bum shoulder or a bum something. The last thing you wanna do is get hit on it. So you gonna make you gonna, Hey you ain't hitting me on that shoulder or I'm gonna turn another shoulder to let you hit me on the shoulder. That's good, but I'm not gonna let you hit If I know OCHO, I've had head trauma like three or four of those.


I'm not taking, I'm gonna slide. That's what the protection is in for the quarterback. Tell me what you thought. I mean, listen, what I did see is him trying to run for the first down understanding he got the first down. I'm not sure if he was aware of already having the first down, but you already know how you're supposed to slide. You never slide head first as a quarterback. That's one of the first things you learn when you're scrambling. You come out the pocket is how to slide correctly. Tour you already know. You already know you've had three or four concussions you miss not last season but the previous season due to concussions. So you should always be aware not only of surroundings, but when I'm talking about when enemies, not enemies, but when you in danger and when, when you gotta know when to go down, you have to know when to go down.


So I think he didn't realize he was well past the first down and then, and then think DeMar Hamlin was gonna close in. That's even more of a problem, was gonna close in that goddamn damn fast. And it was too late. It was too late. If anything that if anything, slide early flattering and you always go feet first. Oh Joe, That's even more of a problem if he didn't know he had the first down considering you supposed to know. You can see that. I mean most guys know that. You can see that outta your peripheral because you looking left or right to make sure there's no oncoming trait. Nobody's finn to sideswipe you. Okay? I oh I got this first. Well, you know, you know, you know how I know he didn't know he had the first because he was diving head first. But if you know where he got the first, there's no need to be going forward at all.


Just give yourself Up. No, he was trying give yourself up. No, he was try, he was trying to set the tone. Trying to fight a crowd up. Nah, remember you like guy fight, you like guy That was different that that was Lamar going out of bounds and seeing the safety coming on and just, you know, just give a little shoulder to let him know it's gonna be a long night. Nah, Nah, I ain't finna give you no shoulder. Not my throwing shoulder anyway. I give you the other shoulder, not the one. I usually throw the football with Elcho and I don't, I don't take this lightly and I really hate saying this, but two of 'em probably need to seriously consider sitting it down. If you notice, the concussions are starting to look worse and worse. If you notice every time he has a head trauma, he get rigor, he get what they call rigormortis.


It's a hold on a doctor. This is what a doctor sent me when it happened. It's called Dece posturing. A rare abnormal body position that indicates severe brain damage or disruption of brain function. It's dece dis December, dece decerebrate rigidity or extensive re posturing, arms held straight out, rotated towards the center of the body held parallel to the side leg. These are some of the symptoms, legs extended and rigid. Toes pointed downward, turned slightly inward, hands flexed back arched or stiff wrist flexed away from the body. Fingers curled.


How many times have you seen him get that ocho? Yeah, I mean, what three. And it start and, and every time he gets it ocho it's not, you know, some people get it and they're little like, okay look, he got a bed wrong but ocho he going stiff with it. Ocho he's getting stiff. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, li listen at, at this point I, I heard what you just said about him probably, probably sitting it down and shutting it down. You know, you gotta understand, we, we, we just, I'm talking about we, they just paid to her. They just put tape. They yeah, paid to her a a lot of money because he's the future of the franchise and the quarterback. In order for them to contend, he has to be at the him to do that. Now, in order to do that, he also has to be healthy and he has to protect himself.


So at, at this point going forth, he was able to, he was able to play all last season without this type of injury, without any mistakes. You know, when he does come back and I'm sure he is gonna come back, I'm not sure how long he's going to have to be in the, in concussion protocol, but he has to take better care of his body, his head and just make smarter decisions when he does scramble. Because you know, you gotta think too, if not known as a dual threat quarterback, it's not that many times he's going to be out there running around and taking off with the ball as opposed to a Josh Allen or you know, a Pastor Mahome or Lamar Jackson. So when he does scramble, he has to make the right decisions and protects himself and learn how to slide, learn how to slide.


Oh Joe. But here's the thing. What good is $200 million if you can't recognize your family, what good is $200 million If you don't know who and where you are, what good is $200 million If you can't play with your kids, what good is that? You, right. If you need help you in your early you in your mid late twenties, thirties, what good is that? Because money can't buy help you, right? Because a lot of times what is, what is a lot of people that have money try to do, they try to buy help, they try to eat healthy, they try to work out, they go to the best doctors trying to buy what o ojo. Hell, you can't.


It's the one thing that you can't buy. So I I and I understand the way we are wired, ojo we go, go, go. And a lot of times when we first got into the league, we didn't know what they know now. Yeah. And guess what, in 10 years from now, they'll even know more. But knowing, and you see him how his hand, I mean immediately I say he done and look how quick the, look how quick the prognosis came back. They said six minutes, I needed six seconds. And you saw his and you saw his arms stiff. Yeah. You know, it's over. There was that means there was, there was a, there was a short circuit in his brain that causes you to do that.


You, You see boxers, you see boxers when they get hit boomed, they go stiff like that. You see MMA fighters like they go stiff like That. They, they get caught hit. They get, they get caught the right way with that head. Hit the canvas. It happens every time. Oh, Joe Makeup, he, he went, he sl his head basically hit DeMar Hammond's thigh. Yeah. DeMar Hamlet didn't hit Inside. Yeah. Yeah. Matter of fact, you know, I call it the sweet spot. The sweet spot of the helmet right there where the dolphin logo at and it trigger, it triggers everything. And matter of fact, you only need what I know in order to, to get knocked out, you have to hit, you need 2.5 pressures to hit the jaw. About two, yeah, two, two pounds of pressure to hit the jaw.


Now after multiple concussions, I don't even think it takes that much contact for it To, it gets easier and easier. Easier. Exactly. Exactly. Because you know why? Because the body knows it's been here before. So once something happens, that's why, you know, Tom Brady was great because Tom Brady had been in those situations so many times before and he had come out of it. So he knew I could do it again. I can do it again, I can do it again and over and over. And more times than not he did. When the body suffers a traumatic experience like that, it it's like a boxer. It is like an MMA fighter. Once you get knocked out, it's Easier. You get knocked out again to Get knocked out. You become more susceptible to those type of injuries.


So he's had 'em, he's more susceptible. He might have to wear that cap that they wear. A lot of times guys wear that cap. The Guardian cap cap. You can wear it in the game. Now Ocho But that's something he might seriously need to reconsider doing. Yeah. Need to consider. Yes, yes, yes. I mean, if he wants to continue to play, and I, I, I look, I I don't, I take this very serious. I I really do because I don't wanna see the guy. I I I know how when you put so much time into something Ocho you grew up your whole life thinking about this, this and then to have it taken away before you want to walk away. Right. It's Still early unc it's still early for tour, man. Yeah, I'm talking about it is very early and I think the Dolphins are right on the cusp. The dolphins are right on the cusp of that franchise. Completely turning around.


Now, one of the first things they need to do is find ways to beat teams that are good. Find ways to be teams that are above 500. I know it's only week two in the season, but I'm going, I'm I'm gonna shift into the game right now. The goddamn, the goddamn bills. Go ahead. The bills have been the Dolphins kryptonite, but, but God knows how many, how many how many years? What did they one in 10 now. 11. One in one in 11. The last 12 games against Buffalo. Two and 13 in the last 15. Five and eight, five and 18 against the Buffalo Bills going back dating back to 2013. Appreciate that. Appreciate that Josh. For the information. So I I could use it tonight. The game tonight tour. You gotta play better. Especially in the first quarter.


Listen, you basically gave the game away. You basically gave the game away in the first quarter with the two interceptions. The timing on the dig route. The ball coming too early. The receiver not even outta his break yet. You overthrow, you overthrow chosen, you overthrow Little Robbie, you know on the, on, on the curb ride the deep curb ride of 18. Yep. The ball said about 24 yards interception. They got brother. I I don't even know the db last name. Brent. Benson. Benson. You got him looking like Dion Sanders out there. He got two interceptions in the first quarter. What we doing? And boom O offensively. Hold I'm mad now. Hold on, hold on. Let me, I I gotta go. Go ahead offensively.


You know what the bill's gonna do? We got, we got a four by one track team at the receiver position. What they gonna do? They gonna play too high. They gonna play too hot the whole game. You gotta run the ball now. H Chain had Run outta It. You gotta run him out of it. H Chain had a good game. He had about 90 E had 90, about 90 on the 90 on the ground. You had about 50, almost A hundred yards. 22 for nine, Six. Yeah. Okay. Well I'm I'm on point then. So you keep running it, you keep running. You keep, if you don't have a running game, they not coming up by that two shell. 'cause they not letting you go deep. Ain't no water. Why Would they know what Water gonna do? Why ain't no listen. Mike McDaniels is awesome with the creativity, the shifts, the formations, the motions, the cre I mean the misdirection.


It's, it is nice. It's pretty, it look good but it, it is not, it's not doing what needs to be done affecting the defense because they still playing two shell. You know what, we gonna let 'em run. We gonna let 'em run. We gonna let 'em run. And even on third down, you hoping you get man to man on third down shit, they right back in the two shell again Because teams that play them what Coach Belichick used to do with Peyton Manny, I know you'll run it, but I know you gonna get impatient 'cause I know you want to throw it because I know you got all those bells and whistles. See you got Reggie Wayne and you got Marvin Harrison and you got Dallas Clark. You wanna, you don't really wanna run the ball with Ed Adrian or Joe die. I know that.


I know you don't. So guess what? I'll give you a few yards, but I know you want to throw it. They know the Dolphins don't really want to run it. Oh, Joe, I got, you got Waddle. You got Tyreek, you playing one guy 30 million, you playing another guy 28 million and you got a $250 million quarterback. Who pays that kind money to skill position? A two wide receivers and a quarterback to turn around and hand it to a, a running back that's making 800,000. Yeah, I know that. The bills know that. So I know you're not gonna stick with it. Even if, even if you get 10 yards, you get 12 yards. I know. Deep inside Ocho you want. Yeah, you, You right. And you gonna play right it to Ocho.


How many times you heard me say don't make a bad situation worse, don't exacerbate a situation to a take the sack front the football. What'd he do? Ocho because he doesn't have the strongest arm to begin with. So if you going down, Oh, I ain't even, I ain't, and you trying to, I ain't even mention that interception. I let, I let that one go. I was just focus on, I was at that point the game was over. I'm ta I'm talking about at the beginning of the game when we actually had the chance to actually come back. I'm ta I keep talking about we, when we actually okay. When they had a chance to actually come back and win and make it a game. Not, you know. Yeah. That in the, in the, in the second half, it was the second half. That third interception, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Early the third after that. I mean, once that happened, I'm in the game.


It's outta reach. It's outta reach at that point. It's outta reach. It's, it's, it's outta reach. We have to have better play at the quarterback position. That's it. Period. 'cause when we do have an opportunity to throw the ball, when we can make the completions, when we got 'em out, when they, when they, they not in that two shell, which they played the whole game. You gotta make all those throws. The tight end, the tight end position. The middle of the field is wide open. If they, if you, if they wanna go to share, Hey that's, that's, that's a time when, Well he overshot him. You remember he had him in the end zone and he overflow it. You Gotta make those Plays. You gotta make that play because you're not gonna get very Many opportunities. Get too many of, you're not gonna get too many of 'em. Listen, I think they gonna be all right because they're such a high powered offense.


It just, the problem when you play the upper Echelon teams, this is the dolphin team that shows up. This is the Dolphin team that shows up not just here in week two, but I'm talking about later on in the postseason as well. And don't let it be no goddamn cold weather. Well, shit, it's even worse. Well if, if you think about it when you go to the playoff, the team that could potentially make the playoffs Kansas City, it gets cold in January. Baltimore, it gets cold in January. Cleveland, Cincinnati, Buffalo gets Buffalo. Pittsburgh. Yeah, Buffalo. So really, unless you get home field or you go to the charger, you gonna have some, some, some weather probably.


There's a, a far greater chance that you're gonna have in Clement weather, cold, rain, snow, sleet than not in January in the, in the cities that I named. Yeah. Other than Miami, which you might get rain and, and the Chargers. Which plague get a dome. Well hell, it don't even hell, we get to the goddamn postseason. We get to the postseason And, we do have home field advantage. The teams that we are playing are going to be just like that. The game plan. How do you stop the dolphins? Ha five two man 55 cover two. They wanna go deep. Hey Ocho, you have a feeling a bit sluggish.


Slump Ali Pop's new citrusy Ridge Rush is filled with wholesome energy. What's That now? Caffeine energy from green tea. Whoa, Whoa, okay. Okay. Plus fiber and delicious, crisp citrusy Taste. Okay. Okay. I'm feeling this energy. Basically it's that good clean buzz. Whoa, Whoa. Hold on. Now I'm feeling this Energy. Sorry guy carried away there. But you guys at home can find op New Ridge rush flavor in a store near you.


You know why I play, you know why I play cover two in the cover 55? Because I ain't worried about two or going nowhere. Where you going? Even if he do, even if he for one time, you remember he got that he ran two times. He scrambled and got a first. So Yeah. And had that, how Many times did he drop back? Ah, here he ain't going nowhere. He don't put no fear in my heart that he, oh, he gonna beat me. He gonna beat me with his. I wish He might, he dropped back 25 times. He ended up having two cares for 17 yards long of 11. Which he got a first, first down on the sideline. He ain't going nowhere. Yeah. And, if you go somewhere, he ain't going nowhere in a hurry. It's a brisk walk. So I ain't even worried about they gonna be all right though. They gonna be all right offensively. They still gonna be all right despite tonight's performance.


I hate the ju I hate to judge the Dolphins based off playing Buffalo because based on the record, statistically throughout the years they've always been Molly wa by the Bills. Now everybody else, yeah, they got Seattle coming up. Yeah, they got Seattle coming up. They gotta take that long flight to the west coast at Seattle. And. we, we got, we got two corners, we got two, two more good corners in Tyreek Woodland with a spoon. Yeah, but them boys ain't no slouch. And I gu I guarantee show, I guarantee you. Well you know what, I don't think they gonna do it because Tyreek willing. Oh, he even the man up because I'm not calling him luxurious sne. I'm not saying he's luxurious Sneed, but he all 6 2, 6 3 of, he finna line up and play man.


Yeah, they can run. All them boys can run fast. Talking about, talking about the Olympics again. This to Bogo, this to Bogo and God damn. Basically all over again. Yeah, all over again. Yeah. No, that's, that's all it is. Ocho I heard you have something you wanna say. Oh yeah, I'm, I'm on, boy, I'm on your ass tonight. Pause. I ain't mean it like that. Hold, hold, hold. Pause, pause, pause, pause, pause, pause. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me, let me get to where, let me get where I need to go now. Lemme get where I need to go now. Now you know you got on me, you got on me. Good. You know, respectfully. 'cause I understand what you were trying to do, what you're trying to instill in me, you know, as, as, as, as an elder, as an elder.


I understand your stance. It was, it was appropriate because I'm one of those that you can, you can, you can, you can talk to like that publicly. We ain't gotta have no talk like that privately, regardless of what the, the masses and the other people may say and think. I like that. That's okay. But I ain't get my get back. Even last night I made some jokes but that wasn't my get back tonight. I'm gonna get my big my get back ladies and gentlemen. Hold on there ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to get my revenge. And. we gonna call this The Roast of Shannon Sharpe The, Roast of Shannon Sharpe. Just like back in the days. It's a green light on everything, all jokes flat


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kari's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here, just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is Their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more. No On. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars. Join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha Yeah. Oh, And I have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast. Your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts


Tonight. We got the legendary first. Yes. Laver, Lavelle, mother fucking Crawford Green Light on everybody. Vel. Where you at baby? What's up? What Lavel? You muted. He you muted La. He not he. There he is. There he is. Yeah. What's up man? Ve what they do baby. What's going on with you Mr. Man? I'm here. I'm here Ko. What's happening Man? I'm good boy. You know if I had, I had your hands.


I cut mine off, man. That's about it. Not That Lae. You know we did good tv. Hey Lae, we did good. We hey, we did good. We did good content. Lae. I'm your boy now. Lae Come. Nah, nah, nah. He ain't your, he ain't your Hey. Hey Lae. Lae. We did Lae. Nah, LAE Lae. We did great. Hey, we did great tv. Hey we did. Hey look man, you know what? I'll keep it real with you baby. I'm glad you listened to me. You, you, you ran with him boy. Hey What you told him? What you told him? What you told him? I Told him to do a sex day. I told him then he come on like Tiger Wood.


I'm so sorry. I sorry. Somebody hacked my like get the fuck outta Ain't nobody hack them shit. Come on. Hey no man, you ain't hear. Hey but you ain't hear me now it is about 50. It is about 50 seconds. He in there out of breath lifting all them goddamn weights. And he outta breath. Hey hold on. Then he got the nerve, then he got the nerve, the grow, he in that ground. Come on. Oh. What? Hey look, hey football is different in same using different muscles and you gotta concentrate. Concentrate. He probably trying to hold her up too. He shoulda laid her down trying growling.


He was trying to keep that bear but that rabbit was coming out. Hey, hey, hey, hey. I thought he just had on porn Hub too loud. I ain't know. I didn't, I said think he just got porn Hub on too loud. No, no, that was him and the, he was screaming loud. I I said did he scream or did she scream? She was, she was doing real good. I was like he got a great voice actress in there. You sound like he was trying to stand up any it Shannon. He he, he was, he was trying somebody, somebody got too bad, too bad hips to replace Hips hip.


No, ain't no replace hips now. Hey, hey. Them hips, he he was doing all Neck. That was, that was neck, right Neck. Hey, hey look, you know the bad thing about it, about when he was having sex, right? I ain't hear him li I I ain't Man, hell no.


Hey, I just appreciate you listening to me Shannon. I told you that's all you gotta do because you, you, you had, you, you had the gay community with they fingers crossed hoping you was there and then you did, you sat up there and had this, this woman and they just got they feelings was hurt. They was dropped. He got the man first. Lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme say label. Lemme say, lemme say this Ocho people trying to say it was staged. Yeah. So lemme say this today. I just lost the interview on Club Shehe. That would've been the most visible person I would've been able to interview today. They said no, we got six and seven figure sponsors and advertisers saying, well Shannon, we don't know if we wanna continue this relationship.


I'm about to be my company. Sheha Media is about to be a free agent. So that means Nightcap and Club Sheha, I'll be able to take it wherever we want to go. OCHO could stay with the Volume. That's a very, very strong possibility. I'll still the Volume. So let's just say y'all wanna think I would, I'd be willing to risk that. So next five to seven years potential 120 to 200 million. You think I would be willing to riff that to do this? So lemme ask you out there, tell me what rumor, what you would be willing to risk you. Would you be willing to risk a hundred to $200 million just to refute a rumor?


And half of you're gonna believe what you're gonna believe because it's almost like a Trump supporter. No matter what you tell them bad about Trump, they're gonna believe the good. So I just wanna know, I want y'all to get in the chat and I want y'all to tell me, you tell me the rumor that you would be willing to refute and lose a hundred to $200 million. Well, Lavelle, I ask you Lavelle, would you be willing to lose a hundred to $200 million to refute to refute a rumor and to sell some merchandise? No, because I ain't never had that opportunity to ever lose a hundred million dollars. And if I get hundred million dollars, my team would be as white as both of y'all.


You understand? You took a lot of risk in that. You know, they could, they seen all your muscles, they could have seen your penis size. You, and if it ain't up the par, you ain't got good lighting and makeup to you. I I'm glad with more audio. You don't want nobody judging you. Yeah. And if they would've seen it like, oh man, if you But you might get Trojan though. Trojan might come In. Yeah. And you, you gotta think They ain't gonna come in with no hundred Million. You gotta think too. If you think about it, listen, this is the first time, now this is the first time we had a sex book. Write a sex tape for that matter. But it is nothing visible.


It's audio. So now this is the first time ever, but It's still me. Don't, Joe. I know it's still you, but we can't see you. We can just hear you. So this is the first you, this is the invention of something new. This Is like I first knew, I wanna know how did they know it was you? Did you say this is Shannon Shaw laying down pipe? No, it did you make an announcement? Did you say, did Shannon Shaw, I'm killing this thing. Did you say That? Nah, you or you had to, you had to listen. All you had to hear you finna take this dick. That's my Michelle. Get back. Come on that. That's, that's my, that's Michelle. That's gonna mean anybody. It it, It it gave it it gave it gave it away clear hair Every look.


It was, it was, it was my IG live and I get it. 'cause a lot of stuff on the internet is staged. It's stage four attention. But you mean to tell me you think I'm willing to risk six and seven figure sponsor deals, six and seven figure advertising deals and between a hundred and $200 million just to refute something, a rumor that you're gonna believe one way or another. Whether I it doesn't matter. But I'm gonna lose that. And they're like, you know what, that man was willing to lose $200 million. Ain't no way he gave y'all how. I mean how dumb do you guys sound? I mean I want you guys because there are some guys that have po because everybody that does podcasts avail, they don't make money.


You don't make money unless you got advertisers and sponsors. Lemme, that's way something Brother Money. Lemme tell you something bro, between Kat Williams and I'm gonna put mine up there too. I had a good interview but, but you having this sex tape, you gonna be interested for a long time brother. Trust me. And I guarantee, I don't know, I don't know the sponsor business. And you right, you ain't gonna risk, you ain't gonna risk those business 'cause you been, you are a icon with the people and icon a spokesperson in the world and people do be like, oh we gotta take a hand off. Like they ain't got no sex tapes. Like they ain't doing nothing freaking after people that probably pull it off.


They checking, they checking they videos, making sure they live wasn't on. But how'd your live get on? That's what I wanna know. Don't you impress? I figured the towel. Hold on, hold on. Oh go ahead. Guess what Lavelle, since we speaking the sponsors, since it's still within the 36 hours of the events, RO wants to to gift all the participants of this roast of meat a subscription if prescribed to Roast Sparks. So you know what, you can go for 36 hours if need be. Now you might not want to go but like 10, 15 minutes. But if you wanted to go for 36, have that.


I get sleepy after five, six minutes. I ain't trying to prove nothing. I'm happy to be married. My wife is good with the phone and I look, we we got other things we gotta do. My son got be in school this morning. I can't be trying to show off and my, my, my legs went to sleep. I done dehydrated 'cause I drunk more sweet tea than water. I can't do that. I can't, I can't do that. Oh man, I can't do that. I can't do that baby. But, but I, I but that's, that's, you know me to hear that my whole, my whole problem is is how did this laugh get on? You ain't said nothing about that. You tell about these sponsors.


How did you get on? Oh look, if I could tell Ash was telling me today. Ash say look, I'm gonna get you a flip phone. I done FaceTime. I done, but I done but dial, FaceTime, Ash. But first of all, was it on your hip while you was hitting the ass? No. No. All my important It must've been you can't put your phone to the side. You gonna be in a business then while you tagging some ass. No, but here's the, here, here's the thing. It must, I must have had the phone on on IG Open and I threw the phone on the, I threw the phone. That's why you couldn't see anything. Ah, why, why y'all think if I was doing it, why you didn't see anything?


I ain't, I ain't, I ain't look now who I told you I wasn't gonna look. I just, I know I don't, I I don't, I've never been on IG live. But who the whole purpose of doing IG live is so what you can be seen. Yeah. Yeah. That's the whole purpose of it. Yeah. Who does IG live? Just to have audio? Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it was, you know that, that's true. I mean it was, it was weird because I threw the phone on the bed and his face down. That's why in the beginning you all you saw was white was white because that's the sheet. I picked the phone up because it was on, it was on, it was, you know, up under her. And she's like, she's moving. I was like, well, you know, and I'm looking, I see the phone.


So that's when I picked the phone up and all you saw was the head, all you saw was the headboard. Okay. Okay. You never saw any face. So if I have knew it was on normally IG live work, you are trying to be seen. You want people to see, Hey this is the, hey this is UNC right here. I'm on IG live taking a look. Come on man. Y'all, y'all really think and I got a job in corporate America. Yeah, you with the Disney. Come think about let for just a second. You got a lot of people talking to you. So you couldn't really respond to all your fans. You gotta wave and everything. You can't do that while you tapping at you can't. But, and that's the thing though. Shout out to Sean. I never said shout. I never said anything. If I'm on IG Live, why didn't I say anything?


Why didn't I greet the guests? I mean, anytime I'm on, I welcome people to come in the club. Sheha, Nightcap. I ain't say nothing because, and Lalle, I didn't turn, I didn't turn the IG on ig the IG live off. 'cause I didn't even know it was on. Jordan has access to my phone. Hell, if he hadn't have turned it off, it might've been still, it might've still been going. How did you go? You know, you, you was taking that stuff. Hey, I ain't gonna like, hey, hey. I did that de I had to hop down, off, off. Yeah. I had to hop off. Off. Hey La la ODI had to hop up off a, you know, I just couldn't, couldn't raise.


I had to hop, you know what I'm saying? My dog, my dog was scuba diving man. He, we was scuba diving. Yeah. Was it two, was it more than two girls? That's what, that's what was it? One or two girls? Because ain't nobody gonna, when I uhuh, Lavelle when I engaged in that kinda activity, it's like basketball one on one. Oh yeah. We, we all in the Ain't nobody but her. I ain't no dribbling going on. Okay. I just know it's a straight post up. I know how you is with white women. I, I ain't know. There you go. The bestie. There you go. See you see that's how rumors get started. That's how rumors get started. Right.


Black. That's why I was like, damn, damn. She sound like her name's Shante. I'm used to being like, oh my God. Oh, oh yeah. I Hey LaBelle, we got some of these coming for you. Re I I'm just saying you don't have to go 36 hours, but I'm just saying if you wanted to, I got my beau my beautiful wife made me go as long as possible. That's as good as I got. I I'm grown. Hey, hey, I ain't gonna be sitting out here. Be mad as hell. Be like my wife, she don't want, we can married. We married for a reason.


Just enough. Yeah. So, so Chad people that's gonna see this. I want you to, I want You'all to ask yourself this question. To refute any rumor, would you be willing to forego a hundred to $200 million? No, I wouldn't, I wouldn't wanna mess to refute a rumor and sell some merchandise. You, you, you right about that. Yeah. They they know that they they know they wouldn't, they, they obviously wouldn't. But you See the thing that in your defense doctor in you off Chad in your defense, you got a whole camera crew. You, you could have really elaborated on it and put put the work in Yes. Sound and everything. Yes. I got game, camera Angle, camera angle. You could had three, you had three cameras set up and done everything professionally.


If you gonna do it, do it Right. And the thing, and, and what I hate the most, Lavelle, is that I put people, you know, I employ like I got like 10 people on staff. Mo most people that all operate a podcast ain't got 10 people. Yeah. I'm talking, I ain't talking about no parttime. I'm talking about fulltime. Even when we not shooting, they getting paid. When we took a two month, when we took off on Cho, they got paid. Hey, hey, hey, Hey Kai, can I fill out the application? You I'm not paid when we ain't working. I say not a chat about uncle, uncle Freak.


Hey, tell him to jump on. Tell him tell him tell him to jump on. We got something for him anyway. Hey Matter He got, we he, we gotta send him some of them all, some of them sparks. Man. Hey look bro, his head mate. Hey, hey look, when I first, when I heard that I, you need to be at least, you need to be at least five 10. He he that short. Who is that? He no, five 10. No, he five five. I say you need to be, I mean this thing right here have everything hard. Your ears, your nose, your tough, everything hard. You kill that little dude. Man. You know El don't supposed to Elfs don't supposed to have be that hony.


He, he gotta go make them cookies and stuff up in that tree. He can't be doing that. Oh shoot. Hey, hey, hey. I take a, hey, hey label. I been about to take one of these. I'm gonna have to have a sun room coffin. They ain't gonna be able to close the lid. Look here. Hey, you need to leave your thing alone. You already got him in enough trouble. You need to rest. Yeah, you right. You right LaBelle. You right. You need ready. He he's in this problem with you. You need to put him on here and let him explain himself. Nah, what, what, what's said what's understood. Don't even be said. You, you always find a way though.


You find a way but you know what, but you know. But you know what Lavelle, you put that bad mouth on me. You spoke that into existence. You the one that said that, Hey you do to do a sex tape. I said hell nah. Doing no sex tape. I said they can talk all they want to. Hey, but you ain you spoke that into existence. Lae your lady friend. She, she, her booty cheek must have had a finger on it. 'cause she might have pressed that line. Her booty cheek might have pressed You said it was under her and she just like blew. Yeah. And she and she didn't even know. She didn't know. Hell nah, because here's the thing, Lalle, that's why in the beginning all you saw was white. Yeah, it was all white.


Lisa Sheets was clean. You gonna have Lisa Sheets was clean and ain't no reason why you had no dirty ass sheets up or nothing temporarily. Where was the dogs at? Where was the dogs at? Shanda. What? My phone He can't hear. Yeah. Hey Kai, check your z Check your DM ocho. If if he, if he's still on there, tell him to check his dm. Alright Kai, if you still Kai you still on there? Check your dm. Yeah, but I, I just, I think the thing is because a lot of times, you know, like a lot of stuff, a lot of times people do things on social media to get attention.


I mean I, I I think I'm pretty good. Well he wanted to go viral. Come on viral. Have a viral moment. O Joe. We had a viral moment And, we wasn't even trying to have no viral Moment. We go viral every week. Huh? We go viral And. we are not two individuals that actually need attention. Two individuals that actually don't need attention. Y'all both NFL superstars. Y'all got, y'all got everything going on. But let me ask you something, Chad, when Mike BB said you ain't had no eyebrows, did you get mad? Nah, 'cause I got eyebrows. They right there. I don't know what he was talking about. Mike, be listen, me and Mike, we need, we need to have a roasting session because I'm, I'm the original roaster like I really do. So Hey, you didn't ever say nothing back though when he said you ain't got, Oh because listen, I ain't say nothing back because him and UNC was going through it.


Right. And I, I was, I was, I was in the background. You know I'm the one standing in the background with my hands behind my back, you know, just pacing back and forth just in case something pop off. So you know, Mike, that's my people. You know we cool but you know everything, it re it resolved itself. But you Still boxing? Nah, nah, nah. Once, once I went down, I hung that shit up bro. I said oh 85 about to knock 'em out. But when you went down I was like, yes. Hey listen, sometimes Charity ain't good. Nah, it it, it ain't, it ain't it ain't it ain't. It's all, it's all good. It Was least he got in there though. Oh yeah, I, I got in there. I, hey I, hey, I would let him thing go now.


I Dude got bragging right down at, at The Home Depot. Well you gotta under you, you, you gotta understand he's a, he's a fighter. He fights for a living. Like that's, that's what he do. Yeah. Yeah. I, I ain't ain't Man you, you see, you didn't hear, you didn't hear Lavelle sneak that in. Lavelle said the man got bragging rights at home. Depot. He said you fought somebody that stock. She the whole See you didn't catch. Thank you. I heard, I heard him. I heard. That's why I had the cracking real quick. Get him a better understanding. I'm mean there with somebody that do it for a living. He do it for a living. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He Said hey, he sell nails and s for a hey, hey. He let you know how much warranty get on that, get on that drive down, get Batterie with it.


And we will come and install. You know I knocked that Ochocinco but why and yeah, label. I don't care what nobody said. You spoke that into existence LaBelle. You wasn't supposed to break that up. Yeah, yeah. You know the, when, when I heard it because I, I heard I don't be into that too much. You know I'm grown man. I'm about to go film a movie. Me and Adam Sand, I, I I be on my, on my grind so I don't be knowing. But then they were talking about everybody like you hear what happened to blah, blah blah. And then I heard you, I said he got sick day and I felt so proud. I'm proud that you listen to me but you feeling proud for because you listen to me but ain't listening to you, man.


Hey You, hey you got, you got? Yeah. Hey Lavee, you gotta remember, you gotta remember both of y'all gotta remember just for future reference. You gotta remember the tongue is a powerful thing. I'm very Powerful. Anything, any, any, anything you speak, there's a possibility. It always may come true. It might not come true right then and there, but down the line you preach down the road You preaching back. With that being said, you preaching. When that being said, ve next time you around me, keep your damn mouth closed. Hey, it's gonna be all houses now. Don't speak nothing. You gonna get hundred million. I appreciate that. Sponsors you, me, you gonna be partner up. We gonna make a 200 million a piece baby. That's what I'm speaking in. Alright? Yeah, label man. Thanks for joining us tonight man.


We appreciate So we know you on the road. Busy. I appreciate that man. You gonna next time make the audio look better so he hear everything Man. Get off our, get off our line man. Later man. That's Lavelle Crawford. If he kill sitting near you, make sure you check him out. Very, very funny man. Go follow him on his, tell him your social media handle LaBelle on IG and Twitter. Alright, thanks for joining us LaBelle. Appreciate you bro. See, he don't know how to work the computer either.


Look at it. Hey he, hey. He just as bad as you with that phone. Yeah. Alright, Ocho, we got a, we got a very, very special guest here. Yous right here bro. Bro, bro, bro, bro. What's up boy? What's good? Hey, hey, hey cop, before you even start right, I got, I got a question for you.


You ever, you ever film any horizontal or vertical activity with anybody you've been with? Never. Nope. Nope. Okay. Never, never, never. But lemme tell you who did Uncle Dead. I'll go dead. Yo, Shannon. I'm not gonna lie, bro. From what I was hearing, my nigga, you putting that working bro? Yeah, yeah I was. What's that? We gonna send you some of these. What is, wait, hold on. What is that? It'll have you right, it'll have you right for up to 36 hours. Oh yeah.


It might be a little bit. You had took one of wait, you took one of those? Yeah. Yeah. That, that was the problem. He took one of them. That, that was the problem. We going, we gonna send, we gonna send you some of them. They gonna have you at 36 hours. You got, you got a girl. So you not married? I got a girl. I done got a girl, but Suno Hold on. Hold, hold. Ono. You mean soon? What? It's complicated. Nah, it ain't even complicated. It's just more like I wanna, I wanna settle I one I got How tall are you? I'm five 11. About be six feet. Oh, you about to have that surgery.


Why are you laughing at me? Huh? Why are you laughing at me? Gonna Be Hold on you five 11 and you finna be six feet. Oh, you finna get the p Oh, you finna get the procedure done? Yes. You finna get No, no, I'm growing. I'm growing brom, I'm growing. Oh, you feel me? I play basketball, but hold on. Ocho Ocho, come on. Like a, a, a, a. Hey, you know I got a question uncle. Now. Yeah. Get together. You know what I'm saying? So hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Yes, Shannon. So when you found out that, wait, hold on. Wait, wait. Why is he not on the screen? How do I get stay? Hold on. I gotta see his space when I say this. There we go. So Shannon, coach, you know, you my coach.


Yeah, yeah. And stuff like that. You know, I'm a player of your team back in February. Yeah. I gave you great. Lemme ask you this, bro. Yep, yep, yep, yep. Got hundred percent on the field. But ask you this, Shannon, how did it feel when, like you found out that she was alive? Did your heart drop? Absolutely. The first thing that happened. I thought it was all over because I'm like, bro, I'm like, I'm like live. I say, could they see anything? And you know, they was like, no. They could just hear. And it's your IG live and everybody knows your voice.


I have a very distinctive voice, so you know, it's me. That's my Michelle. That was you. And the prop. And the thing, the thing that really saved me is that Jordan is on my, is an admin on my account. Jordan cut it off on his end. I didn't know it was on, so it would've still been going for 10, 15, 20. Maybe even. Hold on, hold on. Wait. So wait, hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Jordan was on your account. Jordan is an admin on my account. So Jordan can tweet from my phone. He can send IG messages from my phone. He can, he's on admin on my Facebook? Yes. Okay. All right. All right, all right, all right. Also, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.


So, so like, I, I heard like you talking a little bit. Yeah. What was you whispering in her ear? That's my Michelle. He said, that's my Michelle. I was like, you got, you got, you gotta get some earphones and listen to it. I listened to it in my earphones. He be like, yeah, you gonna take this dick? Yeah, that's, yeah, that's, that's, that's my Michelle. Yeah. And they hold on. You ain't hear And if you listen close enough. You can hear the ass slap. You can hear the ass slap it sound. It was like, remember, I dunno if you went to church, Kai, but remember in, in on, in church, you know when they played the, they hit the tambourines? Yeah, that's what they was. Yeah. Bye. Like, okay, okay, okay.


He talking about, he, he talking about he embarrassed. I'm like, it ain't nothing to be embarrassed about. Hey Shannon, you a little, you a freak bro. You a freak bro. You is a freak, bro. You is a freak. I'm not gonna lie, bro. Man, Kai, man, look here. We got some, we got some unfinished business, man. We appreciate you jumping on with us for a quick moment. We know you busy. Of course, bro. Doing your thing. I appreciate it. Hey, I'll be in touch with you 'cause we know we got some business we gotta talk about. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. I'll be in touch with y'all. Ocho good seeing y'all. Good say y'all. Yo, first of all, I wanna say, bro, I love y'all, bro. All luck to y'all. Talk to everybody. All right. Appreciate y'all for having me on. And, and Shannon, stop being so freaky, bro.


Next time put your phone all the way in the next room. All right. I'm leave in before you get some, before you get that pussy bro, put the phone in the next room. Okay? Nah, I'm gonna leave it in the car. Yeah, leave that. Leave it in the car, bro. Alright, appreciate that, Kai. I'll see y'all later. All right? Yes. All right. Hey Kai. Funny man.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star, Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian, now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church, and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's Possible, listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here, just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic, and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more no long. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars. Join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha Yeah, I'm Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in. So off the edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Bad. That dude there. Funny man. Talk about I a talk about, hey, talking about I'm five 11, finna be six feet. He ain't even, he ain't even five, five finna be five six. He that he that short. Yeah, he about five three. Come on. Come on Unc. Don't say I'm No for real. Five three. No, for real. Yeah, I got, I got, I got, I got, I got, I got somebody, I got somebody for him. That's, that's like comparison to height that I'm a I'm, I'm gonna hook, I'm hook. I'm hook it up. Yeah. Yeah. Is he ready to go? Oh yeah. But man, I and that, that's what I'm saying, like people, if people were to just like sit back and they, They, that's what they don't do.


See, see the key words you just said, if people sat back and thought, people can't think because people aren't in the situations to actually have that thought process. So the first thing they go to is the negative. Oh, he did it on purpose because they can't fathom if they were in the situation or in your shoes based on what you have going on and understanding the possibility of losing what you already have and what what you can potentially get. They can't see that. They can't see past That. If I was, if Ocho, you're absolutely right. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I was an upstart podcast and I wanted to get people's attention. Now that makes sense. Do now it makes sense. Now you can, now you have a legit argument.


All y'all that's talking about, I did this for stage. I'm on top of you. Pause, I'm on top. You the A Okay, let's just say we, we, we, we climbing a mountain and I'm up. I'm a, I'm at a higher stage than what you guys are, right? No, The only people that can say if, if Joe Rogan wants to say it was staged to, so I was, was trying to catch him. Okay. If Alex Cooper call your daddy, I ain't Finn to argue with her. She's gotten two or $300 million contract. We know what Joe Rogan. Joe Rogan is the top of the food chain. The Kelsey Brothers new heights. But bro, who just to refute, just to refute a rumor, would be willing to forego potentially a hundred, $200 million.


I've got six figure and seven figure sponsors that says, well I'm sorry Shannon, we don't know if you know, we should continue this relationship. So I'm just gonna say, hey, but I wanna shoot down that rumor. At least now I lost a hundred million, 200 million. They ain't gonna think I'm gay. Because who would've did that? If he would've gay, he wouldn't ran. Y'all. I think what you have to understand is you, you have to look at it from a business perspective and a a a a business lens as well. Even with the sponsors. They understand and they know, they see the trajectory in which we are gone. Yes. And I, and I'm gonna back that Up.


Even, even even in the midst of the mistake, they understand what's to come even after weathering the storm. Because you know what, you know what come after the rain? What come after the rain? Unc come at the ring. Unc, stop playing. It ain't even Sunday. Don't make, don't get me the preaching now. Yeah. You know, I got, I I got Church closed too.


Speaking of sponsors, before we get to our next guest, we got what's Ollie popping off? Yeah. I ain't got no Ali popping here. I'm all the way in Chicago. I done seen Ollie popping in AU though. I don't. No dare you. Yeah, Yeah. Op Ojo, you know OP was what was the first sponsor Yeah. Of the tour. They jumped in before everybody else. They say we wanna be a part of this. How can we be a part of this? And here they are, you know, they're still supporting Nightcap even after the tour is over. So we really appreciate Op And. if you haven't tried it, it's, it's gut, gut help, help. 'cause what it is basically is less sugar than your average soda. And it has probiotic so it's good for your gut with less sugar and they got ginger. So I really rock with it. You know what you can do also with op you can, it can, it can be a cha it can be a chaser. When you take that spark. It is. You take it, it Put it up under your tongue. You just put it up under your tongue. Now you gotta get good with it because you know I'm good. I'm like been twi this, you know, I put that thing up under my tongue and be talking just like everything's fine. Ain't nothing going on. Ain't nothing. Hey, hey. But soon ain't nobody gonna move with me. Hey L Jordan. I get right. Don't nobody move with me. Oh man. And the next thing you know, it's like saloon doors. That what, what kind of, what kind of doors? Saloon doors you ever seen Saloon doors? How you go? And they just, they in, they go in in, they go out on these right here. That's how you have it. I like it. Hold on. Lemme grab, lemme grab a water. Go ahead.


Oh man. Yeah, we might need get, get a t-shirt. Talking about, that's my mache. I I told you, I told you on Look at, look at Old as that shit I told you on the shirts that say Night clap. Like, like somewhere on the back or may maybe on the, just somewhere. It should just The back say, that's why Michelle, that's my Michelle. I'm, man, listen, I don't, I don't know who Michelle is, but yeah, you got you, you got you. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta take care of her. You gotta take care of her. 'cause she, she famous. I guarantee you. Every person, every person named Michelle. I guess I guarantee you somebody's gonna stop it.


If they watch us and they know, they know night camp, they know clu, they know me. They're gonna ask, were you, were you the Michelle, UNC? And then probably be like, don't put me Dave. No, I don't even know who UNC is. Oh boy. You know how many my dms is full. I told, I told, I told you now. I sent you, I sent you a small example, mems. Oh yeah. And Good, I know, I know yours full. Maybe you don't know how to check 'em. That's the problem. So everybody sending me messages, well tell Unc I want him to do me like he did. Michelle tell Unc hit my phone. Tell Unc why he not answering the dms.


Tell him man. Oh Lord Man. OCHO Lee alone. Man. Let, I'm, I'm mention, I'm sorry. Oh No, I accept it. I accepted your apology. Oh. Oh hell, my bad. God.


What's up dog? Fr what's up? What's good? What's up? Why y'all doing Man, man? Right, right, right here. I'm, I I'm, I'm doing as well as can be expected. Godfrey. I, you know what I think, I mean, you could probably imagine, I think you're taking it like a champ. You're taking it like a champ. Like she, like she did. I like, I mean what at this point Godfrey what choice do, what choices do I have? You have none. You gotta be like George Michael, when he got caught in the bathroom, he just took it and said, yeah, yeah. I was in the bathroom looking at him. Yeah, I did it.


George Michael, remember he got the whole controversy. Yeah. And you gotta just let it roll off. If you, if you got mad at it and you didn't let us roast you, then it would look real suspect. You know what I mean? Right. And you took it and you like, Hey man, let them roast me. That's how you do it. And by the way too, you shattered all the myths, my man, you shattered all the myths, man. You know what I'm saying? Because, you know, was making of you, you know, questioning you and you brought it. You know, I'm, and here's how I knew you were doing it. I, I was, I was actually, I got a notification on, 'cause I follow you. So it said Shannon Sharp is live. I said, why is Shannon Sharp live?


He's never live. You don't need to live. Right? And so sudden I'm thinking, you're trying to adjust your phone and I just be a ashy arm. Just I see your arm. Like, I dunno. He was like, I was like, he doing push up. And then I hear, I'm like, and then I hear you that deep, you on that deep. I say, oh yeah, that's right. Like my mama said, if you gonna dig, just bring that shovel. If you gonna dig, you gotta bring the shovel. That's what my grandma told me. I just, but I, I, at, at that point, once I realized what had happened, and like I said yeah, like a good soldier, Jordan, he's like, he put what he put up.


And then once I talked to my lawyer, I talked to my agency, they spoke to ESPN, we huddled up And. we, you know, I said, this is what happened. I talked to everybody. Yes, sir. So my thing was, I called an emergency thing last night. There there's a saying that says, look, if you don't like the sound of the gun, take the bullet out of it. Whoa, whoa. I, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Godfrey. Hold on. I gotta write that shit down. Hold on. Yes sir. Hey, bring me that, bring me that one more time. You know, if you don't like the sound of, if you don't like the sound of the gun, take the bullet out of it. Take the bullet. I owned up to it. I owned up to it. That's me. I made a mistake. Yeah.


It, it was not intentional. No. And I I I'm gonna ask you what I asked Lavelle just a moment ago. Yeah. Godfrey, if, would you be willing to lose a hundred, $200 million to dispel a myth, a rumor? Would you be willing to forego that? Just to prove that they said Godfrey was gay or Godfrey did this and you are willing to forego a hundred to 200 million. Just to dispel that rumor. I would be like, you know, listen, first of all, first of all, when they say that you think you're gay, that means you've made it. You understand? Because everybody that gets famous is like, oh, I think he gay. He might be gay. So I would, I would not give it No, I wouldn't do that to mess up my money.


Hell no. I wouldn't do. That's, that's none of anybody's business anyway at first place. I'm saying. So, you know what I mean? So what, what, just because you don't go around showing who you're dating and all that shit. What is that? What is, what is that some people like to do that showcase that relationships and all that. A lot of people don't do that. You know what I mean? But if I, if someone said I think he's gay, I'd be like, well, it is what it is. And had I, and had I done that, yeah. Guess what y'all, they'd have done dragged her into something that she didn't want to be a part. Hell, I didn't wanna be a part of it, but because of who I am, it was, and it came from my account, I'm involved. Yeah. But she doesn't want, she doesn't want to be bo want to be involved.


Right, right. She shouldn't be involved. I thought that, I thought you played it well. I think you just, you didn't lose anything. Right? I mean, look, yes, I had a, I had a a a, a big interview. It was gonna be, she, that person would've been the most famous person to date that have ever sat down with old club Shesha. Oh. Oh dang. We have, we have some six and seven figure sponsors Yeah. That are uncertain if they want to continue the relationship with OCHO and I and myself on Nightcap, I mean on Club Shaha. Come on, man. So yes, there, there is, there is some things that have been lost. But you know what, you know what a Godfrey, this is what I say my grandpa used to say all the time, he said, you get to control your actions.


You don't get to, you don't get to control the consequences. That's true. That's true. So I'm willing to accept any consequences. Yeah. That came from my actions. Yeah. I hate that. I put people, I got employees. Yeah. Ocho and I partner that's taking food, that's taking food off his table. Yeah. So I put us me my carelessness, my recklessness, my negligence. Yeah. Put us in harm's way and for people to say it was staged when they know how I care for my employees, they know how I care for, I call it employee, but we we're a family. Right. We're we're family. Yeah. And, and, and I, I was just that, that's what hurt. Look. Yeah.


I'm embarrassed by it. Yeah. I'm embarrassed by it. You'll be, you'll be alright. But the first, another thing too is I think they thought it was staged just from the chronology of what has happened to you. People say, oh, they calling you gay da da all this stories like, oh, when Cameron and them said, yo, I think he's trying to prove that he wasn't. So it kind of makes sense. You dumb shit. You know what I'm saying? Yes, they do. They stage a lot of, but I didn't see that from you though. Like, why you, you just Don't, you know, you gotta think about, Seem like the dude that got, You gotta think about Godfrey, you gotta think about with social media and the people that stage things like the people that most of the time, the people that stage things are trying to gain, they have nothing. Nothing. They have nothing to lose.


And, and in, in our situation or for, for unc for that matter, we have, he has everything to lose Everything to Bulls out, not anything to gain. So that, that, that's the difference for those that, that that, and, and as many times as UNC explains it, people are still gonna believe what they wanna believe and really not understanding. Yeah. Like there's a lot, there's a lot on the table. There's a lot on this plate, man. Yeah. Yes. I know you guys are, you guys are killing it, man. You're killing it. And it was a mistake, man. We human. You know what I mean? It, it's, and that, that was the hard, that was the hardest part, Godfrey, because I go out of my way to be extra private. Right. I guard my kids, I guard my family. You do. I guard my home.


Yeah. I gar I don't, I don't post stuff in my home. I used to post my shoes and I used to, every once in a while I'll do a post here and there. I used to post my bags. I don't post anything anymore. I said, you know what? Yeah. I'm finna, I'm finna, I'm finna lock it down. Yeah. But you and I'm sorry that I don't give, I don't give people an opportunity to see more of me. Yeah. But I feel that the more I can keep myself insulated, I know it's gonna increase the speculation. Yeah. That's why everybody can say, I think, yeah. Nobody can say, well, I've, I've seen this. Yeah. Or there's there there's irrefutable proof. They can't go, they can't go to, they can't go to women and say, well, hey, what's he did this? He did. They can't go to anybody. Yeah. So now they just speculating and they make stuff up.


Well, you know, at least the good thing that you last long, bro. You didn't just like, and I, you know what? But you know what, but you know what, you know what happens when God, when, when, when God has favor for you. When God says, okay, I'm gonna put you here and I'm gonna give you this. Yeah. All that speculation. All y'all trying to throw rocks to get me off of it. Yeah. Ain't coming down until he says get off it. That's right. Hey, man, I, I think that your reputation is so, it's so good. So great that you have enough good points. You know, because if they, if they get you for this thing, I'm just like, okay, then someone just didn't like you in the first place.


That's how I feel. You know what I mean? Because so many people do worse things than nap. You know, do worse than nap. And that was just a little mistake. It's like, we're human, you know, Hey, you know, we have sex. You know, that's what we do. Sometimes the phone is on, sometimes you butt dial somebody and hey, it's what it was. Because here's another thing they were saying. They say, well, you don't just, you don't just accidentally get on live. You don't just accidentally get on live. I go, I did Right. The way these phones work, I couldn't, if, if, if you came here now and said, okay, Shannon, get on live. Yeah. I couldn't tell you how to do it. I couldn't show you how to do it. Right, right, right, right. So you probably, yeah. And, and the way these phones move, the, the, the slightest touch you can get on a page you don't even realize.


So Yeah, it is. Yeah. So I I i, I I think you gonna be all right. You know what I mean? Hey Godfrey, what's up? As for coming on tonight, we gonna send you some of these. What's those? What's those? It gonna have you like gonna have you like on those? Those what I was on, that was on. Oh, you gonna have Oh, oh, shit. It I'm gonna be, but hell yeah. Hey, you right here. 36 hours Godfrey. I ain't gonna say you need to go all 36, but if you wanted to, you could. Oh hell yeah. I want that. Lemme get that. You know, like my grandmamma said, if you gonna stay in it, stay in it forever. But I'm glad you having a good sense of humor about it.


You know, you guys, you're at the top. You guys are at the top. Man. Your your, your podcast is great. And you know, we don't have a lot of African American podcasts that are big, that are big like this your Nightcap, the, and it's important that we have that and that we keep that. So I, I wish you well and I can't wait to come back on that show one day again. You know? I appreciate it, man. Thank you for taking time out to meet you, man. For real. Yes sir. Appreciate it, sir. Hey, Godfrey, tell him, tell him your social media handles. Tell 'em about your podcast. Yeah. My podcast is in Godfrey. We trust on the gas digital network. Tuesdays 10:00 PM Eastern. You can go to Godfrey live com to see where I'm gonna be. And also you can go to my Godfrey comic is my Instagram and I'll be in Columbus, Ohio at the end of this month.


Columbus, Ohio. Funny Bone baby. You know, that's how we do it. That's my main man, the guy guy with the great impersonation. He does a great Shannon Sharp. He does an unbelievable Steve Harvey that is Godfrey this right now. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you top five answers on the board. Here's the question. Name something sharp to do when he has sex. Turn off the phone, boy. God appreciate it. Boy, love man, love


Volume. Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment in anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.