
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy


This song Goes out to my new best pal PayPal. Now that I get 5% cash back with my PayPal debit card every month on the category, I choose my PayPal and I we're going everywhere together. 'cause I want to pay with you everywhere. I pay with PayPal at the shoe store, the Wind Chime store, the.com store, all the stores. Oh hi. Don't just pay PayPal Terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bay and Court Bank NA, pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple Intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability. Updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


What's good? It's Coleen Whit And Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Phone, thugs and Harmony, and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen To Eating while broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The Volume


NFL Week one is here. And the new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns, Draftking hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new draft King customers bet. $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. DraftKings Sportsbook app use Coach Shannon. That's Coach Shannon. For new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho t Higgins. We're gonna transition to more upbeat positive news. Even though this isn't positive, Ocho t Higgins appears to be unlikely to play against the chief with a hamstring injury that popped up last Thursday in practice. Bengals offense was a mess Sunday and a loss to the Patriots. It was a brutal loss for the Bengals who were only Muster 164 passing yards. It's also a brutal development for Higgs whose 2023 season was marred by injuries before getting hit with the franchise tag. His stock continues to fall hard potentially as he hits unrestricted free agency. Will the Bengals ever see a healthy Jamar, chase and t Higgins on the field together?


Yeah. Yeah, I think so. And it it is funny that, you know, you, you mentioned TI talked, I talked to T last week and I just gave him some advice on, on what he could do to get himself healthy as far as him sitting out this game. He was, he was in good spirits. He was in good spirits. And he said, man, I can tell y'all shit Chad, we family. We family. And I, I don't think t would have an issue with that because what we talked about was positive. I mean, it's, it, it was positive. And he's gonna do all he can to make sure he's out there, you know, for the Kansas City game. And I told him to be careful. I told him to be careful because there's something you don't wanna play with. Soft tissue injuries. Hamstring, groin calf. What, what, what, what else?


Soft tissue. You just Qua anybody. Soft tissue calves, ham, groin, adductors. Yeah. Yeah. I, I told him, listen, what you don't wanna do is don't go out there too early. Don't go out there too early. See how it feels in practice. You know, I say take a Wednesday off, take Thursday off. Don't even practice this week. Practice Friday if, if you got to, and then open up and see how you feel. If you feel like you can open up and you don't feel a little pinch or no or no Pull, no tug. Yeah, no, no tug. But you, you good to go. You good to go? So I think, I think us, for us, the Bengals in general, obviously, and TI think we going, we gonna be all right for some reason. You gotta think we we're two and six under Zach Taylor, we two and six in week one in the last 10 games.


Two and six week one. So I'm used to us always having a slow start offensively. We always start slow. I think we gonna be all right. And I, I bet with us emotionally against New England. Yeah, you did, did you, did you definitely be emotionally So, so right now, based on what I saw from the Pats, I, I think the, I mean the pats I'm talking about what based one I saw from the Chiefs. Yes. I, I think the Chiefs might win this one. As much as I love my bangals, I think the chiefs might win with wi might win with, ah, might win this one. If we have chase plan And, we got teeth plan. All right. That changes everything. That changes the dynamic. Yeah. It's, and that's the thing with with, because the suddenness in which you need to move, you need to be able to start, stop, transition, get in and outta that break and guess Pulling on you too, huh?


Yeah. You gotta deal with people pulling On you too. Man. That was the only thing I said. Guys, look, I don't mind you if I, if if I, if I break free from you, don't me, right? Because I'm pulling the heart. You make me hurt you, you make me tweak my hamstring. Yep. And, and then I'm gonna turn around and swing on you. So I ain't gonna lie. So don't, don't, don't, don't, don't turn. That was, that was my only rule. Ocho. I look okay guys holding me trying to get off the line to get it because I know they going, because back then they let, they held the shit out. You. Oh, excuse me. They held a, they held a crap outta you back, back in the nineties, man. They ain't called nothing, don't you man. It was literally a fight out there. But don't tug my jersey once I break away from you don't do that.


'cause you know, a lot of times it's to call what, what we call like a slingshot move. I did it to a lot of D linemen. Like they get in front of me, I grab them and then pull myself. I launch myself in front of them and now I'm in a position where I could block them. And that's what DBS do. They would tug you and the next thing you know, they in front of you to lock the ball down. So that was my only thing. And it's, it's, it's tough. And I went through something very similar to what, what, what t's going through. Signed the contract in 96. It was a three year deal. Made me the highest paid. Told me that, Hey Shannon, you know, you played like you played, we gonna tear this contract up, you'll never get to the third year we going, we going to extend it.


Right. So 97, I come in OCHO 97, I come in first team all pro 1100 yards, lead the team in receiving. Hmm. 98. Go in, lead the team in touchdowns, first team all pro again. No contract, no not even talking about contract. Mm. Come in. I, I, I tweaked my adductor probably about 10 days before we got a report. Ocho man, that thing wouldn't get healthy for nothing. And so I deal with that all training camp and I managed to get through it and I was able to get massages, got it worked on and it started to feel better.


Get off to a great start Ocho I think I got like in the first three or four games I got like 24, 20, 23, 24 catches cooking. Yeah. In that fourth game, Ocho Darien Gordon, who was ex teammate of mine, did what we call teacup. So he catching me like this. I'm running shallow and he tackled pinned my arm. Yeah. Broke my collarbone. Ah, oh, you hit the ground. He put all that pressure on you too hard, All that. It don't take much pressure to break the collarbone, right? Yeah. And I knew it. I knew it instantly. Yeah. I knew it instantly. I remember sitting, I remember sitting up Greek, I motioned the Greek to come get, come, come Greek.


I said Greek is my collarbone. He said, what you think happened? Sharpie? I said Greek, I broke it. He said, you think so? So he put his, he put his hands up under, up under my pa up under my pass, right? Yeah. Sharper you. He like o man missed the rest of the year. End up in Baltimore. Ocho your guy Puka Nacua is headed to reserve with a, a sprained PCL. He'll miss at least four games. He's coming off a record setting rookie campaign in which he called 105 passes, 1,486 yards, established a new NFL rookie record.


And he made the Pro bowl. See the problem, you see the problem we talked about earlier, hookah last year, he had 105 catches, 1400 some yards. One of the greatest rookie seasons for a receiver. You know, he did that. You know what? He ate and did all that. He had McDonald's. No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm dead serious. He lived and ate McDonald's last year and had that type of production. Now this year he changed his routine in off season. Yeah. Started eating healthy, you know, doing all this, you know, yoga shit, eating berries and fruits and, and, and green stuff.


Not, not See what happens. You have a historic season last year on my diet. Something that IIII swear by and then you change everything in the off season. Now you coming to, I'm not, not saying that's why you got hurt. I'm saying it's a goddamn coincidence. But who we going p who we gonna be All right when, whenever he get back, he gonna be all right. That's my guy. Yep. Gerard Mayo spoke about Jacoby Brit today. He said he's a, he actually made some plays with his leg, which is surprising because he's probably ain No, probably is. It's a race between him and Jamis as the slowest black quarterback in the NFL.


Well, damn He said that As the head coach. He said that Rod Mayo said Jacoby Bri is probably the slowest black quarterback in the league. Either him, Jake, well we know who well, we know who is Lamar and Justin Fields. So in a race in a 40, who you got Justin Fields or Lamar? Oh, Lamar. Okay. So Lamar first Justin Fields second. Who? Third. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. You saw Gino Smith the other day. Lamar first Justin Fields second. Okay. You wanna put Gino third? Yeah, I put Gino third.


I mean, ain't no other black quarterbacks, huh? That can Run Mahomes Russ. Yeah. Hold. It's a bunch of, either, either Jay Daniels, We had 15, we had 15 of 'em start day one. So damn near half the lead. We started a black quarterback. Yeah. So Jayden Daniels got a little speed on him. Jayden Daniels. Yeah. See, I think he faster than Gino. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Jay Daniel One and two. We ain't got no doubt about got, we got, we got Lamar one, we got Justin Fields two. We got Jay Daniels three. You got Gino four. Yeah, I got Gino four. Gino four. Everybody else is, is is more pocket passes with Really?


No, they got foot speed. They ain't got that kind of foot speed. They ain't gonna, they ain't gonna scare you. Nah. Hell nah. They definitely don't do that. What you got? Oh no. Malik Willis might give somebody now. Yeah. Jordan Love Jalen Hurts. Yeah. Jordan. Jordan. Ja, Ja, Jalen, Jalen kind of slow too. Now Jalen Is a Strider though. Oh yeah. You Forgot one Ocho. You forgot one. Who the man to take a take 17,000 steps in? A hundred. In a hundred yards. Goddamn. Call Murray, Kyle, Murray, Caliber Murray. Hold on. Well call Murray is three then Jayden. Daniel's gotta go down the four because Kyle Murray's faster, faster than Jayden.


So Lamar, Justin Fields call Murray. Jay Daniels. Gino. Yeah. Alright, there we go. Anthony Richardson say, I don't know how y'all left me off there. I would think Anthony Richardson. Oh shoot. I forgot about an Gino got knocked off. Yeah. Gino. Gino. I mean Gino outta there. Oh, so check this out. There's a rumor that started earlier that Coach Prime ordered the band not to play the fight song after his son Shadur scored the touchdown. Instead, he allegedly wants Shadur a rap song. Perfect Timing to be played over the speakers at Folsom Field. See you spokesman, spokesman Curtis San Snyder called Ka Wow.


Called it Cap Ocho. He said, yeah. Yeah. Nobody's ever asked the band to refrain, refrain from playing the fight song after touchdown. The band plays Glory, glory Colorado After a point after touchdown, the band plays Fight CU has been standard practice for years. When Shadur Sanders scores, the band will wait a moment for a small snippet of Sha Door's song to play before immediately kicking into glory. Glory Colorado. This is exactly what happened during the game against North Dakota State. This practice is not unique to, for Shadur. The band will wait a minute after successful field goal play Alejandro Matters song before playing fight cu o You. What's going on here? I, I don't know. I, that's my first time hearing that.


I mean, they, they, I mean they said it was Ka is is it true? I I I don't know. I don't know. I don't know much about it. You know, especially something like that happening. I I, I That's a little much, huh? You think, Look, there are people out there that dislike time so much that they'll say anything to make, make that, to try. Just to try to, to try to undermine the My man. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I mean, that's un that's unnecessary. That, that really is Look, talking to times, like I said, I, I know him. I know him very, very well. He's not, this is not new to him.


There were people that didn't like him when he played. They thought he was arrogant. They thought he was ostentatious. Yeah. They thought he was flamboyant. They thought all the things that you think of, but they've always thought that, I mean, they thought Jack Johnson was that they thought Muhammad Ali was that Yeah. For the longest time, you know how we were supposed to be Ocho, just be happy, be thankful. Be glad. Yeah. Be seen, not heard. Yeah. Well, time. Like, nah, you gonna see me and you gonna hear me Muhammad Ali say, you gonna see me And you hear, I am the greatest. Jack Johnson took him all down. So when a black successful and talked and you know, Floyd is the Floyd Mayweather, the same way.


I don't make stuff up. You, if you, if you, you can, if you wanna say, look, he told us the program is gonna be turned around And, we gonna do X, Y, and Z. Right? And it really hasn't happened. If you wanna do that, if you wanna talk about the success or lack thereof, or lack thereof on the field, by all means, coach, that's fair game. But y'all only gotta make up stuff to try to make people dislike it. Yeah. That's my only thing. I Think some people, sometimes people can hear that story. You could hear the, you could hear a story like that and just be like, come on now. You really think we finna believe that? Like see some, some people gotta know sometimes you gotta know better when certain things are written.


Yeah. You just gotta know. That's one of those things you read and say to yourself, now you notice some bull eyes. O Joe. That's why they printed, didn't I just tell you? That's why politicians win. They people like being lied to. Mm, they do. Yeah. It's easy. Perception is a person's reality. Mm. And it might not be the truth. Whoa. I'm on Bring that back, man. Yes sir. I've been waiting on one of these. Perception is a person's reality and it might not be the truth Because, and people, a lot of times people don't want it because their reality, that's their truth.


O Joe, if I, if, and I'm looking and I'm thinking like that's why people lie because people believe it. Right. My Grandma used to say it all the time and, and people said now, but my Grammy said when I was a kid, a lie. Don't care who tell it, Tell it. Yes sir. People will repeat a lie and think it makes it the truth. But you know what'll happen, Ocho, if you tell a lie enough, somebody will start to tell that lie for you. Yeah. You won't even have to tell it no more. Yeah. That's why I don't play.


That's why you gotta be careful. 'cause people will put stuff out there. Yeah. And people like, man, you, I heard you bro. Now all of a sudden a guy that's as private as I am, no nothing. Now everybody know what I like to eat, where I go, what I do, who I'm sleeping with, where I've been. All the vacation spot. A guy that's been private damn near his whole life Right Now. Everybody knows so much about Shannon Sharpe not from, not from Shannon. Sharpe not from She Sharp, not from Sterling Sharp, not from Darryl McCormick, not from Burns, not from anybody. Oh, did they had this story about my daughter that, oh, he makes me feel uncomfortable.


Now y'all can say a lot of things about my kids, but that one, y'all didn't get nothing outta her. Right. I know that one. That one ain't happening. Right. Nothing. Kill even tell people she that's, that's my you ask Sharp, sharp. Are you any related to that? That Shannon Sharpe that fell on tv. Why would you ask that? I ain't ask you who your parents were. She gonna get smart with you. Yeah. So That's the thing. Ocho people lie because they, somebody gonna believe it. Ocho somebody gonna believe it Always.


Especially if they don't like you, they can't wait. Sometimes people can't wait to hear something negative about you. That's term Soccer barn every second. Yes Sir. PT Barn remember had a white, they had a white elephant. People didn't believe the elephant was white. So guess what they did? Ocho, they went and got a regular elephant and put white and put paint on him. A white elephant. When they had the el by no elephant, then nobody believe it. Just went and got some high house paint and painted on gray with white. Did y'all see that white elephant? Yeah.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day. Make it.


Alright.


Why does this room look amazing? What'd you change? Oh, I just got these custom shades from blinds.com. It's all online so it's really easy. Great price too. Ugh. I remember shopping for blinds. I waited around all day just to get a quote. Hi. Sorry I'm late. I know you said just the bedroom, but what do you feel about this bathroom? I feel like I had to say yes just to get rid of her. All right, just go ahead and sign here and we'll get everything taken. Care it took forever. And the worst part, hidden fees. How about you? I chatted with my blinds.com design consultant on my time. Got free samples and it was all super high quality at a great price. Plus they make it easy to DIY or add installation like I did. Blinds.com sounds way better. Way Better. And everything comes with their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Plus, check this out. I can control them from my phone. Whoa. Magic Shop lines.com for up to 50% off sitewide and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. lines.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Thursday night football is back touchdown and it's on Prime Video Game changer. It all kicks off. It's Thursday with the Buffalo Bills. Taking on the Miami Dolphins and an A FCE showdown with football's best party TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial today. It's the Bills and the Dolphins Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods form models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability. Updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said, or at least the same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now. Collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


That's why people lie. 'cause people don't believe it. OCHO ocho, Nicki Minaj and other artists have similarly called out. Jay-Z who's the co-producer of the Super Bowl halftime show for selecting Kendrick Jam. Ken Kendrick Lamar as the performer in Super Bowl. What is that? 59. 59 over New Orleans Native Lil Wayne blaming rap use as a reason for the supposed snub. Nicky tweeted denying a young black man for what is rightfully put in into his game. This game for no other reason. But your ego, your hatred for Birdman, Drake and Nicky got you punished in Lil Wayne. Lil Wayne to go Nola.


What's good? Eminem stood firm on having 50 cent come out. A white man ish. Sad house in things. Ninja things ain't what she said things. But I But it's good F them. No loyalty. Well these ends will keep sunning you. I don't know what DTLR, gag city, dc my G whatever guys. GUR God DF them. Hey, I know one thing, I didn't understand it.


I didn't understand the position that Jay-Z held as far as having something to do with who's picked the perform in the Super Bowl. I ain't even know that. Then I heard nigga say, you know, about the feud. Like now I gotta do my homework because I don't really be in the music business of the drama is The feud between Jay-Z and Birdman or the, i I don't know if the feud, the feud, the feud between Jay-Z and Birdman. Not J not ho and Wheezy. I know, but really if they, if that's the case, that mean it shouldn't affect anybody else. It shouldn't it shouldn't affect anybody else. So I don't understand what's going on. So now I gotta do my homework and, and catch up to speed so I have a better understanding to what's going on.


So I'm hearing people talk, but I don't know. 'cause I'm on the outside looking in and I got the fear. It's like having a donut. I need, I need the cream filler. Okay, I need the cream feeling so I can understand why Nikki's mad. I need the cream feeling so I can understand why Birdman said I'm gonna make them respect me. And that's on Gladys. Now, if you know anything about Birdman, you know, anytime he put something on Ms. Gladys Oh, he mean business. Yeah. Like, you know, he don't play when he, what? Listen, he might say a whole lot, but if when you put something on Ms. Gladys Yeah, You put that on my mama. Yeah, it's, it is up. So I check This out, Ocho Yeah, this is what the, this is what was tweeted. The selection process begins with a panel which includes officials such as NFL, director of Entertainment, right, folks from NFL Production Company and the halftime shows director and producer.


After long detailed process, the short list is handed over to the Super Bowl hosting city for a final decision. Basically, they're putting this at the feet of New Orleans. So it had nothing to do with Jay-Z then, is that what you're saying? They said, I repeat. The selection process begins with a panel, which includes officials such as NFL, director of Entertainment, right? Folks from the NFL production company and the halftime shows director and producer. After a long and detailed process for sure, the shortest is handed over to the Super Bowls hosting city for final decision.


Ah, so the final decision, the City of New Orleans has the final decision. That's what, that's what's being reported, right? OI don't know. I'm not in that meeting. Oh yeah, I'm, and, and, and most of the time things like this can be reported also. My, I don't, I don't understand that. I don't know what's going on. But things like this can be, can be reported as smoke and mirrors as well. Now, come on now, this could be smoke and mirrors. Now you know how they play, you know, okay, you know what? We gotta get the heat off of him. Some people figured it out. Some people that's in the industry, they know what's going on. They get it. So they let, they let off shots and all of a sudden the report comes out. I Can't see.


It's kind, it's kind of confusing to me. I can't say you wrong if you're right now. Come on now. Listen, I, I love, I I I love them all. I support him all. I love Nicki. I love Nick. IIII love Drake. I like, I like, I like K Doc, you know, I like Jay-Z you know, I don't, I don't, I don't have no, I don't have no horse in the race. No. I want everybody to win. Yeah. Hell, I'm surprised that they bring Brandon and Winton Marcellus and what's the, what's the white guy name? What's the Who In New Orleans? Everybody know the white guy Harry Connick Jr. What You know about Harry Connick Jr? Man, Harry Con, man, I done seen Harry Connick in goddamn in our concert.


So I'm surprised they didn't have, I mean, because, or, or tell it like it is. Aaron Neville, Beneville Brothers. You know about Aaron Neville? Man, come on man. Yeah. I look, I I I hope Wayne has some part. Look, that's, I, you, you heard what I said The first time. You know what Ocho I, you remember Atlanta Super Bowl? We in Atlanta ain't got no Gladys. Mike ain't got no Luter, ain't got no TI all that that we got there ain't got no baby faith. They got Maroon five out there. Boy, you don't like Maroon five. Not for Atlanta. See the Atlanta committee like you just said, they picked Maroon five Man.


Ain't no what boy do you see? Anytime, anytime the city of Atlanta have anything, they got Killer Mike. They got ti they got Luda. Ain't nowhere in hell. The city of Atlanta chose no damn Maroon five over that group. Let's Let, let's, let's, let's come back a little bit. Let's come back a little bit. Super Bowl is New Orleans, right? Yes. Lil Wayne would be the perfect fit for us. When we think about someone representing the seat of New Orleans at the Super Bowl on one of the biggest stages with a hundred million people watching. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Who are the people that are attending the Super Bowl? Who are the people that are able to afford the tickets to actually even go to the game to watch the goddamn halftime show True?


Are the true fans of whatever two teams make it? Are there true authentic fans that have supported them throughout the entirety of the season? Are they the ones there? Man, all of, first of all them people paying 10, 15,000, $20,000 ticket. They ain't listening to Ca Kendrick Lamar either. Let's be real them sweet them sweets going for 1,000,002 and $3 million. Let's be all the way real. Now. I love Kendrick Lamar. I think he's unbelievable. Oh yeah. And I'm not trying, I'm not trying to discredit him, but I'm just saying them people paying that kind of money. Come on now. Let's be real. Them tickets. The cheapest ticket to get in the stadium is probably like three, probably about 4,000. It's a corporate event.


The Super Bowl. It's, it's been a corporate event. And, and with the big wigs have a fucking Dicks Win contest. Who got the most money and who can, what do you call it when, when you, when you invite people to show 'em? Like I I I, I don't know how to say it. I'm, I'm trying to figure out how to say it the right way. Big companies, corporations. Yeah. White people. Put 'em in suites. Get 'em tickets. Ortho, Netflix. Gotta have a suite. Amazon, YouTube. Yeah. Anheuser Bush. Do you know how much money they're playing to be the official sponsor of the NFL? Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


I think Crown and Crown. I think Crown Royal hit one of them. They got sweep. Hold on. Who's the who? Marriott. The official hotel of the NFL Marriott. Yeah. You know, they getting X amount of, they getting x amount of tea. That's who get I Know that I got, I got, I got some Marriott points too. Yeah, I I'm just saying that's, that's how this thing worked. See what the NFL did? Ocho? Yeah. The, the tickets used to be, they were always high, but they were reasonable. Reasonable. Yeah. What they found out is that, hold on, they scalping these tickets and people paying 4,000, 5,000, 10,000. Well if you'll pay that on the black market, you'll play that on the front on at the ticket counter.


Yeah. So they, that's why they jacked the prices up. Yeah. I just, I just don't like the fact that I'm thinking Bengals went the Super Bowl, you know, to play the Rams. Yeah. So Bengals fans that went the game from September, October to November sat in the cold in December. And, we make it to the Super Bowl, they are priced out and can't even go to la No. Get a hotel for a few days. Enjoy the festivities. You, you, you can't afford it Because you know why you got a fortnight minimum Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday night.


You know how much those hotels cost. Man, look, boy, they jacked the prices up. Oh, hold on. Forget hotel. Have you seen the flight prices when it's time for Super Bowl going to that particular city? Hell yeah. I brought my team out here for the Super Bowl. Boy. Ash Jordan. I makeup. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. I know how much it costs. And guess what, think about what we got, what we gotta take down to New Orleans to undertake, to do this tour. How much it's gonna cost. How much them hotels you saw all the people that we had at the tour. Hold on. Now wait a minute. By the time we get to New Orleans, by the time we get to February, you gotta understand how God worked. Yeah.


You heard me? Oh yeah. You, We in September, right? Yeah. And so by the time we get to February Yeah. And, we have to do the tour. Yeah. You think about how much stuff gonna have to cost, but you don't understand how God worked. God is a loving God. Yeah. God. Love is, is a cheerful God. He's a giving God. So by the time we get to February at the rate we going, we probably won't have to pay for nothing. Well, I hope you like Well, I hope the case. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know. I Sure hope so. Hey, But I know one Thing, I dunno, Ash and Joy gonna be roommate at.


Nah, I don't, I don't know. I don't know what venue. I don't know what venue we gonna be at when I tell you that goddamn live show in New Orleans finna be. Oh, We gonna be up because we understand the cadence. We've got four shows up under our belts, Man. We, we got, we got the cadence. We understand the beats of it. We gonna be straight Ocho Man. Listen. Got that. Lets chat. Listen to me chat. Live toward New Orleans. Think about it now listen to me. We come out coming to the stage, UNC and oh, show And. we come out to the smoke, right. And the NICs with the fireworks coming out.


And then confetti falls from the ceiling. And then the second line start playing. Me and UNC come by. That thing joking. Oh, We gonna have a band. We have, we gonna have Southern Band have that thing. Rum. What? And have Southern Band coming down the aisles, right? Yeah. And. we coming down right behind him. Ah. And, and, and the whole cry. Everybody up jamming it, getting right. Oh, we just, boy, what? Yeah, who else we can put, we could put, okay, it's gonna be three a company be Jack.


That that was a good show, boy. What Ocho? Yeah. We ain't gonna get no machine. No. No. Why? What happen? They want 18,000 for it. A machine. My smoke machine I had was The, the, the one that makes real smoke that you see when they come out the tunnel. Right? Yeah. Oh listen, I I holler at my homeboy in the hood. I'm, I tell you what I got. I got, I got about four guys. They gonna come blow some cigars and they'll blow smoke. They'll blow smoke on you. You pass by.


We definitely, we definitely, we definitely spending on 15,000 on little dry ice machine. I, I wouldn't do that to do that. We, we could, we could, we could probably use some dry ice. That's what's 15,000. Oh Joe, you gotta put it in something so it, it'll, it'll, it'll make the the smoke. I got a homeboy right now. I got a homeboy right now in New Orleans named Pork Chop. And I guarantee he can get that same machine that Ash lift up. That costs 15, 18,000. He can get it to us. 4,000 guarantee. I got a homeboy that can go get one Free. I get, I get it on Canal Street. I got what? I got a homeboy that go get it for free. Just tell him where it's at. Why you bull? Hey, you name it that yo get perfume watches.


Yeah. Cell phones, you know, back in the day. The cell phone? Yeah. Oh long Joe, come back bro. Hey, hey, check this out sharp. I got something for you. I got your a pressure watcher bro. What I need with a pressure washer. What does the fuck come a pressure was? I'm like, dude, He done got edges, he done got weed eaters. I'm like, bro, you need to take this to somebody that got a business, a landscape. I ain't doing none of that. Yeah, that's Funny man. Hey man, can you help me out bro? Why am I gonna buy a weed? Why am I gonna buy a pressure washer? Why am I buying a weed eater And I ain't got no grass.


Yes. I'm not using it. I said, come on man. Hell No. Ocho there's a girl that underwent plastic surgery to make her ver to make her a virgin again. Okay. She wants to restart her body count. Let's take a listen, Ocho, I just got a surgery to be a virgin again. What does that mean? How is that possible? You got a new hivan. Yeah. And now you're a virgin again. It's been seven days. What's the plan? I want to restart my body. Count to zero. I want to find the right guy. You will take my virginity. That's the most wholesome thing I've ever heard.


It don't work like that though. No, It don't work. It don't work like that. It don't work like that. So if I got a car, right? Yeah. And I got a car and I drive that thing and put 20,000 miles on it, right? Yeah. And I go to the tire shop and change the motherfucking rims. Them miles still on there. Yeah. Regardless of the tuneup, regardless of the oil change, regardless of the new set of tires, regardless of what I do, even I get a tuneup. Yeah. The mile is still on there. I don't even know why she did that. I'm want, you know, me, the, I like my women seasoned. You know I don't want you as a, I don't want, I want you with a little work done to you.


You you hear me? Not over. Huh? She done been right across the colds. Got thatuh. Hey, listen, what she tried to do Ocho right? What did people in the chat, y'all know what I'm talking about? What she tried to do is that you put a bunch of miles on your car and you turn the speedometer back. Right. You Can't do that. The odometer. Yeah. Even though you turn it back, you don't put 200,000 miles. That thing got four miles on, on the 70 pickup. You know, try to roll it back. That car still got two. I don't care if you roll it back to zero, you got 200,000 miles on your ass. Yeah. Now Carfax don't lie now. Oh man.


People need to stop. Yeah. Listen, listen. If you, you, you do it sometimes you, you make your, you make your bed, you gotta lie in it. There will always be someone that is willing. Yeah. There will always be a man that is willing regardless of your past. Yeah. I mean regardless. I mean, do do it got a little grip to it, don't you? I dunno. I don't know. She might, she might. She, she Might. I mean, I can't put a vinyl sausage in a hogie roll. I mean, but damn give I be glad if I could work with it. Yeah. I you probably couldn't. And I, I'm, I'm, I'm assuming she probably heard it from multiple people at that point where she can't even feel anything at that point. So she felt the surgery or the, the procedures was, was necessary. Well, look here, I'll tell you what Ocho as long if I can put my hands in there and clap.


She good. Right. I take, you know what I'm, I take, I, I take That's good enough for me. That's good. That's enough. That's enough grip for your boy. That's it. If I whoop, Hey, Hold on, hold on. You say if you could put your hands, like, like, think about that Chad. If you could put your hands in there and clap. Yeah. Not good enough. Oh, Joe. What? Right here. What doing? Hello? Hello? Hello? Anybody home?


Hey man, you, you pulling out bracelet? Somebody got a 1986 class ring in there. Oh nah. I can't do nothing with that. O you, I can't do nothing with that Ocho. Nah, nah, nah, I'm good. Nah, baby. You good? You good? Hold on. What year? What year was the class ring in there? 1986. You find all kind of things up in there, man. Come on. D Nah man. Uhuh Uhuh. No, no. Hell no. Nah, she wanted, I mean, you run into a one like that a couple times though. Moon, I'm, I'm Talking about way back.


I'm talking about way back About. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm talking about way back. I don't wanna get myself in trouble now, but I'm I'm just saying way back. Yeah. I, I really shouldn't be talking about my past, but you know, I'm, I mean, every once in a while you run into one. Yeah. You gotta put this on you so you don't fall in. You know what I'm saying? Because you fall after you. Man. I ain't, yo Well, I, there had to put a board on me. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't damn man. Man, they wild out there now. Oh shoot. Hell yeah. Drink all.


Hey, all you gotta do one of no sparks the red pill. Yeah. Don't choose the blue one. Choose the red one. You right. Oh damn. That was good. Hell man. Oh hell no. I'm outta breath. I'm outta a breath.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to get back to It. Back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meets today.


Back the day. Make it all right.


Thursday night football is back touchdown and it's on Prime Video Game Changer. It all kicks off this Thursday with the Buffalo Bills taking on the Miami Dolphins and an A FC Showdown with football's best party TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial today. It's the Bills and the Dolphins Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


What's new from Apple. There's the new iPhone 16 pro built for Apple intelligence and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates. Apple Intelligence coming this fall


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.


FKO. Yo, we gonna wrap this thing up tonight, but we got something in store for y'all on Thursday, so you're not gonna wanna miss Thursday Show. We got something special for y'all on Thursday. Yeah. Now it's time for our last segment of the night. And it's q and a. Anna a nan Young Corey, what's up guys? Oh, Joe, my wife, kid, my wife, kid and myself are in your city for a few days and wanted to pick you up from the airport. But the guy beat me to it. Ocho would've gladly accepted that ride. He'd have moved the car seat over and hopped right in the back.


Listen, now I would like the fact that y'all here in Miami, I would love and I probably invite you to lunch tomorrow. We, we could do a little dinner, but unfortunately have to fly to Philly in the morning. If you here when I get, well shoot, I'm, I'm, I fly from Philly to Chicago. I'm back to Chicago again this week. So I'm sorry I missed you guys. I appreciate it. It would've been, it would've been, it would've been, it would've been dope. It would've been a great experience. A story you would've been able to talk about for years to come. I'm gonna catch you next time though. Caleb. Deni. Imagine unc having tank issue who are reading Nicki tweet. Especially at the end, guys. Damnit man, when she be writing all that slang on you, I have to have to dec decipher that I need time.


Ashley gave me this earlier so I can like what she try what she actually saying. Yeah. It's just, I don't, I don't, I'm it's you got, you gotta be a barb. You gotta be a barb to understand that Eric Rico, if the officer hears him say God damnit, they would've been on their best behavior. I need a, I need, I need that on the t On the t-shirt. I I I'm sure it's coming. UNC and Ocho Rrb running back. Jordan Mason had 5.3 yards per carry.


147 yards, 28 rushing attempts. And one Russian touchdown tonight will coach Shanahan use Mason and McCaffery as a two-headed monster or give the workload back to Cmac cms gonna get the Bo Bo I mean Kyle does not have a, he doesn't think about it. They had Moster. They had Brader, they had all those guys hit Jeff. I think Jeff Wilson was there. Mike. I mean Kyle is just like his dad. He doesn't have a problem. It's a nice luxury to have. But we had other running backs. TD getting that work. TD go get that work now. Mike's not gonna, I mean, and I don't think CM can have a problem when he get blowed. He's more apt to want to come out of the game.


Yeah. But no, Kyle gonna give, gonna give cm that work because he's, I mean, look all the guys, you gotta be able to catch the ball and obviously you gotta be able to run it, don't you? Fun. And you gotta be able to blitz pick up. You can't play in that system as you can't because he's not gonna let Mike, Mike wouldn't let you play. 'cause he's not gonna let you get the quarterback hit in the back of the head. And a lot of times you got the check, you got the rim route or you got, you know, you got the Texas route, which is a little angle, or you gotta, you know, flat. So you gotta be able to do those things. But no, see Mike gonna get that work. Norwood Jr. First of all, RP to the voice James Earl Jones.


My question is, who is the player on any team that will have the most interceptions this season? Yeah. Who's gonna have the most interceptions? Shoot. I'm gonna have to go with Trayvon Digs. Yeah, that dude he mad Left off at he, he, listen Trayvon digs is damn near like ASI Samuels. They gamble at the right time and the they always in a position to make a play 90 chat chat. It's, it is. There's so many DBS in the NFL. 97% of dbs play the game not to get beat. The other small percentage play to make a play.


Yeah. Tell, I tell you. No lie. Everybody guys like him. Yeah. Guys like, guys like digs and Asante Samuels. You gotta start the game off with a double move. Yeah. 'cause I gotta plant that seed that I'll do it to you. Yeah, because they jumping early, Everything. Hey listen, they, they, they looking at alignments, they looking at downing distance. They looking at your tendencies based on the downing distance and based on where you line up. And they know. Okay, he, he, he two yards outside, outside the numbers. Oh yeah. The slant coming. Yeah. But if he don't got a slant, he got the curl. If it's two by two, man, man, don't get me started. I talk about that all day. Oh, also, and I got had a former teammate that passed last night, Ocho.


So my thoughts and prayers go out to his family, friends and loved ones, loved ones. Alan Aldridge, who's a linebacker on our first championship team in 1997. He passed tragically last night. He had a heart attack. Mm. Rest in peace. Roscoe. That's what we call him. We call him Roscoe named after the character o Martin. Manny was, man, we had so much fun the guys. I talked to a couple of my teammates earlier today before we got got on the show, but man, whew. It's tough man. He's younger than me. He j just, if I'm not mistaken, just turned 52, was coaching in Houston. Man, it's, it's sad man. It's sad to see your teammates, see your teammates go like that, man.


But Roscoe, we gonna hold it down for you, bro. But thought and prayers again to his family, friends and loved ones. Alan Aldridge gone far, far too soon. Hey, all just wanted to tell you, my coach and one of your former Bronco teammates passed away. Alan Aldridge. He was a great man, great high school coach. You could do a shout out. Just did that. Didn't even see that, know that was coming, but I just felt it was the right time. We was talking about James or Jones, who's the voice of Mufasa, was in probably a hundred, 200 movies over the course of his long, long story career. One of the great actors of, of his time, or any time James or Jones passed earlier on at the age of 93, Kevin Roberts. Hey, you said undisputed that Elway calls ut but refuse to go into detail.


Treat us to the story. I've been curious for some years. No, it's, it's, it's Tevin honestly, it's really a long story. You know what, I'm gonna write a book. I should write a book. She know Ocho. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Let me add talking about Yeah, I, yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no. I should not write no book. Man. Look here. My sister disowned me, my brother. Like, hey, you know what? Yeah, that's a good idea. You should write a book. My sister. Yeah. Everything ain't to be told. Everything shouldn't be said. Some things you take to your grade. I, like I say, I will take some of 'em, but some of 'em, I put the book, What I don't take to my grave, I put in the book, I share.


Nah, but you know what, one day I, I am gonna, I'm gonna share, I'm gonna, I'm gonna share that story, man. Tonight was a load of fun, man. This is, this is, now we're getting back to the, the original Nightcap. Yeah. This is, this is, you know, look the, the Olympic look that's a little bit more, you know, we gotta be a little bit more buttoned up. You know, we're probably the on one of the few podcasts that's doing Olympic heavy stuff. We did a great job. I appreciate all the athletes that's, that came on. We're gonna try to get some of the swimmers here in the next month or so. But man, it's been, it was, it was great.


But football season, football season is where we make our Hey Ocho, this is, this is how we came to be Nightcap. This is how we came to be what we become. And the people follow us, subscribe to us, listen to us, watch us talk about us. This is how this is tonight. Is is is just, is just what it's about. Yes sir. Absolutely. Oh, Shazam said. How was it to work with Martin on the O Kos commercial? Many people online talk about he seems slower, less energetic. We all get older. Even he's even on tour. I think he's okay.


Yeah, he was fine. I mean, it's funny, I don't know if if people, how you've like been around actors or actresses is like, they could be one, one way, one moment and the minute it is time to like go it's go time. Yeah. Completely different. It's like some players, some players they laugh at. I was a guy Ocho I'm joking around up until about 10 minutes before the game. And then because we go, you know, we gonna go out in the field probably about 2 0 5 to kick off 2 0 5, something like that. Two o'clock. Mike gonna call us up. He gonna give us thing, we're gonna say a prayer.


Then we, they gonna let them horses out. The stable one 50, like a blank. No Time. All to be all the, all to be all the bull drive is done with. Right. It's time to go. Boss lady bougie in honor of the very, very modest is that Bji? Bougie. Bougie. Who? Bougie. Bougie. In honor of the very modest, very courtesy, very demure. But what are the two personal pleasures? You, pamper, you, pamper you with you with? My two favorites are massages, getting dolled up for a nice meal. And for y'all, man, Ocho I used to get massages twice.


I got massages twice a week for probably 25 years. Mm Dang. 25 years. I know I done spend, I done spent a couple hundred thousand dollars on massages. I ain't done no ha, ain't no happen though. So I don't, don't get no ideas. No. Strictly professional. Right? Even the la because the lady that used to work on me, Des she would come, she would fly, she would fly to LA and work on me, stay in the house. Everything. You know, I, we never had no, I, I don't do that. I have a very simple rule, Ocho my grandfather say, boy, never put your dick in your wallet.


That's a good one. And people are like, what? What that mean? When you work at a place, there's probably how many people work at that place now? Go out in the city. How many people? There are more people that's out in the city that work at whatever business you working at. Because guess what happens when it goes sideways and there's a 90% chance it's going to go sideways. Right? Then what? Who leaving? Who leaving? I like that one. That's why you gotta be careful with gym romances because when it goes sideways and a large part of a will, who leaving the gym? I ain't going nowhere. This is my sanctuary. This is my haven.


So who going, Damn, that's a good one. So Jesus loves Covid, uncle Ocho, thank y'all for being consistent. My car broke down the other day. I just wanna thank God for y'all joy and always giving us a laugh when we need one. Has there ever been a moment when your attitude cost you the game? The game? No. Hell no. Shit. Not, not the game Because I look, I wanna win. Trust me guys, I want to, y'all know how I, you see how I'm wired?


Winning is everything to me. And as long as we win now, yeah, I would get upset because if I didn't catch a lot of passes and I think I could've helped, but I never went to the coaches and say, that's your job. You say let coaches coach play us play. I'm gonna let you do your job. Right. You ain't gonna have it long. If you don't throw me the ball though, I'm gonna keep it, I'm gonna keep it real with you. Right? You ain't gonna have it long. Y'all know what I can do. Nah, I, I, I always kept a great attitude. 'cause I, I wanted to see my guys. I like seeing my guys succeed. I like Rod and I like Ed. I wanted them to win. I won when I went to Baltimore and to see Cadre and to see Jermaine Lewis and see Patrick Johnson and all those guys.


Now I want, I want, I wanna win and yeah, I wanna catch passes too. I wanna catch touchdown. I don't wanna get the ball in end zone because I worked hard, but nah, nah, I ain't never had no bad attitude. No game. I ain't, I ain't wired like that. Hell nah. And I bet, I bet nobody on my team better have no bad attitude either. Well, that concludes our show for tonight. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Do us a favor guys, make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button. Hit the like button. I mean, we had a, we had a a, a nice little crowd in here tonight, right? Yeah. Hit that like button. Make sure get, get like something like 10, 15, 20,000.


Yeah, about 30. I know y'all like us because we, we give y'all, we give y'all real, we give it to you real Guys, do us a favor. Make sure you go subscribe, subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, guess what? You know what? Every podcast subscriber counts. Thank you for counting. Thank you for mattering. Thank you. You see on this? No, this side over here? No, this side. No, this side. Whatever. Whatever side is though. Where the hell is that? Oh, what the hell? What? Oh, oh, back there. There it right there. Yeah. Right there it is. It's right there. That's because of you guys. Y'all made that possible. Yes. We ocho and I have the plaques. Well, I got OCHO plaque.


Well, well, I mean the plaque, but it's, it's because of you guys. And I wanna thank you guys for doing that. Thank you so much. I greatly, greatly appreciate it. We have Shea by La Porter in stock. If you can't find it in a state or a city near you, we're coming. We just might not be there yet, but we're coming. But we have it in stock. You can order it and we'll ship it right to your door. Please go follow our media company pla on all platforms that Shesha Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat tour. T-shirts and hat dropped this week. There are two versions of the tee, the one I wore last night with OCHO and I face Nightcap with the tour dates on the back. That tee is priced at 42 bucks.


Then there's one with no tour dates on the back, just OCHO and i's face with Nightcap on the front. That tee is 48, is $38. Use the VIP code for an additional 10% off. And as again, if the link is pinned at the top of the chat, the jets lose to the 49 ERs. And Aaron Rogers his return. He went back home. He grew up in that area. They the 49 ERs win. 32 19. Brock Purdy was 19 of 29, 231 yards clean game. He didn't throw a touchdown, but he didn't turn the ball over. Mason spilled in for cmac and he did quite well. 28 carriers, a buck 47 in the touchdown.


Deebo had eight carriers for 23 yards on a touchdown as they roll 32 19 over the Jets. And look to pick up where they left off last year and get back and get over the hump and win the Super Bowl. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite number. 85, the rot runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree. The legendary pro bowler all pro from Liberty City. Y'all know him. The guy with the shade and the hoodie. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. That's here for Night Captain Night. We'll see you Thursday, The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Mayers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious Bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar May fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy


Kroger brand products. Have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Starbucks iced apple crisp oat milk, shaken espresso made with blonde espresso, creamy oat milk, and spiced apple flavors. It's nice crisp sip. You can enjoy all autumn long Order ahead on the Starbucks app.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.