
Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


A 15.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bitch. You can make UND DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Ocho. Check this out, long time Cowboy DeMarcus Tank. Lawrence signed with the Seattle Seahawks this week. Tank took some shots at the Cowboys when he got there. Let's take a listen to the video courtesy of Hawk Blogger on YouTube. Take a listen to this ocho. Oh No, Dallas is my home. I made my home there. You know, my family lives there. You know I'm forever gonna be there, but You know, I know for sure I'm not gonna win a Super Bowl there. So yeah. We here we here. DeMarcus Lawrence, welcome to the Seahawks. Thanks for joining us. Wow. Hold on. Ocho Michael Parsons in this Is this what rejection and envy look like?


This some Clownish d law responded. Calling me a clown won't change the fact that I told the truth. Maybe if you spent less time tweeting and more time winning, I wouldn't have left demon. I like it. Wow. I like it. I like it. Wow. I like it. Listen, listen. I I like it. They, they don't really feel like that about each other. Oh, you, but You know, You know how it is. You know when when somebody leaves and they go somewhere else and they understand and they see how the culture is and, and listen to the, the Seahawks won the Super Bowl. How, how long ago? How long ago that was on? That wasn't that long ago now. 2012. How? Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. 20 20, 20 13. 2013.


The Reagan in 2012, they won 2013. Listen, they won more more recently than the Cowboys had. Correct. I could tell you that. And Mr. Mr. Lawrence who's been in Dallas for a very long time and understanding why they haven't won one as opposed to how the fans see why they haven't won one. And understanding that Jerry's bottom line isn't really about winning but making money. He actually has the ground to stand on being able to say that now that he's going somewhere else because he can see how things are run. He can see how things are run. Well hell, they haven't won a Super Bowl or trying to win one or bullying building the type of team to win one in a very long time. They haven't. So he just telling the truth and understand Micah, Micah has to do, you gotta come, you got, you gotta defend your team.


Yeah. You gotta you gotta defend your squad For me, Ocho you have to be careful when you go to another team because You know the emotion of it And you like, oh yeah, I'm so happy to be here. We are so much. This team is so much better than the team that I left. So you have to be careful of that. 'cause it's easy to get caught up into that. 'cause I remember having my press conference and I was like, I wanted to say certain things, but I had to be like, okay, Shannon, come on now. You can't, you be the big Yeah, be the bigger person. You are happy that you enjoyed your 10 years in Denver. It was an opportunity. A somebody gonna give you another opportunity to be what you were And you appreciate that. I'm a little surprised that, that, that I'm surprised Delaw said what he said.


I'm surprised Michael said what he said. And I'm really, really surprised. Delaw responded. So man, not really. How, how could you not, how could you not? You got, you got two people that love each other, You know? Hurt people hurt, hurt people. Hurt people. Yeah. Huh. Yes. True. That ain't real. We about two dudes that play the same position that been on the team, You know, three, four years happened. How many years they been together. They don't really feel like that. What I thought, I thought you, I thought you and I saying that just because we play together, we don't mean we, we, we, we, we get along like that. Yeah. Yeah. E even so, but they get along. Huh? I'm telling, I'm telling you. I, I knew them boys. You know you call Ain't about your question. You ever call, you ever call TJ Clown? You ever call TJ Clown?


You ever call Carl the clown? Nah, nah, no. You ever call Corey the clown? Nah, no, no, no, no. Oh, damn. I'm trying to figure out, you ever called Big Willie Willie? My homeboy from the, from the A. You ever called Willie a clown? Nah, You know, You know you, You be together. You ain't called nobody no clown that you still cool with. You gotta understand. I I'm an offensive player and I get along with everybody. I'm just trying to figure out. So who have you called a clown that you love And you cool with? Nobody. I think I love everybody. Unc. That's my problem. That's my, I think that's my problem.


But again, you can, I mean this, it's football, unc You know, that's, that's, that's, that's love talking. That's her talking. Man. I used to go to war with you bro. What you talking about? We used to watch film. We used to study film together. What you talking about? We was in the weight room together. What is you talking about? Lemme ask you a question. Ocho name the three people that'll tell you the truth. Drunk kids, angry people. They'll tell you they listen. That's a young, I can I say something real quick? Yeah, you can. Anytime someone is angry at you, whatever they tell you when they're angry, you have to hang on to that.


Well, you just said he didn't mean that. You said, well, my partner reject even look like there's some clown stuff. You told me not to mention that. Hold, hold on, Hold on, hold on now. Hold on now. Hold on. Stay me now. I I really, I really wasn't talking, I really wasn't talking male to male. Now I'm just, I'm just throwing it out there for, for the fellas. You gotta stay with me. Oh. So when a female, when a woman tells you that I'm hanging on everybody tell me that. And you got, you got, you got you gotta hang on there because listen, when they drunk, they'll tell you how they really feel when they angry. Well they, they, they, they give you everything, everything you wish for. Oh. That's how you A drug because the drug mouth is so thoughts. Hey. Okay. Bet. I'ma, I'm gonna put that, I'm gonna put that in my back pocket and I'm hold onto it.


You, you can't never forget nothing. But listen, You know, You know them boy, them boys, them that ain't serious like that now. Shit, I be low. I I do have, I have to defend my team. Well, well since you taking a shot at me, you calling me a cloud. What? I'll tell you what. Well, if your ass get off goddamn damn, stop tweeting and doing whatever you doing. Maybe we win more than I wouldn't have left. And you were gonna leave regardless. 'cause they were finna pay you. True. You wasn't staying no way. But I'm, you see, you see what I'm saying? It's just, I ain't just, just bickering back and forth. You know, Friends, look, Don't get it. Now why? I bet you see, I bet you see him in, in a video or a picture some sometime later on in the season. Watch That. What you thinking before The on? I mean, I didn't, I didn't, I mean look, DeLong been there for a minute.


Second round draft pick played a number of years there. Had a hell of a career in Dallas. I I would've never thought he would leave because one thing Jerry does Jerry take care of his players guys that he drafts, he believes in play paying his homegrown talent. And DD law has been there for at least a decade. Maybe longer. Yeah. Yeah, Maybe longer. But he felt it was time for him to move on. He wanted to be in a situation that he felt gave him a better opportunity. Excuse me, to win. I'm sure the money what, three years? 15 million or? Yeah. I mean, I'm saying per year, three years. 45 million if I'm not mistaken on Joe. Don't quote me on that. I, I think I read something.


I didn't know anything about this until like, we just get ready to come on the show and, and ask Ash test text me asking me did I see this. I didn't because I was exhausted. I came in and went to bed. I ain't, I ain't gonna lie. I came in and went to bed, man. Like, oh, you played 11 season in Dallas. He's about to play his his 12th season. Wow. I ain't gonna make, I Like, hey, I, I like it. Matter of fact, where the schedule at? Do the Cowboys play the Seahawks this year? That's what I wanna know. I hope so.


That now that's what I'm talking about. Give me, give, give me, make it a little bit more entertaining. Have A few, I would feel, I would feel more entertaining if one was on offense and one was on defense. Okay. I understand. You know, on both of 'em give you side. So they're never gonna come in contact. It's kinda like being And you talking track each other. You on offense. I'm on offense. I, I What? Go ahead. But listen, even if we play the same side of the ball and we going at it, that mean now we gotta show up. Now who gonna be more productive? Who gonna have the better game? Who's gonna get the most, who gonna get the most sax? Whatever it may be. How could, who's going to impact the game more? Even if we do play the same position? It don't matter. Because I was gonna, Raven, if I was talking trash to another offensive player, I already know my staff was gonna be better than yours.


'cause you weren't gonna do Jack ish. Okay. Not against that defense. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh no. So it didn't matter. It didn't matter. Right. It didn't matter what I did. I might have one catch that was gonna be more and more than you got. That's what I know. That's what I know. And if you did get a catch, you gonna wish you hadn't have caught it because they were gonna put hands on your ass. Yeah. So for me, yes. I love arguing with D Lyman. That's who I got into the most arguing with rest his soul. Taz, Taz Kennedy rest his soul. Chester mgl. I stayed into it with them.


I yeah, stayed every, every time we played, there's not one game that I didn't when Chad was with the Raiders or Kansas City that I didn't get into it with him. Yeah. Chad was, Teez was the same way. Sam Adams too. Sam and Sam became one of Sam. Big Sam. Yeah. He became one of my best friends. But boy, hey, nah man. And the lineman get so upset. They're like, man, you ain't gotta block him. I was like, well hey. Yeah. Ain't got nothing to do with me. He talking crazy to me. What you think I'm gonna do? Let him talk crazy to me. And because y'all gotta block and don't take crazy back, man. I wish I might put your big boy pass on buckle up, forget you rerun.


But that, hey, that was some great old, that was some great times. O Joe. Yeah, we're gonna try to get Tank on the show. He's, he's about to land and he's gonna try to join the show, but if we don't get him tonight, best believe we'll try to line him up for you guys on Sunday, because that's what we try to do. We try to, You know, obviously Ocho and I, but we do try to bring guests from time to time because I, so I think sometimes you guys get tired of hearing Ocho and I and so we try to spice it up and bring you a guest, be it a football, basketball, baseball, whatever the case may be, or actor, whatever. We try to make sure that we try to keep you updated and try to bring you people that you want to hear from. So hopefully we can get before we end the show Tank will be able to join us live.


So we'll, we'll keep you posted as we find out more about that. Josh Allen was asked why did, why did, why he didn't look to break DAF Dak Prescott 60 million per year record contract extension. I know it's weird to say, but what's 5 million more gonna do for my life right now that I can't already do? I've lived a really good life. I got a house, got a car, we're good. Do you like Josh saying this? I love it. Ocho we are not talking about it. Ocho Yeah. What the hell can I, what can I do with a hundred with 330 million that I can't, that I can do with 400 million? So he said, yeah, I'm making 55. What can I do with 55 million that I can only do with 60 million?


Right? What once you get to a certain number, it's like, like Elon Musk is the, is the world's richest man. Let's just say he worth 300 billion ocho. What can, what can I do with a hundred billion? What can I do with two or 50 billion? What can I do with 10 billion that I absolutely need to do to have that? Yeah. So he is like, bro, 55, 60. Do you see how I got a quarter of a Billy guaranteed a quarter of a bi? Damn that I, you could look, if you gonna guarantee me a quarter of a bill, I'll make 40 million if you gonna guarantee a quarter of a Billy ocha.


So I I, me personally not to cut you off Ocho. I love that he said that. Tell me what you think. Right? I mean, I like it. It makes sense. Yes, it makes, it makes complete sense. Who would argue the fact? I'm just curious. Who would argue the fact out? Nobody outside of some of a, And you, You know what happens when you get greedy, right? It, it only, it only makes sense. Pigs eat well. Hogs get slaughtered. Hey man, stay right there. Stay right there, man.


You better start. Well you better stop playing. You better bring that, listen, hold on, hold on. Bring it to me slow now. Yeah, Eggs eat good. Hogs get slaughtered. I don't, I don't know what scenario I'm gonna be able to use this in conversation or argument, but it is, it's, it's greedy. I'm Feeling it. Greed, Greed, Money. That's what it's talking about. Greed. But like, like Josh said, Josh's like at the end of the day, and the thing is like what Mahomes did is like, okay, he got that big number but, and we knew Mahomes, if, if Josh is worth the quarter of a Billy, how much is a guy that's been the five Super Bowls, 1, 3, 2 league MVPs, 3, 5, 3, 3 Super Bowl MVPs.


What, what's that worth? But he's like, You know what, at the end of the day, I need to be able to surround my surround myself because talent, I can't win this thing by myself No Matter how great I am. I need people around me. I lo I mean look, football players have to have that because there's a cap. Baseball players are always, for the most part going to get the most money because they keep trying to, every time they keep trying to push the ceiling, the salaries through the ceiling. Right? And so you see ain't no, ain't no what's his name? Soto. Juan Soto taking a 500. Yeah. That That's my homeboy. Yeah.


Taking 500 million when there's somebody out there that got 700 million for it. You know guys, they're not doing that because they don't like, look, it's not my responsibility because there is no cap ocho. Right. So it is like, hey, whatever the market will bear, whatever the team is willing to pay, that's where we are going. So if we got 2, 3, 4 guys on the team that's making 200 million, 250 million, so be it. Yeah. So absolutely be it. But I love, I love what Josh said. And look, I'm not going to tell anybody what they should or shouldn't do. Josh said I'm good at 55. I don't need 60 because anything that I wanted at 50, if I need 60 to do it, I'm gonna be anyway.


Yes sir. Listen, that's me. He, he, he kept it, he kept it in the realm also from a, from a point of being paid where I'm still being paid with the best. Yeah. But also we can start some points so we can continue to build around me so I can be able to contend to compete not only get to the, not only get to the A FC championship but also be able to compete and intend for a Super Bowl as well. So I'm gonna take 55. I'm not gonna take sissy 'cause I take sissy. It gonna take some, some of the potential off the table for me based on what I can put around me to help improve my team. I can get a good player for 5 million. No, Joe. Yeah, listen, you ain't gonna low ball me too much now. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You ain't not gonna, you gonna low ball me too much. Oh sure you can low ball me.


Gimme a quarter Billy. Guarantee low ball all you want to, you can gimme 5 million a year. Hey, long as I know I got quarter Billy coming. Long as that guarantee is right. Huh? Oh for sure.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This Is Ashley I cadet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with Future Health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independence studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


I absolutely, absolutely. Look, I I I don't look, I don't tell anybody what he or he or she should do. That's you, you making the best decision for you. I don't have a problem with Josh and his mentality right now. Somebody like Chase, if Chase says, nah bro, y'all made me wait, I need all of that. If I'm not mistaken, Josh had four years left on his deal. Yeah, but listen, you gotta understand they view the quarterback position a lot, a lot different than other positions. A lot different. Nick, you have to understand the Bengals as well. What the Bengals won't do, you're not gonna bully, you're not gonna bully them. They've shown that countless time when Clark was upset when Carson wanted, wanted, wanted, wanted out or he he didn't, he didn't see fit and said, I'm not coming back until I'm trading whatever it may be.


There've been other issues as well. Hell, I even, I even tried to try being upset but they showed me. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That ain't finna work. So then they weren't gonna set a precedent. Even with Chase having two years left on a deal. Okay, we gonna pay you early. That's not us. That's not what we do. We don't care who you are. And they've proven that and they've stood firm on that stance regardless of who it's been. So I understand he gonna get his money this year though. But lemme tell you what you But see here's the thing, Ocho, you have to think a year or two in advance before you decide to hold out. So now that, hey if, if I'm married baby, hey no extravagant spending, we've been lock this thing down because I feel we might be in a protracted holdout.


So now I gotta make sure everything is lined up because they know my money where it is. They know so long as they know I got 30 million or I'm sitting on 30 million, I'll send out these first eight, nine games. I'll come back. 'cause I gotta make sure I'm vested. I gotta make sure I'm not gonna give 'em a whole year. Y'all gonna do something y'all won't pay me. I hey I'm gonna go somewhere else and get paid then because y'all not finna do this. Y'all told me last year y'all gonna pay me. I come out and have one of the great seasons in NFL history and now y'all talk about y'all not gonna pay me again. Oh, that's not gonna happen. Oh no, that's Not gonna happen. I'm sorry y'all paid everybody else. Y'all ain't got no problem paying everybody else. But now all of a sudden y'all don't wanna pay me.


Oh gimme me. Yeah, gimme me. I need all that. And then you hear ocho, they won the first round draft pick for Trey Hendrickson. Ain't nobody gonna give you that. Y'all want me to give y'all a first round draft pick and pay up 30 million. Whoa. You don't think someone is willing to give up the back toto back? Absolutely. Because I know you can't keep it. I know you can't keep it. Why would I pay you? So you gonna play hardball? I sure am the say. Lemme ask you a question though Joe. Why didn't somebody trade for Cooper Kub? Because they knew the Ram was gonna cut it. Oh yeah, they oh they wanna take it on that salary. Oh, come on. So you want me to get bunch? Yeah, you want me to give you a first round pick and pay him 30 plus.


Right. Right, right, right, right, right, right. Nah, okay we Hey listen, we on the same page. Yeah, we on the same thing. Yeah, for sure. So no, I don't have a problem with Josh, but I, if somebody says no, I want all the money, I ain't got no problem with them because anybody that, anybody that goes through the fire, you deserve whatever you, whatever you think you can get and whatever that team will pay. But it just goes to show you. But like you said, they didn't have to do anything but it just, Hey, he won the MVP, he's been a model citizen for all indication. He's been great in the community. I ain't got no problem. I have no problem with them paying him. I have no problem with him leaving a little money on the table. Ain't got no problem with it. Right. That's that's, that's an individual man.


I mean he could have left something for who? You ain't out here taking mix. You ain't out here, you ain't training, you ain't away from your family and talking about what I should do. Nah, you should keep your mouth closed because I'm gonna do what I'm gonna do. What's in the best interest of Shannon's family. Right. This is what I don't like too. What you don't like. I think, I think, I think fans are confusing and saying, oh, t Higgins making 26. Oh that's, that's enough. That's a lot. He should be well off with that. I mean the di they need to stop comparing themselves and and put them in, in the, in the, in the shoes of athletes and in and what they should or should not get or should or should not mean. Yeah. 'cause you're not out, you are not going to meetings ocho But they're looking at, I get, But a lot of times fans looking at it from their perspective and let's just say, let's just, if I take a fan and I say, okay, you make 150,000, right?


Of course 26 million is a lot of money to you. But if you feel you make, you should make 300,000 and somebody, and somebody and your boss say without 150,000, there's plenty to you. You gonna look at him sideways. You can't, you have to look at it from an athlete's perspective and the prism and the arena that he or she's in. You can't just say, of course if I'm making $75,000 a year and somebody offered me a hundred a a a million dollars a year. Yes. Yeah. I be, we we ocho we've been there. Yeah. Yes. You talking about a guy that you talking about a guy that made $5 a day. So if I'm making $5 a day and somebody gonna pay me 60,000 a year, you damn right, I'm gonna take it.


Right. Or if I'm making, I made one, one summer, I made $337. Now you mean to tell me somebody gonna give me $200,000. So Yeah, when you look at it in your terms, that's an amount of money. Yes. But when you look at a guy and he's already making 15 million and he's put up these type of numbers, no, that's not enough for him based on what he's done. Yeah. And he not gonna go Ahead. They don't like that the fans don't do it like that. I I I wish they were able to separate the two, but, and I, I like got a lot of Bengal fans that got onto me simply about my issues with with t being able to hit the open market because I'm, I'm understanding, understanding what t can get and what he's deserving and why fans want a mistake for their own selfish reasons.


Correct. They wanted him mistake for their own selfish reason, just keeping the band together. And I'm looking at, You know, for long, long term, You know, based on what he's been able to do despite, even, even with injuries that he's had. Because I understand how good he is once he hits the court, I mean, hit the court. I'm see once he hit the field, I I know what you get. So I know he gonna get well, well north of 30, 32, 33 if he hits the open market. That that's, that's all I'm saying. And people saying, why wouldn't you want him to stay? He needs to stay 26 5 is enough. I mean, man, I that's that's that's not what it's about. That's not what it's about. No. Listen, as I love my bengals, live, live, eat shit, sleep, die Bengals.


But I also understand that he's deserving of what he is. I understand how this this works. You don't take home team discounts on your first deal? No, not the first one. Don't do maybe the second or the third one. But not because people look at that, hold on man. Miles done got two deals that he done got two max deals ain't took no discount. Now if he want to take a discount on the third one, that's his, that's his prerogative. But if he doesn't, that's also his prerogative. I don't feel I should be obligated to that to help a billionaire stay. A billionaire fans don't, fans don't look at it. Fans like, oh, we pay your salary. Well, you pay that owner, you help that owner become a billionaire too.


Absolutely. But you don't look at it like that. Y'all just look at the players because the likelihood that you see, the, the greater likelihood that you're gonna bump into the player in the grocery store, at the car wash the mall as opposed to the owner. So you feel a connection to that player. Like, oh, but while y'all talking about y'all play player salary, lemme ask you a question. Who y'all ain't paying for them yachts that these owners that you see are Jerry Jones, that are Jeffrey Lu, that are Arthur Blank. Who y'all playing for them? The ones, the ones that continue, the ones that continue to show up consist Who y'all playing for that helicopter by practice field at Jerry's world?


Talk to him, mom. So y'all got no, y'all don't have no problem paying for that. But when a player ask for, oh okay, Yeah, Okay. Ain't no hey, hey y'all wanna pay y'all pay? Hey, like look, y'all pay y'all rather pay a billionaire and help him stay there ever. Because guess what? Those owners are gonna be owners a lot longer than these players gonna be players. Now you figure that. Now you tell me. Gotta get as much as you can. Why? Why? Hey, why Stove Is hot? What, what NFL player, what NFL player has played long as Jerry Jones been the owner, what player has played long as Mr.


Kraft has been the owner? I'm just curious. So y'all been playing, y'all been playing their salaries and those big homes for those yachts and those mansions, but now tele Okay, we cool? We good Ocho we on? Yeah. Hookah Nku says he will not be getting married until he wins the Super Bowl. I don't think I'm ready to get married anytime soon. I try to win a Super Bowl. Ocho. Right, But you think Ocho Oh yeah, I like it. I mean, depending on where you are in life, I think that that scenario we talked about night before last or maybe last night, simply about the quarterbacks and how things come into fruition, how life changes for the better when you get married, when you have that structure and discipline on your hip.


A man that finds a wife finding the good thing for the quarterback situation for some reason, life. Life, it just, everything falls in falls in order. You know, like it's like a domino effect. It does the receiving, I'm not sure it affects you in either way. So I understand Putin Naco is focus to wanna focus on winning a championship, which he has a good chance of doing. Especially with the addition of my guide, the greatest rock runner of all time outside of myself and Devonte Adams. Right. Matthew Stafford at the helm. You know Mr. Gunslinger himself, he has a good chance to do that. And you see the quarterback, they getting to ocho, you see? Oh yeah, Josh Allen got engaged. Dak Prescott got engaged, Jalen hurt got engaged. Patrick Mahome got married early.


I mean, you look at, I I don't think, I don't think Joe is engaged or anything. I don't know if he's seen better. Hold. I, I I got another scenario for you. What's that? I don't even, I don't even think Dak Pro, that Dak Prescott had gotten paid yet. D Dak Prescott gets engaged and gets married. Something that, that sort and all of a sudden boom, 60 million just came outta nowhere. I'm like, wait a minute. Oh that what it take. Well, hey, I'm Finn grab go grab somebody daughter. And they out, they out a quarter Milk. Man, listen, UNC, it, it's something about it. Now, now, now listen to me. I have I, you, I I told you I've been trying to, I trying to get you on same page very long time.


Oh, you gotta pull the trigger. I'm telling you, man. Listen. 20, listen, I got, it's 20, 25, right? Yes. At the I'm I'm gonna take this year. I'm gonna take this year I'm gonna relax. I'm gonna work, I'm gonna grind. I'm gonna have some I'ma no, I'm not gonna, ain't gonna have no motherfucker no fun. I'm gonna grind the top of 2026. I'm going into 2026 with a ring on my finger. I'm getting married. I ain't got, I ain't got, I ain't got time to play. I ain't got time to play. Boy. Life is short. I'm on the back half now. I ain't got, I ain't got that many more good years left in me. You hear me? Alright. I Can, what? You know what OI Ain't got, I ain't got too many more. I'm talking about good years. I'm talking about good years. The good, oh listen, my twenties, my thirties where I'm finna be 50.


Oh, I ain't got time to be playing man. What, what we, what we talking about? You Right. Think about it. What we talking about. Like really think about where we are in life. Seriously. We done played around in our twenties having fun. We done played around in our thirties having fun. We done played around in our forties. I I'm finna be 50. What we doing baby? I'm finna get married. Got time for this shit Ocho shoot me. I ain't mean to curse. I've been, I've been doing real good. Ocho Talk to me. You remember the song? Come on. Don't make me cry now G Isn't it funny how time just slips on away? Wait. Oh, I told you I don't measure my life in years.


I measure my life in summers. Yes, sir. And I, I'm constantly thinking I'm waiting on my blood work to come back so I can see what my is everything's okay. My physical, based on my family history, probably somewhere between high end, probably 20 summer based on my family history. Mom, dad, family history, so forth and so on. You right. Don't, yo, it's time. See It's time. Come on now. Come on. There go. Come on. It's time. What I'm talking about FC that's growth there.


It's time. It's it's time to get serious. Yeah. I'm with you when you're writing now. Come on. Take, take your time. It's just all this, You know, you win awards. You, you've lived your dream, you've done a great job trying to raise kids. And there are times I think like, damn, everything that I've accomplished, take the football aside. That's the gun. Yeah. Now who are you doing it for?


Why you're doing it and don't you want somebody to share that ride with? Yeah. Come on man. I'm sure driving cross country is, is fun. But I think it's a, i I think it's better if you drive across country with somebody. Listen. Huh? Without no Thelma, there was no Louise. Yeah. What would be the point of Thelma if there was no Louis? No Louis, you guy Clyde. But who the hell was Clyde without Bonnie? Huh? Yeah, Without Wheezy. There's no George. If it wasn't for Tom, who the hell we gonna chase Jerry. So we need a, we need a partner.


We need a combo. Huh? Okay. Need somebody. Man. Some of the greatest stories in life, it's always too. It always has been. Are you? But You know, you feeling good in your twenties? Oh, this ain't worry about it. I'm gonna find me somebody. You feeling good in your thirties? Oh man, don't worry about it. I'm gonna run through this little decade of thirties. Don't worry about it, man. I done ran through my forties. Oh man. What I'm doing, I'm looking at my watch. Like, wait a minute. I'm on the, I'm on the back end now. I'm on the back end. I done climbed the mountain and I'm scaling over the mountain now to go downhill.


Man, what we talking about? And the time went by so fast. It did bro. It absolutely did. I'm like, what the, I'm like, what the hell? And it just dawned on me like not too long ago, man. What the am I doing? Like I'm, I'm just acting like I can't get this time back. I'm wasting. So it make it easy for me to move a certain way based on, I can't get this back. I can't now. If I was in my twenties, I understand. Okay. I could, I could play a little longer. Yeah. You know I'm 30. You know, I could, I could play, You know, I still got time, man. Shh. What? Ain't no more playing. I'm think about one thing about that time.


You can't get it back and it do not stop. Nope. It Do not stop man. Please. During the ra, during his Rams presser intro, Jimmy Garoppolo took a shot at the RA Raiders for being a black organization. I've been in a bad organization and I've seen how it can wear on you throughout the year. Just talking to my brothers. My family didn't want to go through that again. It is man, lose your tough. Yeah, it is. It is. Yeah. Especially when you're in the wrong place. There's really nothing you can do. Get up, go to work, You know, put your chin strap on, bite down and work through it. Especially Ocho. Especially if you've been in a winning organization.


If all you've done is low lose, you don't know what it's like. Think about it. He came from the Patriots. What did they do? Win? Yeah, he went to the 49 ERs. What'd they do? Win. Now you go to this team and it's like Pigpen, you got that dust plow behind you all the time. It does wear on you. Yeah. And it can wear on you. Yeah. Congrats to DK Medcalf and nor Normy. What's Ani? Ani He wanted to show her off, wanted to show off her ring at the Steelers. Presser Ocho. Take a look at this. Yeah. Yes sir. She right there. Hold up Rock baby.


It was, it was Where did You propose? Was it, did you propose back in Seattle Here? No, her and her fam, my family and her family was in Houston. It was my sister's spring break. And just thought about getting the whole family together just for a big kumbaya and You know, joining our, You know, with a ring. Hey, good. Thank you. Show that thing off. Hey, I that I like that you Go over there. Go that ring baby. I like that. Like that. I like that too. Ocho. I like that. Congrats Dk. Congrats. Congrats boy. Yeah. Bad. You Know, you see what I'm saying?


Yeah. You see dk you done put that ring on in now. Right? So a man who find it the good thing finds the now watch the type of season he have now. Now watch it now watch the kind of season he have and we gonna come back and we gonna talk about this three, four months from now. And I'm gonna say it is again, there's another prime example of a young brother. All right. Lemme ask you this, don't Joe? Yeah. Who gonna throw in the ball? Huh? It don't matter. It don't matter. Him and his wife gonna share a prayer before the game and the balls just gonna end up in his hands. That's, that's how God worked. Nah bro. It don't work like that. I can I tell you gonna throw the ball.


Who number eight? Aaron. Roger? Yeah. I I listen bro. Birdie already told me, so I I I didn't mean to be the one. I'm not, I'm not saying I'm Adam, Adam Scheffer. I'm not saying I'm, I'm just telling you who is gonna be throwing the ball. And you, you, you can say you heard it here first and when it does come out they can gimme credit or they don't have to. It really doesn't matter to me. It don't matter to you. Nah, it don't matter to me. I'm just telling you what it's gonna be. Alright, we gonna see


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try? Well with Future Health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ocho now's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Hey man. Yes. We listen, we, we be leaving the show too soon or night when I'm full of energy and we need to take advantage of me having this kind of energy. Let's stay on for another hour. What you Say? I gotta work tomorrow. I Gotta work tomorrow too. I'm here in New York. Sheldon Pope says Ocho, is Steph going to send you the 4,003 point shot ball made to add to your LeBron game ball collection?


I mean, you got 40,000, 50,000 and step 4,000 for three point shot ball. That, but That ain't, that was funny. Boy, ain't that was funny. Hey, when Steph playing tonight, ain't He? Yeah, they played, they played Sacramento. Yeah. I should have shot, I should have, I should have shot him a text. If I had shot him a text, he probably would've gave it to me. So I probably shoot him a text after afterwards and see if he, if he willing to come up off of it. You know, listen, a milestone like that, a that caliber, I'm not sure if he'll let that ball go, but we'll see what happens on the next show. Tony, big Buck Buchanan. What's good UNC and Ocho much love say man, what do y'all think?


Can my Falcons trade cousins? We don't want nothing but a third or fourth round pick for him. It ain't the pig, it's not the compensation. It's that contract. Yeah. The deal. Ain't nobody taking that. And you listen, Kirk can just be, Kirk can be a backup right now. He not starting. No way. Michael Penning Jrs has started now going forward. No. So it really doesn't, but they want to trade him to get that contract off. Maybe. I think it'd be interesting. Let's see where Russ. Okay, Russ, we got three spots. You got Pittsburgh, you got Cleveland, you got the Jets. Now we believe those teams are gonna probably select the quarterback. Now obviously Pittsburgh, I don't think Pittsburgh will take a quarterback that high, but Cleveland probably would take a quarterback.


Now they might not, excuse me, they might take Travis Hunter interested in the seat. Maybe take care of war. Right? Maybe they take Shado Sanders giant. Same thing. Do I take cousins for a year? Give these guys an opportunity to learn from a veteran presence. How to go about it, how to study tape, how to be the guy face of a franchise. Is that what they do? Because yeah, maybe they don't get, You know, but I'm not, I'm not, I'm I'm not really trying to pick up that. Now if it's gonna be a situation where the, the Falcons is gonna play the bulk of the contract, I I'll, I'll take him on ocho. Hmm. But he still got what? He still got like 50 million dudes. He do 50.


Yeah. That's tough. Yeah. And he's less mobile than he's ever been and he is never been a mobile quarterback. So imagine an Achilles injury ocho to an already stationary quarterback. That's crazy. Tony, you might be stuck. Isaiah Lancaster. What's good unc Ocho Two questions. Will Josh Allen go down after the second greatest dual threat quarterback behind Lamar Jackson and Unc? Who are your top five clutches? NBA players of all time? I mean, Mo I mean we gotta just throw Steve Young in there, man. We be shortchanging Steve Young. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. See? Yeah, I think they, I think a lot of people forget because they, they're stuck in the present.


They're they're they're prisoners right now. But Steve Young. Yeah. Randall Cunningham also. Yes. Randall Randall Cunningham is also in that same, And you wanna go back a little a a little further? Roger Starbeck Man, Fran Tarkenton, You know, but, but Lamar, Lamar, Lamar Jackson and Michael Vick. Oh, they, they set a different standard play. They set a different standard play. Ah yeah, they did. Alexis, I still can't. As great as Lamar Jackson is as great as Lamar Jackson is, regardless of what the numbers may say that Michael Vickie experience when he was in Atlanta. Yeah.


I, because I, I don't, You know, I live, I would there, You Know people, You know, You know how people love Carnival in Brazil? Yes. Or people love when rodeo comes around or people love in New Orleans. Love Mardi Gras. That's what Michael Vick in Atlanta was. It was an experience that you had to go and see to appreciate and understand. Forget the numbers. I don't care what the numbers say. You had to be there. You had to be. Yeah, you had to see it. Clutches. NBA play of all time no order. Jordan, Kobe, Broun.


I'll take Bird, Bird, Larry Bird and I'll take Damn Who else I'm gonna go with Who hit some big shots. I guess I, I mean hell, I guess it's because I just remember, I just remember the Olympics. I'm gonna take Chef Steph.


I like it. Dizzy baby. Oh one sup Ocho. Hey Unc, it's a pleasure meeting you today. If Jerry writes to go and route running, he made it look easy. Love you guys also why you lie on spa? Said he set the field on fire Because I ain't wanna get no ass whipping. Somebody gonna have, if it's a choice between me and somebody else getting ass whipping, I put that Somebody else gonna get it. The team, I dunno to tell you. Yeah, Jerry was technically so was he the greatest rock runner? No. Great. He was the greatest receiver. Now we could, we could put that to bed. But no, look Ocho, Devonte Adams, Tory Holt was a route runner.


Jimmy Smith. Keenan Ricardo, my brother ran, ran great routes man. Just in, in short, what uncles trying to say the greatest rock runner right now is sitting on the other side of this goddamn camera. His name nickname was Chad Johnson from Liberty City. One of the few people who would come out the huddle line up of the line in Bumper Run would tell the corners the route, which most of you can ask and they will tell you about it and still be able to get open. Either one receiver that will talk trash the week before a game and still go out there and execute. You know how difficult it is. The game of football in general at the highest level is very difficult. But to be out there to, to be able to, to go through immediate day on Wednesday and say what you're gonna do, then you have a team of 11 people trying to knock your head off and still go out and execute what you said you gonna do on Wednesday and still pull it off on Sunday.


Come on man. Stop playing now. Huh? Pure Entertainment. Maha the gash. Okay, hold on. I ain't finished. I ain't finished. Let, lemme give, lemme give a peace off now. I am the only receiver in the history that wasn't paid for his receiving skills, but I was paid because of my feet. Now let that sink in. Okay. They paid me for my feet. They ain't paid me for nothing else. The Ocho you never got to explain why you think Aldo is the goat over messy and do you think Aldo can help Portugal win The World Cup next year?


Hey, listen, messy is God given. Messy is mess, messy is God said, boom. That was messy. Messy is an unbelievable talent. I love him. I love I love him to death. I have an appreciation for him and in, in his, in his craft. But ano had to, had to, had to work and work his way to where he is now. I'm I'm just, I'm I'm just saying when you watch messy like that is God. Obviously he had to work on his craft, but it's just God given, I don't know how to explain it to get you to, to, to understand it, but understanding where Christiano came from and understanding how you had to hone and get better at his craft to become who he is today.


And then just the comparison of the two greats. It's unnecessary because it's all based on preference. So who you like more? Yes. I prefer the more the flashier version of Creo And you, You know, just, it it, it suits me better based on my personality. I just like him better. I love mess as well and that takes nothing away from me either one of their greatness. They're both great and that's it. And funny thing, we talk about messing Gano my favorite player in Ball Elli. Anyway. I just love, I love both of them and what they have the, what they've done for the game and, and wanna do for the game later on in life when they're done playing. J 2 1 3. Hey, Ocho Honor Women's History month. What do you think your grandmother and mother OCHO would say to you today?


What would you want to say to them? That's a good one, man. My granny would be, My grandma would be happy Boy. Well would she be extremely, extremely happy? My grandma would be happy. My my mama, she'll probably get on me. I I listen, not do anything to have my mama back. Boy. It ain't gotta be long. Just cuss me out one more time. That's, That's it. Let me, let me get one more. Them you sap sucker you motherfucker, you, you, you, I just give me one minute. Let me just give me that one more time. I still got her messages before she passed away. I showed you right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The message. I'm refuse to erase it because there's a message of a whole, a paragraph I'm talking about long, how can just keep going on and on her letting me have it and it, there would be no better way to lose her than the way I know her best.


Right. Letting me have it. I didn't even get a chance to say, I love you. I didn't even think it would've been right for her to pass someone with, with, with us exchanging those words, those pleasantries. That's not how, that's not how our relationship was. Right. We, she went away and transitioned how we've always been going at it. And that, that's, that's, that's one of one of the greatest memories I will ever have, have of her. Especially those of who have watched her and seen her in action. Or Marriage bootcamp. Family edition. Oh, right. That's, I I love her to death. Yeah. Love her to death, My man. It was, yeah. She would like, I mean she would always come up behind me and she'd be tapping me on my trap.


She like, mm, lemme this little big old boy right here. If I'd know if he gonna be this big, I'd have threw him off the train, You know, I'm saying. So she was, she was extremely app, she was extremely proud Right. Of of, of what I become. And she was proud that how obedient I stayed, how humble I stayed. And still to this day now, everything I do is for my family. It ain't about me. I'm good. But when she was on her deathbed, I promised, I said, I got everything gran. And so my responsibility now is to make sure my mom, my sister, my brother, my three kids are good.


Hmm. That's all I care about now. That's, it is all I think about is to make sure I update my trust. My, I update that every couple of years. I wanna make sure everything is put into place, everything is understood. This goes here, this goes there, this goes here, this goes there. That's, that's my responsibility, that's my sole purpose moving forward in life is to make sure those people that I love the most never have to worry about anything. So she would be proud that I've been able to, that's been my grandma passed in what? July of 2011. So that's been 14 years and I've been able to keep my promise Saint the snake, Hey Ocho, You know unc be kissing on them dogs, but this man looking at you weird but tos a little salad with whipped cream technique and on them toes, man.


Hey, say the snake. I know this man that you talking about. Eat. Listen. I, I mean listen, listen. I understand what he's saying, but obviously I also had dogs before, so I understand the love you do have for your dogs. Yeah. I, I I I get it. But also if there's some things that you can do with having love for dogs when you have love for women, you should be able to do the same things. I Kiss the mouth. I do. No. Oh no. Oh no. Can I, can I tell you something? What? Can I say something? Just one thing. What you do understand, they put a crack in the back, back there for a reason and I'm, I'm just saying I'm leave it at that.


I don't, I don't want to, I don't want to veer off track. Yeah, that's all. That's I'm sorry Ocho. Well you need to feel it though, but not with my tongue. Oh no. See there you go back. Aint hugging Don joke because you wish my best friend Ty happy birthday and keep hug and keep being successful at this, at life. Thanks guys. Yes, Ty, happy birthday man. Aw and Birthday twin. Yeah man. Hopefully you watch that cab. Hopefully Thank you for your support. Thank you. All you guys. Batty happy birthday. Hope you did something fun today. And guess what?


Hopefully you have many more of those to come. Come Cake mama. Good evening guys. Shannon, will you be in Charleston La Porter when the spring summer tour schedule be announced? I don't know if we going, we going to Charlotte? I don't think we're going to Charleston. I'm going to Charleston for La Porter. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be there. Can't wait. We have one last day. Appending. Hold up. We do have one last date pending and then we'll announce planning to have tickets go on sale next week. So, oh, coming up We going? Where we going? The tour. Oh, we going on tour? Yeah. Hey, so like the Beatles?


Yes. Like the five heartbeats? Yes. Like The Temptations. Yes. Oh, I gotta get, I gotta get my outfit ready. You Want to go ahead? We want Ash. You want us to go announce it? Okay. Alright, we gonna kick off June 13th in Baltimore at the Lyric Baltimore. Oh, we Gonna have the Mark Jackson, June 14th with Philly at the Met Philadelphia. Oh, July 12th, Charlotte of his auditorium. July 19th Los Angeles. The theater. July 25th, mi huh? How's it pronounce that?


Orpheum Theater in Los Angeles. Okay. July 25th, Miami, the Fillmore Miami. Are we in Miami? July 20? Yes. July 26th. New York Town Hall on the Pickup team. I'm York way now. Chicago, the An Athe Theater. Okay. Okay. Chicago. Okay. Hey, hey. Somebody in the chat. If you in the chat, can you write this down? Can you tweet it to me? Can you tweet the city and the dates? Just tweet it to me real quick 'cause I ain't, I ain't had no chance to write it down. Boy, I'm excited. Boy. I forgot, I forgot who we going on tour?


Yeah. Oh Man, I got open. I'm ready. I love big women saying, Hey, can c do the river dance for fans once again? Nah. Them days, them days over. I can't, I can't, I can't. I can dance. You Can't move like that no more. I can't, I can't do that. Alright. Hey, hu. Deman Hunter said Hey Hu Ocho I really enjoyed the show. Just wanted a, a happy anniversary. Shout out of 10 years and on three 14 to my love Candace happy anniversary Desmond and Candace. 10 more. Hopefully you have 10 more in you. 10 more after that. Wish you all the best man. Congratulations on happy anniversary, sir. Kate, my guys, what's up?


Two questions. Is it fair to expects athletes to exac sacrifice everything for success? And what's the importance of film study asking for a new a a u coach hit all the opinions, how successful you wanna be. Yep. The greater the goal, the greater the sacrifice must be to accomplish it. That's all I'm gonna tell you. The greater the goal, the greater the sacrifice must be in order to achieve said goal. If you're not willing to be, if you're not willing to sacrifice, it is, in my estimation, you don't deserve the success that comes along with that sacrifice. You do what you wanna do. That's an individual based decision.


Some people perfectly fine with, Hey, I wanna do this. I don't wanna miss that. But you look at he sometimes people say, SAC I, this is what I wanna be. I wanna be the best at this. Without sacrifice, you can't be the best at anything. It don't take a, it takes more than a commitment. It takes a singular focus. Yeah. Anybody that's been successful, ask 'em about the sacrifice made to be successful. Film study a a u coach. I'm assuming a a u is basketball. Yeah. Because you need to know what the team, what the team want to do, where they want to go.


I mean, the film study wasn't important. Hell, we could just show up and play. That's it. That's the reason why guys get still. Hey, I, I knew how many times you heard, I, I knew this play was coming. They like to run this at this time on the clock and God gets a steal. Same thing in football. Hey, I know in this formation they like this down this area of the field, this down in distance. This is what they like to do. I was just, hey, believe that, that they, they were gonna do this from this formation and I read it and I did it. Film study. So film study is extremely important.


What do we got? You got anything? The cowboys are signing Miles. Sanders, yeah. From, from the Panthers. Yes. Okay. They sign Miles Sanders but wouldn't sound wouldn't sign. Nevermind. Y'all know who they wouldn't sign.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Tell family, friends and loved ones to do likewise. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. That's the number 85. Liberty City's own the Route runner extraordinaire, bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. The guy that says he's going to be married in 2026. That's Chad Ochoco Johnson. What? Ain't nothing gonna go right. Make sure you Like get that ring Boy, you hear me until I walk down that aisle. Make sure you check out Shade by La Porter. We, we have it in stock and we don't. If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it online.


We'll ship it directly to your door. Please direct responsibly and please stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company spelled 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirts and hat bundle. The link is pen at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited, so please order yours before they're all gone. And once they're gone, they're gone. We want to thank our special guests Ron Flynn for joining us tonight. Great conversation. He's amazing and we really hoping you get become that superhero, bro. Thank you. Great conversation. Hey Gilly. You heard what he said.


Money on the wood is all good. Money outta sight cause a fight. What up? Put up, shut up, get in, fit in. Let's do it. Bugs beat the Lakers. 1 26 to 1 0 6. Wasted a great performance from Luca dci. Lakers might be in trouble. Ocho if they can't turn this thing around soon. I'm unc. He's ocho. We will see you on Sunday. Oh my bad. Sunday. The Volume,


The Jeep Celebration event is your chance to start a brand new adventure. Hurry in for an exceptional offer on our go anywhere, do anything SUVs. Right now current FCA Leases can finance and get $7,000 total cash allowance on the purchase of the 2025 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo four by four, no turn in required current vehicle must be registered to consumer at least 30 days prior to purchase to qualify financing for well qualified buyers through stellantis Financial. Not all customers will qualify. Residency restrictions apply. Take retail delivery by 3 31 25 Jeep is a registered trademark.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, L pto winner and six time Lady j European tour Winner and Keira k Dixon NBC Sports Reporter and host. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an iHeart Win sports production in partnership with deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.