(0s):
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk, hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely

(49s):
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 Plus tobacco consumers,

(1m 23s):
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.

(1m 54s):
The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the First time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.

(2m 25s):
The Volume

(2m 29s):
NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(4m 8s):
Ocho? Yeah, there's a really disturbing video that came out yesterday. A real estate develop developer shared footage of him being profiled by a neighbor at a home he built in an affluent neighborhood. In order for the, for, in order for us to do this video justice, we have to show the video guys. So we ask you to bear with us because in order to give it, just to do it justice and give you the proper context, we must show the video in its entirety. Now the video is like three minutes long. We're asking you to please bear with us so we can have this conversation and, and and, and do it justice and provide context. Let's take a look at the video. Joe, How's going feel here?

(5m 12s):
Here? Yeah, you do. I don't that what? I don't know that They just left the phone. Does someone come here? How's my wife? She got chased with Chase. We chase her and we chased around the corner and the street.

(5m 59s):
And so I come up and get my pit. So I'm like to pretend and then I coming home and so I hold up and I saw him walking to back gate and he stops here and he goes, are you looking for someone? I said, Nope. And then he sat here and I was like, I need to get in. Well that's my husband. That's why he lives here. Yeah. And he lives here. So he came in and he said, there's a lady screaming. And I'm like, that's, She got all worried. That so scared crying. How I told How did he scare you though? I've just seen her in the driveway and I was like, are you looking for somebody? Because I was pulling up out And I saw someone walking in our driveway too, and I'm like, why is someone walking in our driveway?

(6m 44s):
I, she Says I someone was following her. So you were walking from there. You gave mislead, didn't you? No, I came down this street right here. Yeah. And I was riding slow. 'cause I'm looking at her Christmas lights. I'm well, you just not understand. My point of view being by myself was pa I just saw a car coming and so I was like, oh, scared me. So I just pulled up here and I kept thinking, miss be, but you didn't say this is my home. You just said you look at find down flight. I did. When you was on the porch, you asked me did I live there. I said, yeah. And you said, no you Don't. And you said, I don't think you do. So obviously you told her I was really put like, I'm pulled in my, this like I'm pulling in my house. Like this is not in this neighborhood is probably one of the best neighborhoods in Ohio.

(7m 28s):
I don't you don't have to worry about stuff like that. Well, I'm very sorry. You, you told me that I didn't, you said you didn't think I live here off. I'm so sorry. You Standing on somebody else's porch. You don't live there. And because the man just said, Hey, I live here now. Ocho. You hear what she's saying? Yeah. You have to understand my point of view of view. Yeah. We're always asked to understand their point of view.

(8m 11s):
All the while never seeing our point of view. You don't get to stand on my porch and ask me a question about my D house. What are you doing on my front doorstep? You see what she did? And she went running, screaming. Now call the cops. Now he gets blasted. Oh, this man was chasing me. See they had to release the video because she was lying. So nothing they, she left them no choice because they tried to handle it. They handled it way, way better than I would've ever handled it. Yeah. Oh yeah. Obviously. Listen, depending on who it is in that in fluent neighborhood, you know, You see, you know this. They were Was supposed to be there.

(8m 52s):
Wait, affluent. Huh? Affluent. Affluent, yeah. Doesn't rhyme with black or fluent is only supposed to mean a certain group need to look like her. She like, oh, you have to understand of somebody along with two kids. Clearly you're not that concerned because your ass outside in the dark with you and your two kids. So clearly you are not concerned. But now all of a sudden you have to see my point of view of seeing one with two kids. I'm right and I'm confused if, if, if you're a neighbor, if you've been in the neighborhood already, you haven't seen your neighbors, you never seen them before. I'm just curious.

(9m 32s):
I mean, I don't know. But these stuff like this happens all the time though. Huh? This, this is nothing, this nothing Real bad, Joe. It was, it was caught on camera this time. Yes. That thank, see that's my point. What if it wasn't Kent caught on camera? You know, everybody gonna believe her side of the story. Absolutely. What if she call the police and the police come and ask this man to identify yourself? And he go, I don't wanna identify myself. This is my house. I I'm home. Yeah. You see? And now she done, she done went on, she done disabled all of her social media and she done did a IG live talking about people are calling me racist. You don't understand you, we understand. We absolutely 1000% understand what you did.

(10m 15s):
Instead of, instead of trying to, instead of trying to say, look, I was wrong. Right? You don't get to go on somebody else's front porch Ocho and ask him. And if they say, do you live here? He says, yes. You said you didn't believe him, you don't live there. So who cares if he lived there? Your ass don't live there. And then hold on. Did she not walk away? Left the stroller screaming help. Yes. Running down the scream screaming, help, help, help. What? He should have been screaming. Hey, it is sad.

(10m 56s):
Even during this time, nothing has changed. How do you get to play victim Ocho when you initiated this whole thing? You see, that's, and see that's what happens a lot of time on social media, but this is real life. People will say whatever they wanna say to you, women will say to, oh, oh Shannon, you and I don't let it go. Oh. So you know, I told my New Year's resolution, I ain't gonna let it bother me. People still say things. Oh, you thick tongue, you can't talk Now see, when I talk about you, oh, does ESPN know you talk about women like this? Oh, now ESP didn't even know. I talk about women like this talk when you ho your hot ass on my timeline and try to get one off and I click because, you know, I keep that thing, I keep that thing on me.

(11m 40s):
Ocho I got a thousand jokes. I'm on number 12. Yeah, you, you gotta, you, you gotta you gotta, you gotta tweet like I do, man. It's, it is fun. And you gotta understand. I let it sometimes it go No, you can't let it go, man. So listen, so lemme tell you something. If somebody walk up and slap you, you gonna turn the other cheek. O Joe, I pray. You know, I pray every night, but God, just leave me be. Now what that got, that ain't got nothing to do with what I just asked you. If somebody walk up and slap you on the left side of your cheek, are you gonna turn the right side? So you to slap that that one too? Yeah. I'm gonna have to move on. I'm gonna just go say, Lord. Oh, you got, you gotta control your Twitter the way I do Unc you have people that are positive and I engage with them in a positive manner.

(12m 25s):
You have people that talk to me negatively and I engage with them in a negative manner. It keeps a happy balance on the timeline. Everything can't be positive. No, it can't. I just don't respond. That's not, That's not the way the app works. So if somebody keeps at you, I'm telling you, regardless of what your New Year's resolution may be, you have to talk trash back. We love that. The people love that. It keeps, it keeps the timeline balance. If everything is always happy, happy, happy, happy. It ain't no, It's all good. Hey, listen, negativity and talking trash and engaging with people, whether negative or positive, it builds character. But you, It builds Character. It does.

(13m 5s):
But you know what, Ocho we don't ever get to miss next state. We don't ever get to stand on somebody's porch and ask them, you live here. I don't believe you. You notice, you notice that never happened to any of us. We never, we never get on camera being at the wrong place and saying, right. Oh, is this your house? I don't Understand. You think I care? You actually think I care who house it is. I'm minding my business. They throw their hand up, I throw my hand up and keep going. But you on this man's place, on this man's front porch. He said he lived there. You say you don't believe him, you leave your stroller, you take off running, screaming, yelling, help, help, help.

(13m 49s):
You don't know who could have heard that came out shooting and then what? I'm sorry. Oh Yeah. And it, it, it could have gone bad depending on what type of cop showed up. That's my point. Ocho that's my only point. How many times have we seen a situation like this happen because of a lie Emmett Till died behind him. A lie. Oh, people being nosy. Yes. Which young, which young dude that was running? Remember? He Oh yeah. That's not him, Brunswick. Yeah, he was. Yeah. Yeah.

(14m 29s):
Come on now. Well, we don't, we don't, we don't, we don't, we don't get, see, we don't get that benefit because how many times there have been a lot of times that we call the cops and we end up getting arrested. We call the cops. Oh damn. Yeah, I just, I just, I just hated this my, my, my heart broke for this family. Because it could have and see people quickly say, oh, but it didn't. No, it's not that it didn't, it's the fact that it happened to begin with. Yeah. We in 2025 and stuff like this is still happening. Yeah. And the funny thing about it, Unc, regardless of it being 2025, it could be, it could be 2050, it's still gonna always go on.

(15m 11s):
You know, we just, we just have to do a better job at trying to disengage in those situations. I gonna do and not Why I gotta disengage at my house. I mean, I I I know what you mean. I'm just saying, you know, I, oh, Joe, just think about it. You pull up to your house, you pull up to your mansion and somebody standing on your front porch. You live here, you like, yeah, I don't believe you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Bitch. How you got through my day? Oh, excuse my bad, bad. Okay, my bad. I, I was doing good tonight. That was my first one. I'm sorry. Yes, bro. My first thing is like, do you live here? Why? I I don't know if I live there, but I know you don't.

(15m 56s):
Now again, why are you on that porch White? No. Why you on my porch? Yes, Man, please. They be, she was doing too much. She did entirely too much. It was told unnecessary. And, and then the fact that she's yelling and screaming like somebody was chasing her. She left this couple no choice but to release that video because she had told, and the family got tired of her lives upon lives upon lies. And it says, you know what, it's all cam captured on ring cam. It's everything that transpired is captured. Now she's trying to go back. You gotta understand my point of view some, a mother with two kids.

(16m 41s):
If you so afraid. If you are so afraid, why is your ass out that time of night with two kids? If you that afraid? Clearly you're not that afraid. You clearly is not that, you're not that afraid. And yeah, she went and got her husband. You see that's, and then that's where I, I have had to whip him. You see, I see. That's the thing. I, Charlie had to whip him. You gonna put hands on him all Get off my property, get off my property. You gonna to get whipped and I'm gonna call my wife. You whip her too. Nah, you ain't finna play, you ain't finna play in my face like that.

(17m 24s):
Oh man. I'm like, oh, you ain't got your husband. What? You ain and got him for the best thing y'all can do, y'all outta a is to turn around and go on back home because this ain't gonna end well for either one of y'all. You gotta, you gotta hit or you gotta hit it with that burning Mac. You look like you're trying to do something to me. Hey, it won't be a, it won't be an affluent neighborhood. What I get through with them. Nah, don't play like that. Don't, don't do people like that when you wrong. Don't exacerbate a situation by lying. You was wrong. You know, they play victim quick, man.

(18m 4s):
What said you effed up and then you wanna play, wanna play victim quick? No. So hopefully everything gets resolved. The couple, I am sorry that you had to go through this. That's why, you know, you move in a neighborhood and you think you're safe and everything's gonna be okay and then it doesn't matter. This happened. This and my neighborhood on my porch. My kids, my family gotta witness this. And all the while you pretend like you are the victim. No every, we're the victim and it's all because of you and your jaded perception that we don't belong here.

(18m 48s):
We don't belong how y'all look. You can't look like that and belong

(18m 51s):
here. We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs

(20m 12s):
Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like mdo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.

(21m 15s):
The new year means new health goals, not just for your body but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, in fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts. Fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.

(22m 16s):
This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu

(23m 24s):
Al lupus. Where does omics class of fiscal responsibility coming out and how can Brock get paid less than two? Lawrence and Golf Watson. A love or her? Will his agent get him right or he on coupon? Listen, O Joe will probably never come out because when I, when when we think about it, obviously it would be for the athletes, for those who make large sums of money in a short, short amount of time and everyone is too caught up in image looking a certain way and you know, once they make it, they wanna make sure they attain that image that they have to portray of having money.

(24m 4s):
And ain't nobody, ain't nobody dumbing down their lifestyle the way I have or the way I did. You know, when I was playing the way I do now. You know, they just, they just wouldn't, they just wouldn't. Impossible. And I, I, I see it all the time. I was able to do it during that time when I was playing because I found a way where I can make my name just as valuable as anything I could purchase. I'm not saying Evil Ocho after you got your Ocho but after you got your house. You understand what I'm saying? Yes, I do. My just as was was just as valuable.

(24m 46s):
I'm still Ocho whether I'm in a Prius or I'm in a Rose, I Could wore a goddamn trash bag. Oh shit, they go Ocho it didn't matter. I didn't, I didn't need to jewelry, I didn't need to change, I didn't need the car. You know, it was nice, it was nice to have just the fact that knowing I can go get it, that was, that was all I need. My name would just as big or bigger than anything I could purchase. So there was no point Ojo, you get $30 million, you making $30 million a year. You like, okay, I'm gonna go get my mom and dad a house so forth. So whatever the case may be, nice little, nice little house. Give 'em a little three 50, $400,000 home. Something they can maintain. They don't need no two, $3 million crib. Right. Okay, let's just say, you know what, man, I always wanted me a nice watch.

(25m 30s):
Okay? You wanna spend a couple hundred thousand for a watch take off? Yeah, I give me two or three cars. Ocho at that point in time, how many cars do I, do I need 10? Do I need a flock of 10 cars? Ocho do I need to get, if, if I get a Ferrari, I don't need a Lambo. If I get a Rose, I don't need a Bentley. Right? If I get a, if I get A-A-A-A-A Lambo truck, I don't need a color. It. Mm. You know, you see what I'm saying? Ocho? Yes sir. I don't do, do I really need, do I really need a $15 million C crib Ocho I don't, do I need, do I need to get a pri No, you don't need a private jet. If you wanna fly private, get times share, get timeshares.

(26m 10s):
Me personally, hey, unless that's a absolute, I absolutely, positively gotta get there. Gotta Be there. Oh, friendly skies. I lo Hey Delta, we love to fly these shows. I love pdd, bro. That's all, that's all I'm saying though Joe. I ain't saying don't get some nice things. You want some nice things. Your hard work reward, reward yourself for the hard work. Right. But at what point in time do I need to get, like I need to have 10 calls. I don't, I don't, and that's, that's, that's the mistake of, you know, some of us make, we don't need, we don't need a Lambo truck, a coloring truck, a la a Ferrari, a Lambo, a Bentley, a G wagon.

(27m 4s):
Do we, do we really need all that Ocho We don't. You never do. We don't. But You know, when you are young, You do who You want to live. You wanna live like the rappers even though you make 10 times more than the rappers and you see them with all the chains in, in the cars and the, oh, only if you Oh ig sometimes IG have me question myself. It's like, well damn, I be calling my people. Hey y'all ain't paying me enough. Hey, Because how, how they got on? I'm like, how every rapper fly private. Huh? Don't, don't, don't fall for that. I know they not. 'cause I see a lot of rappers on my flight. I do, I talking about big name ones and a lot of these ones that ain't got no big name, they pro.

(27m 48s):
I'm like, well he okay. Ain't none of my business. We go broke because of that identity. That image we try to portray not only while we're playing, but once we stop playing when the check stop rolling in. Yeah, You keep spending. I mean you ain't got that kinda money coming in. I go, Hey, It's impossible. It's impossible to keep up with that lifestyle. Yeah. Impossible. Yes. Imagine Unc it was the time, you know, just for contact for people at home. And I could tell you night on matter. Now it was the time. It goddamn Monday, I'm making 350,000 a week. Can you imagine making 350,000 a week next month's idea.

(28m 31s):
Man, man, I'm looking, I'm I'm looking at dudes now. You know, they living they life. I can, I can imagine what them checks look like. You making three 50 every, every, every, every Monday matter what they, they got 60 million what that check look like Looking like today. But this is the problem. Unc is in today's game, they playing the young, they playing the young bulls much more money. Right. But the young bulls today they feeling like, well damn I'm making this much money. But it's just going out Unc and they're not paying attention. The more you get, people say, well, you know, if you gimme wrong money then I'll be all right. But if you ain't got no financial discipline, it don't matter how much they give you, you still gonna, oh, you gonna overspend and when you gonna be hook up, man, it don't be, they don't be nothing left.

(29m 15s):
You gotta think about people in the chat. You could just think about this, think about wherever you from. Think about people that you know personally. It could be in the streets or it could be business that had money at one time at one point I'm talking about. Yeah, yeah, for sure. It was on top of the world where they at now you got many stories, you know, not, you ain't even gotta say no name. You can just think about the stories. Yeah, I think about all the whole time that I had homeboys call hit me up that I played with. Can you let me hold five? Can you let me hold 10? That and that way ma they made way more money than I did Ocho, Man. What's that gonna do for you though? That ain't nothing me, me giving you five grand, me giving you 10 grand ain't gonna do nothing because you gonna be right back in the same position again anyway.

(29m 57s):
Because guess What? 'cause that's, you see what you saying? What'd you say? Give, I don't, I don't because I don't lend money anymore. I'll, I'll on, I'll only give money back. I know that. I'm not gonna give back. Yeah, I know you're not gonna give it back because why the hell you come to me in the first place? Right. Because I used, hey, when I was in the legal, Hey man, let your boy hold 2,500. I say, man, if you hey go to the bank. They're like, man, the bank gonna want they inch back. I, I bought four money back. What the hell you mean the bank want theirs? I won mine. You know when I stopped doing on you, I say, you know what, hey, here's your one time you heard your one time withdrawal.

(30m 38s):
Right. And that's it one time, huh? That's it. That's your one time withdrawal. Well sure we, since we on the topic of money, man, I can go ahead and keep that 5,200. Oh you, Oh no. Oh no. Oh, I don't, I don't know who told you that. Oh no. And my money drawing interest in your pocket. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. So I can, that little fi I can take that little 5,200, put it in a cd. Yeah, Because right now the CD is really good. Now the, the, the interest rate's about to come down, so to speak. Yeah, They, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but see no, no, no, no. I need that. I that pay a little money market pay me a little four, 5%. Right. I mean, ain't much.

(31m 19s):
Oh. It's something. It's something. But listen, how much interest, how much interest is it gonna be when I pay you on fe February 6th? If 5,200 right now I'm charging you a dollar 35 a day. Damn. A dollar 35. Yeah, A dollar 35. Where did 35 come from? A dollar 35. That's my interest rate. Five six. Hey, 5%. Hey, 5% on 5,200. Right? That's two. That's, that's, you know what Ocho says is you 75 cents a day, I'm charging you 75 cents a day because 5% on $5,200 and and that was 10%, that would be $520.

(32m 7s):
So that would be two 60 for half, 5%. So two 60? Yeah, 75 cents. Okay. Okay. How about, you know what, I'll you 52 I how about I just give you 6,000? Matter of fact, we gonna start, we gonna start the show like that. Okay. We gonna start the show with me paying you six. I'm meant give you 6,000. I'm gonna give you 6,000 flat to start the show just to show I paid your money. I sure appreciate that man. I'm sure. Look, I'm sure that listen, And I, I'm, I'm, I'm only, I'm only able to pay you by the grace of God, you know? Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm able to pay you, you know, by the grace of God, they got 50 11 jobs and, and, and I'm in a good space right now. I'm, I'm in a good space and I'm feeling good.

(32m 49s):
Well, I was gonna have them deduct like 60 from your money. Nah, hey, nah. Bad, but hey, but I, yeah, that's the thing though, Ocho, I just wish, God, these guys now Ocho with what they know now and the money that you could invest and the return that you get. Yeah.

(33m 30s):
Yeah. But but also, But get, get some, get somebody, you know, get somebody that's trustworthy. Trust. Know, trust homeboy. I, hey, I ain't, I ain't invested with no homeboy. I, I ain't got file A because you don't on you a lot of times. Hey man, invest. I ain't invested in no club. I ain invested. Nah, nah bro. No I need to go. I need hey, because you know, everybody got an idea what to do with your money. Oh yeah. Always man. If I had your money. Yeah. It's Nothing there. I, I flip it and They listen. They never had proof of flipping they own and it being successful. Yeah, but want to use mine a happening. I never struggled once I left the NFL, you know why I Ocho Because you achieved like Me.

(34m 10s):
No, because football was what I did. It wasn't who I was. Mm. I never lost who I was. I understood. Come on man. That football was a part of my life. It wasn't my life. Right. What I dedicated to it. Abso absolutely right. But it wasn't your identity. No, no, no. I was a small kid from rural south Georgia. I was Mayor Porter's grandson, I was Sterling and she Sharp's brother. I'm the youngest of three. A very disciplined, determined, and dedicated young man. I knew what I wanted from a very young age. I wanted my kids to not have to worry about things that I had to worry about as a kid.

(34m 55s):
I didn't want them to spend one day in a life that I, that I had to spend 20 years in. They weren't equipped like that. So how do I make that happen? I had a singular focus, A singular focus because I knew once it was over, it was gonna be over Ocho. That's, that's why I never like, man, Man, I wish I could've got me. No. I gave it everything I had 14 years. I got look here, Ocho I had, I squeezed all the orange, got juice, I ate the inside and then I took the peel and got zest. I got everything out of that orange. And when I was done, got my shoulder pad do a, I remember Doug West and Chip said, Hey, 84, you want your shoulder pad?

(35m 45s):
Put 'em in a box, put my helmet, put my shoes clean out my locker. You know what? I need to make sure before they send, they told me to get rid of all those magazines and those pictures that I got in my locker. So, you know, you know, they see here had little sauce. Sauce. I need to get rid of those. Yeah. I don't want them coming to the houses and, and somebody, if I had those when I had to get up to get off my phone though. But that's the biggest thing. I think sometimes, a lot of times Ocho people, people's identity is tied to the sport that they play. Yeah. And some and they get lost with who am I without it? Who am I? What am I

(36m 22s):
famous Smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like MTO Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by our freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.

(37m 25s):
This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earned the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.

(38m 25s):
Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nick's are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's n.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life-changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.

(39m 29s):
Amazon one medical presents. Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. My kid just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.

(40m 6s):
Ocho check this out, talk to me. Tyreek Hill released his rank in the top 10 quarterbacks this season. Mm. It's on your screen. He got two of number one. Lamar Jackson. Hey Josh Allen. Three Dak Prescott. Four, Jerry Golf. Five Brock Purdy. Six. Jaylen Hurt. Seven. Kirk Cousins eight. Jay Daniels nine. Bo next 10. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. Now what we need to talk about before you say anything, Tyree, when did you make this list? Because I see Kirk cousins on there and I'm not sure what point you made this list, but it couldn't have been just now recently. It couldn't have been this must fact.

(40m 47s):
I disregard everything he said because he got his quarterback to one. Now I you gotta put, don't Joe, lemme ask you a question. If you got the number one quarterback in the NFL, you trying to get up out of there. Oh, he ain't going nowhere. But Do you say that? No. No. Oh, he did. So let let you know right there if quarterback ain't number one. Now let's, let's understand and remember his frustrations about doing cardio for three quarters and understand why he said that. And they put a camera in front of, in front of his face before he can calm down. Remember when we go to the rookie of symposium, what the first me tell you, if you angry, don't go to the media, calm yourself down. Take a deep breath.

(41m 27s):
But no, soon as the game ends camera right in his face, he's still upset. What does he say? He answers emotionally and says things he shouldn't say. Does he actually mean it at that time? Probably. But once he comes down and gets back in his right state of mind, God damn it. I shouldn't have said that. 'cause I the Mere fact that even if you at to the mere fact I'm talking about how about even though when, when, when, and we're gonna talk about this. Yeah. Even when, when Trav wasn't getting targets, you think Travis wanna lead Patrick Mahomes? Nah, Now I I the mere fact that he got one omission on that. I don't see the guy now this guy in, in the last four years, five years, he won three Super Bowls.

(42m 8s):
Three Super Bowl MVPs and two MVPs. And he ain't on this list. And you mean to tell me you thought Kirk Cousins, you thought Mark Purdy, you thought Dak Prescott, you thought Tua had a better season and he had a bad season based on who he is. And you think those guys had a better season than him? Listen that and that's what I'm talking about on, I guarantee you this list isn't recent. I guarantee you it's not. I guarantee you it's not. You know, I mean Damn we pulled it up from three years ago. Right, but I'm just saying I unless this list was made do, If Bo Nicks is on the list, Bo Nicks just got into the league this year. Yeah, but listen, that's Daniel Just got the league this year.

(42m 50s):
He made this list for, for this very specific reason for us to be talking and engaging about his list. About said list. Yes. I like it. I like it. I like listen, I like everybody. I like everybody on there. I don't, I don't like, I don't like the Kirk Cousins. I like the Kirk Cousins based on the way you Like Dak Prescott, the guy Miss 10 games. Yeah. Like Dak. What you talking about? I'm not worried about him. I'm not talking about him missing the games. I like Dak, we talking about body of work. We talking about resume. Not he What body? Hey, don't, don't listen. Don't, don't dis don't don't dis don't, don't, don't disrespect Dak like that. Don't do that. He hold on. He ain't got your guy. Hold on. You've been on me all year long up by Joe Burrow.

(43m 31s):
Yeah. You know, you know Rick ain't no Bengals fan. He don't, he don't even watch, He ain't no fan to nobody. He should be a fan. He should have, he shoulda have a a, a tour and Snoop should been number two. Wait, who The backup quarterback? Huntley. I mean you been, you like oh you been, oh you need to stall like Joe. He ain't got Joe on there. Yeah because that this is his own personal preference on who he feels we can't, we can't fault a man for putting up his preference on his opinion on who his top 10 is. Now if we talk about quarterbacks our top 10 on Different his list, the moment he said to was better than Mahomes. We should have disregarded everything when it comes to quarterback to come out his mouth.

(44m 14s):
So it nu and void after that, huh? Yes. Yes because that's so egregious. Ocho two of two of mom and dad won't say or better than ma homeboy. You won't find nobody in Miami. Put it like this here. If your, if your fan base would trade your quarterback for Mahomes Lamar Baltimore ain't trading Josh Allen but everybody else on this list, I guarantee you they would trade their quarterback for Mahomes. You think Dallas would take Mahomes over Dak? You think Atlanta would take him over Kirk? Cousins Philly would take him, would take Mahomes over Jaylen Hurtz San Fred would absolutely take him over Brock Purdy.

(44m 59s):
Right. Detroit would absolutely take him. Oh I got, I got one for you. Who will the commanders take him over? Jayden Daniels? Yeah. Go ahead and think about that now. Yeah, what I would Yeah. Hell yeah. The only, the only two. Well only one Lamar. Because now because here's the thing, you gonna have to run the offense. See the thing is Josh Dak, that's a drawback. Jerry Goff's drawback, right? Taylor her, he runs a very similar West Coast style system. Yeah. To what they run in San Francisco to what they run in Atlanta.

(45m 40s):
So there ain't going be a whole lot, ain't gonna be a whole lot of drop off. Can you imagine Mahome boy with SA Quad behind him and AJ and Devonte? You remember when he had Tyreek and Sammy Watkins, right? Oh Yeah. Okay. They were eating by, they were Okay. Can you imagine if he had Jalen Waddle, Tyreek Hill, John New Smith and, and and h Han. That's nasty. Yeah, I don't see no Mahomes. I don't see no Joe Burrow And you got some guys over there Wreak.

(46m 21s):
We wish you well. Charger head coach Jim Harbaugh said today that he have a cardio ablation, ablation this off season and hit replacement surgery. Don't you remember I was having a conversation with you. I say I know that walk, I seen that walk several times. And You did say that not long ago on the show. I, I told I know that walk. The thing is I boy guy that had that walk for the better part of three years. So It it's painful. Huh? What? Hold on, wait a minute now ho wait a minute. If he's getting the surgery, if he gonna get it now, what's the timetable as far as healing and will he be able to coach? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah he'd be fine. He was fine. I mean, Ocho I had the surgery, the first surgery I had on a, we, I had a, on a Saturday I was doing squats and lunges that following Thursday.

(47m 9s):
What? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, it ain't no boo. Now for me, they, they, the, the the PT told me said, Hey take a little, take a little some Ambien, you know, not Ambien, Ambien take some top pain medicine. Yeah. So I took a couple of Tylenol, something like that because he said we gonna put, gonna put it through, it's gonna be a little painful. You gotta realize Ocho you got that incision and you got the surgery, the, the, the, the, the artificial hip that's in there. Right. So, you know, you gonna have to bite down. You know, I had a towel, I had to bite down on that towel Ocho 'cause there's tears rolling down your boy's eyes. But I knew sometimes people wait too late. Right. And they, that it gets, you know, you don't get that flexibility in there.

(47m 51s):
Right. I wanted the flexibility immediately and so I, hey, I had to, I had to bite the bullet. But you know what you're going as a professional athlete, you know, we have stuff like that. You don't know what it's like to be injured. And So you probably hadn't had to do a whole lot of rehab other than a little sprained ankle. Right. But if you had surgery, if you've gone through things, you kind of know what it's like. And so it only tells me Ocho I was, I was back working out. They normally say, okay, six weeks I was back working out in four weeks, but I was squatting four days, five days after I actually had the surgery squatting that lung. So hold on, I'm, I'm confused. I now, now after you get these surgeries, not at, are the rods or whatever they put in place, Are they there? So what happens?

(48m 31s):
Does it affect you when you in cold weather or, or you don't? No, no. There's, there's, you'll never have pain in that because there, there's no bone, there's nothing to be arthritic. So you gonna be great. And like the doctor told me, said, you won't believe how well you feel after you have this surgery. Everybody that's ever had this surgery that I've spoken to, right. They rave about it. They rave about it. It is a, if you have, if you have hip pains and, and the thing is also some people young as, as tight as Titus, I see you buddy. Some people as look young as 27, 28 are having total hip replacement. So at 27, 28, huh?

(49m 11s):
Yep. That thing, if it gets chronic, if it gets bad enough, Ocho, oh, you get it done. Hold on. Because I put it off Ocho, I got the injection, I got the steroids injection, I got all that stuff, Ocho. But eventually that pain got, then it kept felt like they was giving me a placebo. It didn't even do anything. The, the, the, the pain medication that they was injecting in there, the steroid. Right. It wasn't doing anything to help. So I just did, I just did that and got it done with. But Coach Harbaugh, you're gonna be just fine being the next professional athlete like yourself and being as hardhead as you are, I know you gonna put the time into rehab and you'll be back up and running. You'll be glad you had this surgery, I promise you that pain that you feel, I don't know if he's taking any pain medication, but the pain that he feels, he won't feel anymore.

(49m 56s):
I promise you that Ocho and It, hold on. I, I'm, I'm still thinking about that. You talking about people that's 27, 28 probably never played contact sports never played at the highest level of sports. NFL is concerned. How do you have hip, hip problems at such an early age? Sometimes It's degenerative sometimes, sometimes it's degenerative. Degenerative. You just, you just born with it. You know. Look, my sister had both of hers. She ain't double played no surgery, no volleyball, she no volleyball, Tennis, Nothing. Nothing, nothing. Had both of 'em replaced. My brother had his replaced about to have a knee replaced. I've had both of mine replaced. Obviously, obviously if you're a professional athlete, the bounding out of the jumper, a triple jumper and a long jumper in high school played sports since I was nine years of age.

(50m 38s):
Obviously all that pounding up and down playing basketball all those years, obviously yes, but sometimes you, you know, you just, you know, you just born, I mean, think about all the people that never played a sport that's having knee replacement or hip replacement. Right? It just, it just happened. But like I said, sometimes, sometimes it's a situation where you have an accident, a car accident, a motorcycle accident, and the hip is destroyed. Okay, you gotta get another one, right? Sometimes it's degenerative, you just never know. But I just know you're glad you do because glad you once you have that surgery, I know you're glad you are right. Glad you did. Because it's so damn painful Right now. I don't mean to be in anybody's personal business. I ain't mean to I I don't mean to be in your pockets.

(51m 20s):
Now when we talk about these type of surgeries, what type of money we talking about Mine? This was, I had my first one. I'm trying to think. I think I had my first one in, in, in July of 2020. Yeah. Like 104,000. Oh Man. Oh man. Hell no. Hey, that hit gonna have to stay like that boy gonna have to No It, oh no. The Volume.

(51m 50s):
I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.

(52m 25s):
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon Music, music to podcast fast shipping? What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now

(53m 7s):
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely

(53m 56s):
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh. Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.