
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy.


This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear the experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound. And to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bs.com.


Step into the world of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@chappacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service For me. Play the Godfather now@chappacasino.com. Welcome To the family, No purchase necessary V DW Group. Avoid prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


With dozens of streaming services, box office films, and content to choose from. People are spending over two and a half years of their lives searching for what to watch. But the Hollywood Reporter brings you THR charts one place for you, your family and friends. To find the most watched TV shows and movies every week. THR Charts is a guide to help you spend less time scrolling through platforms so that you can spend more time watching and binging the content everyone is talking about. All supported by data and trusted sources like Nielsen comScore and Pared Analytics. Check out THR charts on hollywood reporter.com.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Falcon said, okay, we gonna keep y'all out of the end zone. They get the ball back. Go right back down the field. Eagles fans. Now, last week when y'all went on Green Bay, y'all was in Brazil and y'all won. I said, ocho, I I I'm still, I'm not sold on that defense. I said, I see some things I don't like ocho. I'm not sold. Oh, hater. You hating again. Oh me riding old meat. Riding up. Y'all See what y'all fail to realize is OCHO and I have two and a half decades playing the game. Yes. Breaking the games down, watching the games. The difference between OCHO and I and most people that do what I do, you watch the game. Yay. They scored a touchdown. Yay.


They got a sack. My job is to go deeper. I need to know why they scored. I need to know how they got that sack. So when I come up here and I sit before you, I can give you things. I don't got no dog in the fight. I don't have no anybody on the eagle side. Raheem Morris came by, he was great. Sat down on, when we was on the tour, OCHO gave us 15 minutes of his time. Greatly appreciate that. I know Arthur Blank a little bit. Yes, I have his number. I'm cool with Mr. Blank. I don't bother that man. I don't ask him for tickets, but he just thought it'd be good. We used to go to the same gym, used to train with the same Pilates teacher. So I just throw that out there. But Ocho, when I watched it, I said, Ocho, I ain't sold on the Eagles defense. I told you that last week.


I said, I'm not sold Ocho. I said, because that back end, it scares me. And they can't consistently generate pressure. They let Hassan, the Hassan, Reddit go, Fletch retired. Brandon Graham is good, but he's getting a little long in the tooth. I say Ocho, they're not consistently generating pressure and you can run on them. Whoa, whoa. Shut, stop hating you starting off the season hating already, right? Yeah. And Eagle fan. What y'all gotta say about unc now? Y'all wanna talk about anything? Yeah, but see, well, we gotta once, I'm not sure what they need to do, what adjustments they need to make with Jordan Davis. I mean with Jordan Davis and Jalen Carter up there with those two behemoths of a man of young men, there should be constant pressure at every time.


Actually nobody based on what they have at the front line, should really be able to run the goddamn ball. Nope. Just, just thinking, thinking about the, those two right there. Clogging up the middle. It shouldn't be nobody running the ball at all. But for some reason Bija Robinson is also a special back as well. He's a, he's a special back. But when thinking about the game, to me, obviously it was boring. If you watch the first in the second quarter, it was the snooze fest. It was the snooze fest. It did not get exciting until the end of the game, which always happens in low scoring game for some reason like this, it gets great at the end. Now the game was sealed and dealed and done. If Sayquan could have caught that ball and gotten that first down, then you could have run the clock out.


'cause you, you already, you picked up the First Just run the ball. Just run. Oh Joe, do you know 40 seconds gonna go off the clock? Hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on. If they ran the ball, they were anticipating to run. That's why the swing pass was wide opening in the flat. That's what, But it, it's great if you make it. Guess what? I run the ball and I'm gonna run it all the way down. I'm gonna take me a time out. I'm gonna take 40 seconds off the clock. How much a time? So that's a minute. Hold on. But you gotta think about it in that situation, in that scenario, yes. Based on down the distance, the time of the game in the fourth quarter. What is the Atlanta Falcons expecting? They're expecting them to hand the ball off to Saquon. That's why I thought the play call, the play call was beautiful to me.


And, we just needed Saquon. I'm talking about weed. I talking about weed. He the ball. Yeah. As a Eagle fan, It was a, it was a great, it was a great play call because yeah, you're right. Anticipate you gonna run it. Yeah. I'm thinking just like you, oh, y'all running this ball. Ain't no way y'all will let Jayla Hurst throw this ball and go, oh, Play action. Roll out Saquon white over. He didn't drop it. Boom. Hold on. Wait a wait a minute now we still got time. The Falcons come out, they get the ball back and drive the length of the field. Hold on. We playing too. We we playing too. Shell, we playing too high. I don't know what the safety's doing. The the corner out the Darnell Mooney the first corner out the Darnell Moon. Why the safety all the way back there Like it's goddamn pun return Because he wor he, he worried about that double mood to the post.


Even, even still in that situation, you know they got to throw the ball short. Boom. If you in two, your antennas gotta go up. Let's say it was Ed Reed back there. What you think Ed Reed doing? But here's the thing, Ojo, he, he, He, listen, he gonna, he gonna bait you and he driving on the corner because he knows what you running based on Thena, mooney's and lineman. Lemme, I know the quarter route coming. Lemme tell you why you playing cover two? You can't get no pressure. You better not, you better not go single. High safety and you ain't got, but what you touched Kurt cousins one time. Yeah. Think about what he did. What was Kurt cousin doing with the in the pocket on that last drive Pat patting the goddamn damn ball. God damn patting The ball.


I wonder what my kids, I wonder if my wife didn't put the kids to bed. Damn. I wonder what my mom doing. Man, that's a beautiful night in Philly. Dad. He doing all that. He Like, he said some, some somebody, somebody got somebody gotta fill a void. Huh? They let Hassan ready it go. He let he he led him in Sax last year. Yes. They let him go. So somebody gotta pick up the slack up the middle. Jalen Carter, Jordan Davis, maybe y'all gotta come to the park. They, they gotta Get in shape. You gotta come. I mean they can't, they can't run, they can't run with two plays. Jordan Davis run two plays and come out. You think, you think you don't think they're in Shape? No. Hell no. Why you running two plays and come out the ballgame? Well, you know, I mean when it comes to interior, most of the time most teams they, how, how do you call it? They, they, they not, they Rotate.


They rotation. They Rotate. They, they stay fresh. Ain't nothing jokers got no pressure fresh. I need some dogs. Hey, go hunting Bryce Young era temporarily has been halted. Dave Canales decided to bench Bryce Young less than 24 hours after telling everyone he's starting next week. The red rifle. Andy Dalton is being named a team starter quarterback. Moving forward this season, young was reportedly shocked by the benching and told and, and sources told Jordan Schultz, it came outta nowhere. Nah, actually didn't. If you go back and look at your play, look at the play. It ain't come outta nowhere. No one anticipated the plug being, oh no one anticipated the plug being pulled after just two games with a new coaching staff.


But a reminder that the Patriots Panther, excuse me, traded so much to get him. They traded DJ Moore 2023 first round pick, which was Darnell Wright. A 2023 second round pick, which was Tyreek Stevens. He, I think he's a starter 2024 first round pick, overall pick Caleb Williams and a 2025 second round. You don't Do that. You don't do that. You don't do nobody like that. For one. I'm gonna start with David Teper because what David Temple is doing, it's insubordination. I don't even know what that shit mean. But it sound like it fits for this goddamn scenario.


Well he can't insubordinate because he's the higher up. Yeah. Insubordinate the under. That's the problem. Because now you pointing the fingers at Bryce Young, like Bryce Young is the issue. That's not the issue. Yeah, That's not the issue. Look, Look, they're the board Talent. The quarterbacks before Bryce Young got there, I thought they was the problem. Who was the quarterback before Bryce Young Man. They had Sam Donald, they had Baker, baker, Mayfield, baker Maker. Keep going. I I don't, I don't know who, I don't, I don't really know who came directly after Cam. That's the hope. That's what I'm trying to say. It is been a re a revolving door of quarterbacks not having success because they don't have what they needed around them to be successful.


There was a reason you was able to get Bryce Young because he is the number, he was the number one pick for a reason. You were able to have the number one pick for a reason. So now you expect Bryce Young to come in, had a coach, had a different culture staff last year. You hired Dave Canis. Right? You bring him in, you let him play two games. He has nothing surrounding him to help him. But now you gonna bench him and you gonna start Andy Dalton. Like that's going to answer problem. Like, Andy Dalton gonna take you Somewhere like that's gonna answer the problem. No, fix the shit around him. And then you put him, put him in an environment and I guarantee you you'll find success. Oh, Bryce Young is the issue.


Then people talk about, oh, he too short. Oh, he can't see. Hello? How tall is Kylea? Fucking Murray. How tall is Baker Mayfield? I Well we know, we know he taller than Kyle Murray. Oh, I, He absolutely. Is that the, the re it's not Bryce Young now, now what I will say, if you turn the tape on, there will be some discrepancies in his play. Oh, his confidence is shot, man. He Got, yeah. Hell yeah. Listen, and this is no disrespect to any of the receivers that on the Panthers No, I'm listen, no disrespect, you know, I love, you know how I feel about you even if I don't know you personally. But he has, you know what, I ain't gonna say that 'cause I don't wanna be disrespectful.


He, I think the thing is, I wanna be disrespectful. The question is if, if Andy Dalton is the, is the answer, I need to know the question. Hold up the red. I'm just gonna keep it. Hey, y'all know what we do. We I keep it, I keep it one. So if he'd answer, what's the question? Well, listen, I think having a veteran presence, I'm not sure what the panther are gonna do going forward. Maybe allowing Bryce Young to sit for a year watching, watching the media outlets and some of the pundits, some of the analysts are saying Bryce Young Time and Carolina is, But they want everybody to play. 'cause every everybody think they gonna get CJ Strau. The problem is Ocho is that people forget. Do you realize Patrick Mahomes sat his entire rookie year except one Game.


But that's not what they do with rookies this year. Now on, they don't even give the rookies time to develop and learn from the sideline. Clear the deck. If you get drafted, number one, they throwing you to the wolves. They throwing you to the fire. Yeah. You gotta get out there. Before Carson didn't start, Carson didn't start the whole year. John Did start. Yeah. So times have changed now for one, the money that's being invested in these players, you know, we paying you so much. We need you to go out there right now and earn that paycheck. You need to earn what you making now. It's okay if you go to a team that is competent with weapons around you that you can use at your disposal, that makes your job easier. What Bryce Young has to do is he has to put on his fucking cape and be Superman, which he cannot do because he has nothing to use around him.


And I mean, I mean you as respectful as possible. You traded DJ Moore, somebody that could have gave him a quality receiver. You traded him. And I like Adam Feland, but Adam Feland, I mean he, he he's not what he wants. Well he's not that pro Bowl receiver anymore. He's a, he's in, he's a, he's a, he's a decent number two. Look at the receiver car in general. And I mean this in, no, I'm not trying to be disrespectful. You know, we talking about number two, we talking about twos and threes. Like who can Bryce Young, oh, stay with me now. Who can Bryce Young right in the time of need, life of death situation. He can come to the ball, get up under the center and look at a receiver and say, you know what?


Right now on this plate, I need you, I need you to win for me. Hell or high water. I know you got me no matter what, who can he, who can he do that to? Who can he do that with? CJ Ra got somebody he can do it with. Patrick Mahome got somebody he to do it with Joe Bur got somebody to do it with. Like, you can go down a list of teams that always have one dog you just mentioned. You gotta have one, one dog. And the more you have, the better you Are. I know what I can count on no matter what he got me. It's nothing. And then you got, he, yeah, you got, he's having a string of bad plays back to back and all that does to a player's confidence.


You already know what it does. He in the press, in the press conference Sunday, they asked him, have you lost your confidence? He said, my confidence is in the Lord. And when he said that, it's, Oh yeah, yeah. When he said something like that is shot on it's shot. I'm, I'm Christian. I believe I I believe in the man upstairs too. But in that environment that, that killer mindset. You Well the Carolina Panther, the Carolina Panther fans, they try to hear that. No listen, the killer mindset, the killer mindset you have to have at the quarterback position. You it. Number one, You can't shake my confidence. The confidence is number one. That's number one. Once that's gone, you just a shelly yourself out there, you'll Shelly yourself.


Because I wish more guys realized Ocho for me, how you gonna break my confidence coming from where I came from. Do you know what it took just for me to get here? Now that I'm here, you think something, oh you think, okay, I drop a couple of passes, y'all boo y'all think that's gonna break me? I should have been broke a long time ago because there along the way, I'm sure it's been 75,000 people that doubted me at some point in time. And I might not know 'em. Just like you don't know half them 75,000 or the 76, 70 7,000 or how many people that come to Carolina game, you don't know them. You can't break my con you can't shake, you can't break my confidence because I know, first of all, you, you drafted me.


'cause clearly you, you liked what you saw on tape. I played at a big time program. I won big time games against big time competitions. But don't, don't don't let a couple of bad plays. Don't let somebody pull. Now look, it's easy for me to say, 'cause I've never been benched ocho so that's a lot easier for me to say. I try to do, make sure I do everything I possibly could to, you know, it's different for a tight end receiver that it is a quarterback. They have a lot more on their plate than what we have on our plate. But nah, you not finna break my confidence. You are not finna shake me just 'cause I have a couple of bad games. Hey, But see he might, he might. I'm gonna do me, I'm, I'm gonna go out there and do me. And it's a lot, like I said, Ocho, I'm responsible for my plate.


He's responsible for air. But when things go good, he's gonna get the credit. When they go bad, he gonna get all the blame. That's what happened as a rookie. Look at the circumstance. He's coming in. He's coming into as a rookie last year, there's a reason he was the number one pick because the It damn sure Alabama it damn sure in Alabama you come. He, because when you follow tour, you follow Mac Jones and you got those receivers that you got, you got Jameson Williams and you got Mechi and you got those title, you got those running backs, you got Jamir Gibbs. Listen, you coming, you coming from a winning environment surrounded by adequate weapons that makes your job easy. I'm not saying the court then it is easy, but when you have certain players around you and you have certain weapons at your disposal, you're able to facilitate the ball in efficient way.


And that's something that he can do. He has to put on the cape and be something that he's not. He can't be Superman. Name one quarterback right now. Chad, listen. Chad, listen to me. Name one quarterback right now that you can put on the Panthers and it would turn the whole franchise around. Who, Who? Look, you ain't got, but you look, first of all, you ain't got but a handful of guys. You probably got like three or four guys Ocho that could go there. And it Ella, it raises the level of play. That's hard for a rookie because you gotta look at when Peyton, Manny got the Indy, you know what Peyton Manny had? Yeah, Ocho he had Marvin Harrison, he had, and he had Marshall Fa who two guys first Battle Hall of Fame.


Marshall Hall Falk was an is an mv was an MVP and a two time off Player of the year. And. we know what Marvin Harrison is. That's what he have. And they say, you know what we gonna do? That ain't enough. We gonna go get your Reggie Wayne. You know what? That ain't enough. We gonna go get your Ed, ed James. Oh, that ain't enough. We gonna get your Anthony Gonzalez. We gonna get your Joe Dallas Clark, Dallas Clark, Brandon Stokely. Man, don't, man, don't, don't get me started. If you look at what Patrick Mahomes inherited, he had, look what he got. He had tyreek. Andy had Kelsey and they went out and they went out and got Sammy Watkins Been fortunate. Listen, you know, you, you think about everything you just said, drafting the right way.


Be putting pieces around the quarterbacks so they can have instant success. What, what is Brother Teer doing over there? And they wanna blame it on the quarterback If They wanna blame it on the quarterback. Brady was the only one coach Tom probably said, coach Belichick, don't you draft anybody up because you ain't drafted but one player that Ms. Good and that's Bronk. Everybody else we got in free agency. We got, I mean, what was Amandola? We you got him in free agency. I think we, Edelman was a, was a undrafted fridge or a low round draft pick. You weer you, you, you signed him, but he was undrafted. You look at the guy that he signed, boy that would've been good and terrible, Man.


You remember he got Tyquan Thornton, the guy from Baylor. They red like 4 2 6 4 2 7. Yeah man. Couldn't play dead on the Western.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown. Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoke some over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


This is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game, has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, They'll find the one again and again, the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about One of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet on eBay, your feature aisles and the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag And the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking man City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in ac Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, NTUs by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament. Its champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win dates because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous With a trip to Lucky Land, you know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No Purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply


With dozens of streaming services, box office films and content to choose from. People are spending over two and a half years of their lives searching for what to watch. But the Hollywood Reporter brings you THR charts one place for you, your family and friends to find the most watched TV shows and movies every week. THR charts is a guide to help you spend less time scrolling through platforms so that you can spend more time watching and binging the content everyone is talking about. All supported by data and trusted sources like Nielsen comScore and Para Analytics. Check out THR charts on hollywood reporter.com


And it looks like he got a Achilles tendonitis and calf issues. And now Debos down the question I have for you, are they in trouble? Nah, they're gonna be all right. You know you got Ricky. Ricky, Ricky finna come back. You have Juwan Jennings who can, who is also capable of making big plays. Obviously more so in the blocking game, but he's an adequate receiver that can get open when need be. You say, did you say IU was hurt? No. IOU's not hurt. Hell, but he hadn't been involved that I thought he should. Now this, remember last year when Deebo went out, he stepped up, played unbelievable. Purdy was looking for him. So yeah, he's gonna have to go back to that.


He's gonna have to go back to because no Deebo, no Chris McCaffrey, they're still gonna, you're gonna be able to run the football. But in the passing game you are gonna have to lean, you're gonna have to rely a little bit more on iu. You're gonna have to rely a little bit more on Kittle. Yeah, like you said, Jennings played really, he played really well. He's made some big time catch. He can make some big time catch. Remember the rookie? The rookie, the rookie's coming in. The rookie from Florida. I think he'll be back. Yeah. Yeah. Ricky, he'll be back this week. So I think, I think they'll be fine. I think they'll be fine. Listen, God damn Shanahan is so goddamn creative offensively knowing how to manipulate the offense and the formations to be able to, to get the players open with understanding of their strengths and their weaknesses and what they're good at and what they're not.


I think they're gonna be fine. The Dolphin side signed Tyler Huntley off the Ravens practice squad to is seeing a neurologist and retirement is not in consideration after suffering his, I told you undocumented told concussion told instead he's in concussion protocol working to get cleared for return. Mike McDaniel said there hasn't been any decision placed on whether Tua would be placed on injured reserve. He's doing well today. And And, we take it day by day. He's smiling with his teammates. He's working with trainers. Yeah. And the medical staff diligently. Yeah. I, I like the choice. I like the choice. I think for those in the chat that have watched Tyler Huntley play understand what they're getting, they're getting, at some point I may, maybe a week, maybe two, depending on how long he takes to learn the playbook.


There's so much that the dolphins could be able to do with him. He's a dual threat quarterback. Yep. He's a, he's a good thrower of the ball. Yep. He's someone that can get the ball to waddle the Tyreek. He can throw a good deep ball, but also escaping his escap ability is up to par. I'm not calling him Lamar Jackson, but if you saw when he hit the Ravens and he had to, he played well He, well yeah, he, he came in and Played, played really well. So I think that's a good fit for the dolphins and he needs to be behind center as soon as possible. 'cause if you look at the numbers, no disrespect to Skylar Thompson. If you look at the numbers and the efficiency when Skylar Thompson plays, even with Waddle and goddamn tyreek, I mean Tyreek Hill at the him, it ain't that good.


It ain't that good. So you want to be in contention as long as possible. And the two is able to come back and return, which I think will probably be week six. I think the bi week is five. Maybe the Bible week is six. So I think two will come back week seven. I think the thing is Ocho is that I think Tua had a concussion that wasn't diagnosed. Remember he got that concussion and they say, oh it was his shoulder, he was stumbling and his offensive lineman. And then he come right back out there that Thursday night against Cincinnati and get slammed. And we Back of the head. Yeah. And if I'm not mistaken, I think he had one at, at Alabama. It is tough to leave something not on your terms. Right. Especially, which is early this early after I just got paid.


After I, after I just got paid. And I have to continue to prove myself that I'm worthy of the contract that I received. Especially after dealing with the bullshit when Brian brother Brian Flo Flores was here. Yes. I have to prove myself, not just myself, but also to the doubters who said I wasn't worthy of being the quarterback of the Miami Dolphins. I'm not worthy that the contract that I just received, I have to prove my, there's no way in hell. That's why I said it. As soon as they happened, And, we talked about it ain't no way in hell in retiring. Ain't no way in hell. It just, it just, you know, as a competitor, the game of football, like you just said, all it took you to do all you went through the obstacles, the ups, the downs to even get to this point in life, you think I'm gonna just hang it up behind some concussions despite the health risks.


Yeah. Long term. Hey doctors, doctors don't like to be a definitive because they don't know. There's like, okay we think this, you know, I was listening to Teddy, I, I went back and Teddy Bruski. Yeah. He said when he had his stroke, he said, the doctor says, okay, you could be okay, but there's always a possibility. We think there's very minimal risk. Right. But this is, this is still a procedure. This is still surgery. The body is going to be opened up. Mm. In this situation where my brother went to get his eval eval for his neck. Right. The doctor looked at him and told him, he said, Mr. Sharp, you get to make your own decision.


But if you were my son Mm, I would advise you never to play football again. Take one hit. Huh? That was it. My brother was like, Hey, 29 years of age just come off a 94 catch 94, catch 18 touchdown season. Mm 29. It was over. Hey Michael Irvin, same thing. Huh? Michael Irv had, yeah he had a stenosis which is narrowing of the, of the spine. Ah. So he got boom done. See I, I think the thing is is that, you know, we never think anything that's bad traumatic is gonna happen to us.


Right. Right. That happen to other people. Right. I ain't gonna get no car wreck Ocho. I ain't going, I ain't gonna, you know, get no achilles no a c that's not gonna happen to me. That happened to other people. And so it's hard to like, man, look, God got me and he does. Yeah. But at the end of the day that the thing is is that I'm looking at at, we know more now, Ocho they know more now. Doctors know more. The players know more now than they did in the sixties, seventies, eighties, nineties, even the two thousands. And you know what Ocho 10, 15 years from now, they'll know even more. Yeah. It's amazing how far medicine and science has come. That's just in the last 10 years.


I mean, when they used to do hip surgery, they used to cut the glute, they used to cut the muscle. Now all they do is just move it to the side. Yeah. They come in through the front. They don't go in through the back no more. That's how far the advancement, the, the types of material that they use last longer. Sturdier. Hey, and and speaking of, I'm, I just, I just wanna throw this little tad bit out there real quick. Since I heard you say medicine and And, we science and science and you know, can I honestly say I think there's a cure for everything. Can I, can I say that? Is it okay for me to, to say that Ain't no money in the cure. The money is in the treatment And the research. Okay. I just wanna make sure we on the same page.


So I'm gonna close. Yeah. I'm, I just wanna make sure Why the hell would I cure you? I want you, I want you to be reoccurring. I want you to keep coming back. I don't wanna clear no high blood pressure. I don't wanna cure. No, no. I wanna care that Come on man. Come on now. I just wanna make sure we on the same page now so I can close my book And he's gonna learn ocho some of the throw a lot of the throws that he got away with in college. You can't get away with 'em in the NFL. They'll make you pay for 'em. And another thing when you're heading to the sideline, you know how like college guys will pull up and let you run on out of bounds? Yeah. They're not gonna do that in NFL because they want an accumulation of licks. They want that to add up.


So the first quarter you might pop right up like that didn't hurt the second quarter. Yeah, we feeling good, but they keep putting enough of them on you on the third and the fourth quarter. And over the course of the season they're gonna add up Caleb. Yep. You gotta run. Like when you make a detour, like you going out of bounds, Ocho run four five and get on up out bounds because they're playing. They going, if they get that, they get that close to your OCHO because you don't have the protection of the pocket. You gonna run or you are a running back, they gonna play wood on you. Ocho what'd you take from this ball game? Listen, I I enjoyed the ball game. Listen, Caleb Williams, what he has to do, he has to learn to protect the ball, learn to protect the ball, learn to live to see another play. Some of those deep throws. Listen, I like what he is able to do as far as his escap ability.


Oh you, you know, being able to extend plays, trying to make plays down the field to try to get his team into the game. But you can't, you, you can, you can't do it. You can't do it. Obviously like college sometimes some of those receivers were wide open when you are able to, to dodge the d tackles and the d tackles and the guards. That might've, that might've gotten through. But you know, these players, these players are coverage. Sometime you throw in the, in the, in the double coverage sometimes you, you, you throwing weight. He had one one throw unc he threw weight across his body from the right hash All the way, all the way back across the field and got picked. Yep. Oh Man, listen, nah, it it, it is not, it is not gonna work sometime listen, just throw the ball away and live to see another down.


Yeah. I mean other, other than that. Listen, they they pressured him. They, they pressured him a lot. You know, they, they fooled him with, with some of the coverages and other, other than that, I mean it was a good game. It was good. I actually enjoyed the game because towards the end the bears actually had a chance to come back to win. It got real interesting. Yeah, it got very interesting. It's funny how that always works. You know, that you ever, you ever noticed that? I do. Because the thing is, it seemed like they, the Texan was going in to put the game away. Cam Baker fumbled the ball ball. They gonna go touchdown ocho, they're about to go up two scores they're about to put together game away. And that's what you have to guard against. Because if you think about a Ocho, more teams lose games than teams win games.


Yes sir. There's more, a lot more losing than winning. Now we know at the end of the day, they're gonna have to have, somebody's gonna have to win and unless the game ends of the tie. Right. But you go back and look, you look at it like, okay this was a direct correlation to why we lost the game. And you know, like you said, Caleb Williams, I think he's, he, he has a great, he, his escap ability is unbelievable. He can make every throw. He just has to understand this isn't college. Everybody, everybody at this level is elite. Even if there, you know, there's tears to it. But you're talking about the best of the best. You only got 1600 men in the world of 8 billion people that do what you do. Yeah.


1600 of 8 billion. That's a very, very minute percent of men that can play this game at the highest level. Ocho What happened? The Saints scored touchdowns on six straight possession Boy. And to be and on their way to a 44 19 blowout over the Cowboys. The Saints offense has scored 91 points in two games through three quarter. The Saints average nine point, almost a little less than 10 yards per play. 35 points allowed are the most as tied for the most given up through the first two quarters. They tied us. 'cause we put 35 on the ass in 98. Had to have last year the Cowboys alive 35 points in just one game.


Carl was hardly touched. Neither was oh man, who scored four touchdowns. I tried to prepare you for this ocho. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I just, I told you, I said Ocho I'm gonna let you go. But I wanna say this, we, we talk about the Cowboys. We'll start with the defense. I said, look, I wasn't really that impressed with the Cowboys offense last week. I said they got a punt return and they got, you know, a, a couple of turnover to put 'em on short fields. I say the defense looked really good, but I say I would really like to see them if they had the starting tackles in there. Mm. I said, because what happens if you, if if, if you can hold up Michael, I guess we got our answer. Yeah. I did not hear Michael Parson's name called.


I did not hear d law name called. When you go in ancho, do you know how hard it is? Do I want you to explain to the fans, 'cause I'm gonna let you take it over and I'm gonna follow up after you. Can you explain to the fans how difficult it is our listeners, our viewing and, and our and our listeners that's gonna listen to this on audio. Can you explain to them how difficult it is to score six touchdowns on six straight possessions in an NFL game? Wait, Hold on. Forget the NFL game. Do you know how difficult it is to score six touchdowns on six possessions in Madden in a video, in a video game? If you plan someone, that's good. It's very difficult. So the fact that this is Derek Carr, this is the same Derek Carr that the Raiders let go, right?


Yeah. It's that's the same Derek Carr right. Look completely different today. Rasheed Shaheed is is, is that how you say, say his name. Rasheed Shahi. Chris Olave. And they got damn Alvin Camaro. They look like a completely different saint team today. I don't know. And I'm, I don't wanna butcher anybody's name. Whoever the right tackle and the left tackle are for the New Orleans Saints deserve, deserve a pay raise. Oh they did on Them. There wasn't no, no, no stunt, no nothing. They barely got the goddamn Derek card and was able to pressure him. Tyson Hill, Swiss Army knife. He coming out the back field.


He had quarterback doing quarterback sneaks. I mean everything worked today. Everything worked. If I'm not mistaken, the Saints didn't punt. I could be wrong. Nine minutes in the third, fourth Quarter, nine minutes. But the third or fourth quarter, Fourth Nine minutes into the fourth quarter, that's, I mean, it's, it is, I'm sure it's happened before, but come on man. I don't, I didn't expect it to happen to the Cowboys again. One thing that the Cowboys always do, they have a game like this. Maybe not them allowing a team to score 35, but they've gone 12 and five the last what, three years in a row?


Yes. So this is, this is one game down. I I'm assuming knowing them and the way they bounce back after a loss, they gonna look completely different next week and everybody gonna be back happy. They couldn't stop. Look, Derek Carr was 11 or 16. 2 43 2 touchdown a pick a sack. He had a 99 99 QBR Alvin Camaro has some of the best balance I've ever seen. Oh yeah. Hey, I mean you think you got it Wrap up, you better wrap all the way up. He is phenomenal. Yeah. Playing through contact 20 rushes 1 15 3 touchdowns.


They had 4 39 carriers. A buck 90. I-I-I-I-I just don't know. I don't know what, I don't know what that was today because the Saints did whatever they wanted. Yeah. They got whatever they wanted and as much of it as they wanted. That's embarrassing. Yeah, that's embarrassing. Do y'all, I mean that's the Cowboys defense should be, look D didn't play well and this is not all on Dak and people are like, well she you think that's all Dak fault? No, no, no. But you are allowed to match what the opposing offense when guess what? When the same score they're like, when they kick it off, Dak is allowed to go score Now. Yeah. And you know what? That's the type of game I thought it was gonna be at the beginning.


That's the type of game I thought it was going to be. I thought, you know what I say Man, boy, this, this is looking to be, it's gonna be a shootout. The same score. Yeah, the cowboy score. Okay. The same score. Okay. The cowboy score score. I was expecting, you know, both teams to put up 40, 42, 35. I that's what I thought it was gonna look like. Turnover, interception. And then they cap, they they were capitalizing on those turnovers. Oh they, they put, they ain't kick no field goal. They scoring touchdowns. Touchdowns. Now if my Bengals could have done that today. Yeah. Shit. But the Cowboys need another receiver.


All they got is cd and you see when they started doubling cd, you see how difficult life got with that? Yeah. Yeah. But you know what I like, you know what I like about what the Cowboys do with CD lamb, they move him all around and three by one they'll put him at the three and three by one. They'll put him at the two. Sometimes he'd be on the outside. Sometimes he'll be on the opposite side as as as the X. So I like, even though they, they try to double him, they move him around so much. It makes it difficult. If you think about it though, Ocho, after he got that long touchdown run, that was it. He only caught one more pass. Yeah. Yeah. I, I hate, I hate, I hate when that happens. I, I hate when that happens because You, you think you about to have a bomb baby day. Hey, I already gotta be a long tub.


I done gotta be about 90. I done gotta be a 90. It is the first, it's the first quarter. Yeah. I'm like, and yeah, I'm, I'm 80 up in my head. O okay, that's buck 50. That's at least 1 50, 180 2 dubs at the least. And the fact that you just said that, I don't know if we getting get into the Kylie Murray game today. Remember what I said about Marvin Harrison Jr. Yesterday? Yeah. Last night show. I said he is going to go off and just the, the way the NFL works just, I, I don't know how to explain it, but he went crazy in the, in the, in the first quarter and I sent out the tweet. Yes. I sent out a tweet and said, I guarantee you, even though he's on fire like an NBA jam character, they gonna stop going to him.


And lo and behold, I think the stat line might've been the same at the end of the damn game. It was, he only had, I think he had got another target and that was it. They do it every time. I I will never be able to understand why it works like that or, or just they just run the offense. And I guess if a defense says, you know what, the rest of the game we taking Marvin Harrison Jr. Out the game, the the offense a coordinator allows the team to do just that. I hate when they allow team to dictate where you go with the ball. I hate it. Force your goddamn damn will some time. They got a, this is embarrassing though, Ocho you can't, you can't get beat like this man.


Hold on. It's only week two. Is it really embarrassing to lose Yes. Like this? Yes. Two as opposed to 10 games. 11 games in 12 games in Ocho to get ocho you allowed a team to go six for six touchdowns. You said it's hard to do on math. Oh yeah. It, it is hard to do in the video game. Well they just did it on the game basically. You playing a quality opponent. It's, it's hard. That's what you told me the cowboys were. I Said that. Yeah. Nah, I said, I said cowboy. Yeah, you had a jacket. Oh my boy had to. Yeah we got d that my boy Now, now they, they, Y'all must have got separated at birth somehow y'all lost contact.


Hey they, they gonna be all right. You know you gonna have you going, you know what, this is the good thing though. You know it's really not. Sometime this can be a blessing in disguise when they say it's a game of inches. This is what they talk about. Not only is the game of inches, there are one, two, maybe three plays out of what the 65 or maybe 70 year run. One, two, maybe three plays that make the difference in the game. Yeah. I guarantee if we had to, if we would've had the time to break down this film in somewhat of a PowerPoint presentation style to the chat, we can show you the one or two or three plays that made the difference in this game on why they were able to come back and win game.


I mean they ran the, they ran the ball Well Derrick Henry eight 18 for 84, Lamar five for 45, he four for 42. So 24 27 rushes 1 51 Za Flowers, seven for 91. Mark Andrews four for 51 Bateman had three for 40, likely two for 26. Lamar was 21 of 34, 2 47 1 touchdown, one IT missed a couple of throws. He'd like to have back two sack 15 yards. Yeah. But with Lamar Jackson, MVP as my quarterback and Derrick here is my running back. I should be able to hold a tail point lead with 12 minutes to go in the fourth. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. But I, first of all, I got to be, I've got to be able to hold that ocho, I've Gotta it You know what, it also comes down to the play calling as well.


No Ocho we're not gonna do that. Oh no. Okay, okay, okay. We not see, there you go. See what you did. What, so lemme ask you a question. When they win the game, you don't say nothing about play calling. You say that's what players do, they make plays. Right. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. I understand what you're saying. I'm just saying you know, when it comes. Okay. What would you like, okay, lemme tell you. I'm gonna take your, your argument. Yeah. What would you have liked to see them do more or less, More or less of in in, in that instance? What Would you have liked to see them do more of? And then what would you have liked to see them do less of? I think, I think they should have run the ball a little bit more. Run the ball a little bit more. It, It is rare that you see them. Normally they have more pass, especially because they got to leave bingo to have more passing attempts than rushing attempts.


Bingo. You But John Harbaugh said, Listen, you brought Derrick Henry in for a reason. But he said, he said they did not bring Derrick Henry there to give him 30 touches. Again, That's a goddamn lie. And and the rep that you didn't bring Say what he, what he said, Okay. He said that and you lost the day up 10 and, and and up 10 with 12 minutes to go on the fourth is the fact that's when you're supposed to use your Derrick Henry to his advantage and you don't do it. Yes. You try to do something that's really not the way your offense is built. You not built to throw the ball goddamn 50 times the game. That's not the type of offense Baltimore is.


No. Now can they, I'm surprised they got that many throws. Can Lamar throw the ball you got Damn right. Yes, but just to drop back. First down, second down, third down. No, that's not, that's not the Ravens. I'm surprised. Don't you considering when you go back and look at it. No, what's Hold on, look for something right quick. What it is, Considering the time of possession wasn't that they ended up losing the TTOP by about over a minute.


But when you look at it that you had a 10 point, that you had a 10 point lead in the four and to have more pass attempts, the Russia attempts, that's not normally the Raven's recipe for success. It's normally the other way around. Yeah. More rush. You can see them having 35, 40 rush attempts and then they'll have 20 to 25 pass attempts. But they threw the ball a lot today. Which is surprising. Maybe they saw something, you know, you know, maybe they saw like, hey, their, their corners of the safety. Yeah. We feel that we could hold up against Max Crosby gonna wreck some stuff Every time.


Every time. And I, I mean I don't really, The the Raider steel play man to man, man to man safety to man steel cover three, cover four. We, we ain't, this is what we running, we not changing, we not bluffing, we not doing nothing exotic defensively line up and play. That's the only, that's the only reason I can think of them just throwing the ball so much and going away from the run. 'cause there's a safety down in the box. I mean, I like Lamar only had five rushes. I, I'm, I'm okay with that. But those, those, 'cause last week, I think he had like 10, 11, 12 rushes last week. Maybe had like 14, 15.


Yeah. Give Derrick Henry another six or seven carries. So you didn't bring him there for, you didn't bring him there for 30. Give him 22 to 25.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown. Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, Most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Mayer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay The Real, find the one again and again, the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about One of a kind street where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course, your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet. On eBay, you'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course, the cherry on top, A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag And the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion, eBay things people love.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champion's League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man, city Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Aventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament is Champions, playing Champions, and here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today


With dozens of streaming services, box office films and content to choose from. People are spending over two and a half years of their lives searching for what to watch. But the Hollywood Reporter brings you THR charts one place for you, your family and friends. To find the most watched TV shows and movies every week. THR Charts is a guide to help you spend less time scrolling through platforms so that you can spend more time watching and binging the content everyone is talking about. All supported by data and trusted sources like Nielsen comScore and Paired Analytics. Check out t HHR charts on hollywood reporter.com.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Ocho ocho ocho.


Yeah. What happened Happened. Patriot's owner, Robert Kraft is pissed off. The Cowboys owner Jerry Jones in the Hall of Fame, and he's not Kraft. Hey, who was still yet to be enshrined in? Caden reacted to Jones induction in 2017 with anger and confusion. This is due to his belief that it meant Jones was begin being given credit over him for the NFL's explosion into the multi-billion dollar empire at the time. Jones induction Kraft reportedly told a friend he hasn't been to an NFC title game in two decades and he gets in. How does that work? Oh, they beefing the billionaires beefing.


I like that. I like that. But listen, I understand where Mr. Kraft is coming from. It has been, it has been two decades, hasn't it? The most recent 28 years. Seven times. Is it seven? Is it seven times? How many? Seven times. Super Bowl champion. Who? The Patriots. Mr. Krab. Six. Yeah. Six. Six. Yeah. Tom has seven, but he got another one with Tampa, so it's six. Okay. That's right. That's right. That's right. Tommy. Go. I mean, listen, if anyone should be enshrined in that hall of Fame, but what they've done to turn that program, excuse me, that franchise around it should be Mr. gr. Yeah, because Jerry is still living on what was done in the past. Long, long time ago. Yeah. Long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long time ago and Right, right.


So it is the Cowboys, the store on the helmet does sell itself as opposed to, you know, the red, white and blue down there, down there in Foxborough. But It happens. I mean pe you know the thing is OCHO and people are like, well, I, I don't know what, yeah, it happens. I mean I know guys that that when some guys get in and they don't, they're like, bro, I went to this many pro bowls, I this many first team all pro, I did this X, Y, and Z. How such and such, like bro, I, hell, I ain't vote, but I get it. I'm gonna hear your, I'm want to hear your, I'm gonna let you vent and, and this is what I always tell. This is what I tell people when they want you to get in, ain't nothing you've done can keep you out.


Yeah. When they don't, nah, not at all. They'll change the rules to keep your ass out. Yeah. And I'm gonna leave it at that most because I still want my brother to get in, so I ain't gonna say too much, but I just be, but y'all know, y'all know, y'all know to, should have been a first ball man. Got the what? The third He got the third, the third most touchdown catches probably like the third most yards. He's three men have ever been First team All pro on three different teams. Three, two of 'em were first ballot, hall of Famers, Ted Hendricks, stork primetime, and Tara Lloyd, three men in the history of the NFL in the history.


The NFL been playing football since 1920. The real deal. And y'all say no, no, that's The game man. Politics, baby politics. I think that look and look, everything everybody says they're gonna use, you know the situation, I think the, yeah, I hate him bringing it up, but people like, okay, what transpired at the, you know, the video evidence sold and he went in there X, Y, and Z and then they say, well hold on, you was the owner of one of the biggest cha scandals in NFL history. Right.


People was like, well if you don't, if you didn't know, you should have known. I don't believe he knew Coach Belichick ain't sharing that information. Ain't nobody knew, but Coach Belichick and them damn coaches Because That's why, guess what happened when one of them left and went to the team that I played for, he brought that same bull job there, right. And Mr. B got, if you know what up outta there, they took that over to London. Right. And they caught him and Mr. B said, oh no. Oh no, there ain't no second chance. Say, hey, we sorry, apologize. No, you got to go. Got got to go. Dang. So that's who knew about it. And you know, if you remember he tried to do it to the jazz Eric Manini.


He said, he say, Hey Phil, you know that thing you do, I'm keep my mouth shut. Just don't do it to me. Right Ocho, me and you, me and you used to rob banks. I said, but Ocho, you know what Ocho, I'm going straight. As a matter of fact, Ocho, I'm invest my money. I got me a bank Now I know you Rob, I know you Rob Banks Ocho, but just don't hit your boy. Don't, don't Rob, guess what you say. I'm gonna hit your, Hey, I'm gonna hit your, your stuff on Friday at noon. Oh no. Okay, you are. Hey, guess what? We'll have a bank robbery at noon on Friday. He gonna be driving a such and such. He gonna be wearing this. What you want me to do? I was gonna keep my mind. You mean to tell me you that cavalier that I said I will, I'm going to keep my mouth shut.


You continue to do what you do. Just don't do it to me. Right man. What? Hey, oh Joe, that man say later for you, I gonna do it to you. Okay? Because think about it. If Coach Manini don't tell, they're not stopping name the person that stops something, just say, you know what? I've had a John Q moment, I've had a change of heart. I don't wanna do this no more. I know it's wrong. So I'm just stopping out of the kindness because that's the type of person that I am. It don't stop.


You feel more and more emboldened to do it because Right. Oh no. So yeah, it's tough because I like, I like Mr. Kraft. I don't know how much time you spend around him when you was there, but he Yeah, he cool, cool. He real cool, real cool. He's always, he goes out of his way anytime he sees me and you know, I'm, you know, I'm talking, he always touch me, Hey, I love what you're doing. I can tell you study, I can tell you do your homework. You're great. I really appreciate it. I know your parents, your grandma is really proud of you. He's always giving me my flowers even. And he is like, Hey, he said, I understand you got a job to do. And he is like, you do a damn good job too.


So he, he, he give you, he'd give you his credit. So I've always, you know, and for the most part, Ocho all the owners, when I, when I, I'm, I've been in, you know, at the Super Bowl and, and go to their functions. They, they, they, they, you know, hey, they know I got a job. They do. I, I don't, I don't really know you well enough personally to attack you personally. I'm talking about your team and it just so happens you own that team. So you know what you're kinda like collateral damage, you know, you know what I'm saying? Hey, because that's how you know with your family, Hey, you talking about my brother, you talking about me? That's my brother. What the hell you think I'm supposed to do? Like, be happy with you. Even if you telling the truth, I still ain't gonna like it. So Yeah, I, I get it.


But I mean, come on, put the man, I mean, what, what else can he do? He's on the committee. Yeah, no choice. He's on the, on the TV committee. The man won six Super Bowls. The man, they went, they went, I I, I get it. But even, even after the, even after, let's just say for the sake of argument, you say, you know what, right? You got the, you won those three, you won the first three doing that. Hell, they won three more offense, right? What, what, what that, what that tell you? And they, and they went to, and they went to what? They went to five. They won three. Damn, no. Hell no. Hell, lemme take that back. They went to, no, they won three. They lost three because they lost to the Giants twice and they lost to Philly.


Yeah, but they won three. Yeah. The Nick Foes, the Nick the Nick Foes play. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I, I do think, I, I think I do think Mr. Kraft is very, very deserving of being put placed into the, the football hall of Fame Adrian Peterson, who earned more than a hundred million dollars during his 15 year NFL career. He now faces a debt in excess of 12 million and he's been ordered to turn over his assets to pay for it. According to the USA today, a Houston judge has ordered AP to surrender property to satisfy the debt. Constable have been ordered to seize assets from his home.


A court appointed receiver has accused Peterson of playing a shell game in order to avoid payment. Ocho ocho man AP bro, you made a hundred million and then he borrowed, I think he borrowed like 5 million in like two years. The interest. So when you borrowed money like that, you gotta play like 20, 25% interest ojo. So it went from 5 million to like 8 million in three years. It might be 50% interest o ojo.


But then you throw a birthday party and you fly everybody, I wish I might have a birthday party and I fly y'all in to come to my party. Where they do that at? He got camels, he got tigers. Dude thought he was target for real. Man. That's, listen, I, you, you know how I am, the Chad know hell, the goddamn world know how I am when it come to finances. And I, I don't play that. I I I don't play that. Listen, him being in this situation is very unfortunate. I I, I, I wish him well and, and hoping everything turns out in his favor.


I'm not sure how this works. Nigga Out in his favor, he owe 12 million. I mean, And for the looks of it, he ain't got it. Yeah, I hope so. I I hope he does. I hope he has some, I hope he has some. How you take out a loan to throw yourself a birthday party, you better get, Hey, you better go down there and get a, a about five or six dozen crabs and some shrimp and say, here you go. Who takes out a loan to throw themself a birthday party? Unless you are what? Trying to impress the party goers. I don't know. That's crazy man.


A hundred. Damn. Damn man. Man, Ocho, how you, how ocho you throw a birthday party and you bring in what he fly in 300 pe 300 guests? He flew in 300 guests, I don't know, 300 people and I'm 56, I don't know 300 people. And I damn sure don't know enough of people to, to fly their ass to a my event. Right. Man, you think I, you think I know 300 buckets or 300 burns? Hell no. That's messed, that's messed up man.


He flew in 320 people Ocho check this out, don't you? Yeah, But guess how he flew him? First Class? First class. Oh, oh. Is is there, is there any way, oh, can you just file bankruptcy? Hey, you the, so no, if you ain't got no money, it's hard to file bankruptcy. You ain't got no money because guess what? Your credit gonna be shot. So what you gonna put up, right? What you gonna put up col for collateral? Damn. I don't, Damn. I mean like the more, the more people used to say, Hey, can we get this?


The more women used to say what? I'm gonna get it with ass and mouth. We ain't got no money. What am gonna pay with it for? What am I gonna pay with it? What am what what am I going to pay to get what you're asking for? Right? So if he doesn't have, the thing is, the best thing to have if you don't have money is to have great credit. You can have f up credit if you got money. You see how that works? Yeah. Boy. And the people don't care. A and think about it, anytime you try to buy something, what they gonna do? They gonna pull them. Credit scores. Credit scores, Equifax, Imperion, what's the other one? Experian. So at, at that, at this point in general, They got three of them.


Now some might be a little higher than the other one, but I feel very good. Mine all start with an eight. I ain't gonna tell you what else they got, you know what comes after that. But I feel very comfortable. All three of mine start with an eight. Right? But, okay, but I, but I, I, I got a little bit of money. I ain't saying I'm the richest man in the world, but I got great credit and I do have a little cash little, but I, I'm, I'm not, I'm not doing anything to impress anybody. I'm not buying no, no $10 million home. I'm not buying no no million dollar car. I'm not buying, flying people in. Oh, oh y'all, I used to have a party in, in, in Glenville. Must, Hey, y'all could drive in.


Hey you welcome to come. You ain't gotta bring nothing. I got all the alcohol. I got a hundred pound of crab leg, a hundred pound of shrimp. We got like a hundred, you know, 200 hot dogs, 200 hamburgers, all the look, hey have at it. But to get there the best way you can, preferably, I prefer you to walk 'cause you're gonna be drunk by the time you leave. And I don't want nobody to have no accident. Knock on wood. Thank God we watch it over. Nobody got no DUI, nobody got hard. Right? But I ain't pressing nobody man, man. Who y'all know I got money. I'm playing NFL, I'm the highest paid X, Y, and Z, but I'm not fitting to impress nobody. Yeah, A theme, a theme birthday party, blue jeans, t-shirt, shorts, flip flops, sand, whatever.


That's the theme. Two, I don't even celebrate my birthday. I, I just say, I say save me a little prayer. I'm glad to see, glad to see another year. Yes. Gimme A call, gimme a little Starbucks, gimme me a cigar man. And kick my feet up. That's just another, that's How I just feel. I just feel bad Ocho that people come in and, I mean, some people never seen, some people will never see a million dollars in their lifetime. And I get it when they say, when you say he made over a hundred million, you figure Uncle Sam, I'm gonna take 50% of that. So that's 50 million. Let's just say Ocho, I throw 25 million. I just throw 25. You still gotta have 25 left. Even, even if, even after your agent take his cut back, then they take what, three, 4%?


I don't know, five if they paying for everything. Nah. And people like, oh kid, kids don't. Listen, here's the thing. Yes, my grand used to say, my grandfather told my brother and I, we were young. He say, the worst kind of poor you can be is child poor. Don't let that go over your head. People. That's a 18 year expense that's damn near as long as your mortgage. Now just imagine your mortgage, you got one because there ain't a people, there ain't, there ain't very many people that have seven mortgages. So you start having 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 kids.


Okay? And they're not by one. Guess what Ocho that's 18 years. I know. I done done the math. Oh shit. I, I done done it too plenty of times. Okay? So you know what that mean? That's why, that's why Shannon, you ain't with him no vacation. Hell nah. My vacation was right there. That, that, that was my vacation right there. The. Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Mayers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar may fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy


With dozens of streaming services, box office films and content to choose from. People are spending over two and a half years of their live searching for what to watch. But the Hollywood Reporter brings you THR charts one place for you, your family and friends. To find the most watched TV shows and movies every week. THR Charts is a guide to help you spend less time scrolling through platforms so that you can spend more time watching and binging the content everyone is talking about. All supported by data and trusted sources like Nielsen comScore and Paired Analytics. Check out THR charts on hollywood reporter.com.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus. Head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today available feature, Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.