
This is an iHeart podcast. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures, and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen To good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family. An incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging, written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs, coach Delan McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold.


Zack Lowe wants the NBA finals to return to the 2, 3, 2 format. No, what you think Joe? What you think, Brad? Nah, I I that's a tough one, man. Look, because if you go in there and win on somebody home court, just like Indiana did in game one and, and, and you got three games at home, man, a lot of teams ain't coming back from that, huh? Right. They did that because they used to fly commercial, so they wanted to make sure it was, it was so not everybody got their own private plane. So you get two games, you just stay there, you stay there in the city, blah, blah, blah. And then when you pack it up, you come on back. But now with everybody got their own flight bread and Joe, well, I mean, why two? One does he, why does he want that?


That doesn't make no sense to me. Because if you are, if you won all these games, you put yourself on the line, you put yourself in a position when you want those first two games at home. Yeah. That went other places home and then the, it's back and forth. I I'm not feeling that I'm not, because as you said, what during the eighties, it was hard because we had to fly a commercial. We had to go from LA to Boston Plant the Lakers at that time. I remember Jack Nicholson being in first class whips and You know, we just kind of hanging out, having a good time. But them flights were difficult, man. They, they, they, they, they were Joe, they didn't willing to give you no damn food. I mean, sitting up there and on top of that, you have people damn smoking cigarettes right beside you.


So don't, don't take Shannon. You don't learn nothing about that. You, you won. No, no, but I I I've heard that you got that regular people Well, we'll regular people on your flight, but wasn't it praise? Yes. Sit beside you. Sit right beside you. Yeah. Hey. And asking you asking. Yes. Yeah, because we were going to the airport. We'll come to the airport with no security. Here was security right here. These things, right. That you run up on somebody out there, but no security, none, all this other stuff. No. Being protected by the NBA. No, it was a different league then. And you had to protect yourself. You had to be more of an adult. You had to really focus on what you did because I'm telling you what the, the, the eighties, the women in the eighties, woo.


They were presidents. Man. It, oh, I'm sorry. I I'm sorry. My bad. Good. We had breaking news today. Kevin Durant have been traded to the Rockets. The sons traded KD to the Rockets for Jalen Green. Dylan Brooks, the number 10 pick in the 2025 draft, five second round picks KD was at Fanatics Fest. When someone captured the moment when KD and if Agent Rich Kle found out, let's take a look at this video, guys. So I'm not surpri I'm not surprised by this. There's only a handful of teams that had maybe the, some players in the pick the compensation.


The sons messed this up. Look, I like Matt Ishma. I met him several times. He's a great guy. But he gave up too much to get Kevin Durant and he was never gonna reciprocate that because he's two years older than when you got him. So now you're not gonna be able what you gave up to get him, you're not gonna be able to get that back. That we know you want him gone. He knows you want him gone and everybody else knows you want him gone. And so OCHO plus Miami, they turned down Miami's package because I told you they didn't have enough to give, they didn't have anything High Harvey. High Smith. What? Hey, You know, I I have a question though. Some, some of you just said, some, some of you just said, right?


We Yes. Kevin Durant. Yes. One of the prolific scores of all time. You said Isma did too much to get him, gave up too much to get him. Yes. But because the player he is, that's why he did what he had to do to actually get a player that, that magnitude. Now the reason you got him was you hope what you put and invested into him, you hope it turned out and came to fruition. It just didn't. And normally when you buy a car, when you buy a car off the car lot, right? And as soon as you drive it off, what does it do? It depreciate. Well see, you understand when you get a player that magnitude, as great as he is, as great as he is in and he's older now, you still not gonna get back what you bought for him. Yeah. But, but I think the thing is Ocho is that when you look at what you look, okay, you got KD in book, did you really need Bradley bill?


Did you need Bradley bill or do I need to secure my, do I need to get depth for my bench? So now I take trade more draft capital and give up more players. So now they don't have a first round pick until 2031. You don't realize it's 2025. Right? Well, well, and that's why I think it's a good trade for Phoenix stuff. If you're talking about Phoenix is gonna be able to do some of these things and possibly get a pick and all this again, Kevin Durant to me goes there I think instantly to me, he makes them more viable when I think about having to score with them young, them young bulls, he got there. I don't, I I I give, I make that trade all back.


I I love, I I like him better and I like him better in Houston than I did in, than in, than in Phoenix. Yeah, I agree. You're not, you're not. Because you got sh goon, you got Shung Goon, you got Almond Thompson, you resigned Van Fleet, you a, you were able to keep Jabari Smith Jr. So now, and plus the problem that Houston had, they had the second best record in the, in the, in the West 52 wins. But they didn't have a guy that you can give the ball to late in the ball game and go get you a bucket. You now have that. Yeah. How long, how long, how long ago, Joe? I know, I know you, I, so Joe, I I look getting to be about 36, 37. He 37 7. You're telling me you're gonna let, and I love kd, but you're, you're putting him in a position where you're going to have him carry your team late to go get buckets.


I think I I think he's gonna to be, I think he's naturally going to do that late in games. I I, I love the fact that he's with a bunch of young cats, like some, some grimy young cats who gonna work hard, play hard and he ain't gonna have to, I don't think he gonna have to do a lot of heavy lifting guys. They got some guys who can play over there, You know what I mean? They got some guys who gonna come into their own. Obviously they gonna play through Shang Go and Unc, like you said, I'm glad they kept Jabari Smith another tall, long, long guy who can shoot the ball, who can post up, who can play multiple positions and led by V Van Flea. I think they have a great team over there and I think KD can put 'em over the hump. I don't think it's gonna be rigorous on 'em as far as You know, him trying to carry that team.


I think collectively they gonna do a great job. Now, naturally he's gonna be the cream of the crop when it comes to scoring and basketball. 'cause he does it so well and it comes so easy to him. I mean, and plus you got three guys, six Chad better. You got six 11, you got six 11 kd, you got six 11 Shing go. You got six 10 Jabari Parker, you got Ammond Thompson at six seven. You got Van Fleet that can run the, I I like this. I like, I like, like I said, I like KD here more than I liked him in Phoenix because all you had was offense. They didn't have rebounding, they didn't have REM protecting. They didn't, they didn't have great depth because think about what you gave up to get it, you gave up your best defender in Mikhail Bridges.


You gave up a young Cam Johnson, you gave up what, three first round draft picks. That's an awful lot to give up for a guy. And now, and now you go trade for Bradley Bill, which weakens you even more as far as draft compensation and depth for your bench. These teams that played in the NBA finals, what do they have? Yeah, depth. Depth. Now they might not be as good as the big three for Phoenix, but Phoenix had once you got, once you got Book and Katie outta the game Now. Hey, look, my question is what, what is, what is Phoenix gonna look like with Devin Booker, Jalen Green and Bradley Bill? I I mean them three are pretty much are the same guy. You know what I mean?


I said that when they got, I said that when they got killed. Why, why Job watch out Joe. One of the things could happen, and I've been hearing this, that there might be a possibility of Boston making moves. What's gonna happen? Are you gonna keep Ingas here? You have a big hole over there in in in Phoenix right now. Can you go out and get one of those guys or Boston and make and get that pick or wanna give that pick up? Or maybe Poring is to put him in that position. You know, Joe, that once you get traded to a team doesn't necessarily mean you need to stop cha You know, the, your bags don't need to be unpacked. You need to keep back back because you might be moving on in the new NBA.


Yeah, right? Yeah. Rocket fans don't seem to be happy with the KD Trade one tweeted, it happened today was my last day as a Rocket fan. I wish the worst and the absolute worst on this franchise. Trading a 23-year-old superstar for a wash 40-year-old. And genuinely the worst thing you could ever do. I hope KD retires next season and that the franchise completely crumbles. Damn kd. KD also spoke to Kay Adams today and said Phoenix wanted him gone. Let's take a listen to what Katie had to say. Last one for you. A lot of heartbroken Suns fans right now. What would you like to say?


That's not true? No. Literally heartbroken Suns span right over there. What? I just, I just felt like yeah, that mean they wanted me to go. So it's like glad we both, You know, they got what they wanted. You know what I wanted so we can move on and good luck to them going forward. And I always remember my time there, but we on something else. Hey, I, I don't see nothing wrong with what he said because it wasn't, it wasn't him who came to them asking and looking for a trade. He found out they were trying to trade him. So as, as, as as athletes, we know when you, it's basically saying you don't, you don't want us, okay? It's somebody out there who will take me, it's somebody outside there who do want me.


And he was able to give him a few teams that he wanted to go play with. So give his son's credit for even trading him to Houston, Texas to Texas. 'cause that was one of the stops that he wanted to go. Yeah. What what He knew the sons, excuse me. The Rockets. The Spurs. No. Yeah, the Rockets, the Spurs. Brooklyn were really the only, the handful of team that had the draft capital to go get him. So he had no choice. I mean he, he couldn't go to Miami 'cause Miami don't have anything to offer for him. Yeah. Your two best players are untouchable. Tyler Hero and bam. And you see the package, Jaime Hawke Jr.


Hoch High Smith. They was like, absolutely not. Absolutely dude, dude, what did, what did we think then? Because they had to make that move. You know how bad they were offensively. Indeed. And the only person of them book that you gonna be anything poor on that team was K kd. So in, in his case, they had to make that move. They had to go out and say, dude, you, you, you can go on. And here's the, the the thing that me and Joe love about this, Joe, where'd they go? Oh, I know to a damn state that they ain't got no damn stadium contact. How about that? How about that? There was a back and forth Boogie Cousins a few days ago regarding the report.


The sons had multiple fist fights in the locker room. Kevin Durant says I have to contest this 94 footer, this some bull drive to throw on us. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We were trashed this year. Ha ha ha. But we never got close to this. Never. The Phoenix Sun re reportedly had multiple fist fights in the locker room. Her Boogie Cousins The Boogie says the source was one of your teammates. Killer. I ain't referencing you referring to you save that is for the other homies. Hey, anytime the hey, hey Joe Bread, anytime something like that get out, You know it always, it always come from, from one of the players. It always, yeah, it come from locker room always.


That's the only, that's the only time I hate when stuff, I hate when stuff like that happen too. Man. You know, I hate when, dude, I hope when dudes be chatty Patty, when something goes on in the locker room is supposed to stay right there. Supposed to stay right there. God gotta be pillow talking and okay if fist fight man, everybody fight. Who don't fight. It happens UNC in training camp. Did y'all fight in training camp? Yep. You know, I mean it, it happens all the time. Whatever happened in the locker room, it stayed in the locker room. No. If you didn't cap. If they didn't cap, no it doesn't. No it doesn't, Shannon. It doesn't stay up. No, I'm saying I didn't. I know, I know you didn't. But here's what happened. As you're saying right now it's pillow talk. You go tell your wife something, you go tell your girlfriend.


So You know how those stories go. You tell her, she tell somebody else and then it's all, it's gone in the woods. So a lot of times what we have in the NBA, our wives and girlfriends and, and now it's moms who get, who have a lot of shit going on because of they have, they have a lot of power now, Joe. It's not like back in the day, back in the day, girlfriends were quiet. They used say nothing about no damn basket. Talk about everything else, but not about basketball. Now they think they playing the damn game. Goddamn damn. I'm like, really? You, you don't play. I I didn't see you on the other side sitting doing anything.


I didn't reports say the sons will look to reroute Jalen Green to another team. I can see that. That makes sense. I Hey hold, I need a on. Huh? Hold on. I, I'm, I'm tripping. Now you trade KD for Jalen Green. Now you want to ship Jalen Green somewhere else. And then I see reports that they also about a buyout with Bradley Bill. What the hell going on? Because Ocho Bradley see Bradley, bill and LeBron are one of the two players, two players that have no traits. They have no, no trait. Yeah. So you can't move Bradley bill where he doesn't want to go. So the best thing is like, You know what, let's just go ahead and bite this bullet, get up off this and move in a different direction.


Yeah. So how would Bradley Bill look down here? Miami, since he is a prolific scorer, he is a scorer. He gonna get 80, 90% of his money. He can look good wherever he would choose to go. Come on aid. Let me, let me, let me, me holler. Let me, let me tell you man, they trying to get people in Miami. Hey, well listen, we, we can use a score like that now look at what he did on the Wizards and look what happened. It's too many people touching the got it. It don't take, it don't take nothing to be a good score on a bad team. Ooh, you talking about, you talking about No, I'm saying don't take anything Brent. You know this talking a bad team. It don't take much to be a topnotch score because who cares?


You getting your eyes beat out anyway. So don't know about that. That's, that's the one where they'll say, I, I said that one time to coach Petino. One time I was talking about Paul and I was talking about Antoine and that's when they were beating the all out of the Celtics. And I was, I was one of the reporters. I said, so Paul and Antoine, You know they got their numbers tonight coach. And he turned to me. I I was just embarrassed I've ever been. He said turned to me, he said numbers are to loose. I don't give a shit. What about them scoring No baskets all, so you're right in the NBA on a bad team you can look really good scoring the basketball 'cause you're the only thing to have. But when you plug that into a good team, the do you get wins or because of that and you can see what happened with Bradley Peel.


He leaves Washington and goes to everybody say, oh that they, they're they're gonna be in, they're gonna be in because it's in court. He goes now to Phoenix and he ain't shooting that way no more. He ain't, he ain't getting them. He ain't getting what you say Joe back in then he ain't getting touched like nah ain't gonna get down because you don't, you don't get to take all them bad shots. You don't get to come down and say You know what, I'm gonna get me 25, 30 shots a night no matter what on a good team with other good players. It's not like that. Especially when you have multiple good players on said teams. Now maybe if he goes, if it, it could be a situation like OKCJ Dubs and Shay gonna get the lion's share of the shots.


Like tonight Shay was eight or 27 J Dub was seven or 20. Now they got 47 of the 87 shots. Two guys took over half. Yeah the shots okay, but now you put Bradley Bill, you put it with KD in book Ain't enough bad shots to go around. Yeah they gonna be looking at you crazy. You come down taking bad shots. Some of the bad shots that you were able to take and get away with when you were with the the Wizards. Yeah, I agree. When you playing with other great players, man, you have to try to find a way to be efficient. I take y'all guys back to 2005, 2004 when I was playing with the Phoenix Sun and Nash was the MVP you had Matomy was a premier All star.


Sean Marion was a premier Allstar and as your fourth option, which was me, I wanted to be efficient. I shot, I shot 48% from the three. And every time I took a shot, I wanted to, I wanted to make it count 'cause I knew I wasn't gonna get many of them, You know what I mean? I wanted to pay possible. I did. I knew listen, I knew the ones that I did get bread, I had to be You get that you brother make it inefficient. You hear me? So I I I did what I had to do that year and I only got a chance to play on that, that with them guys. Well Nash for one year. And I thought we had a special, a special team, but unfortunately we got some new ownership that came in and You know, thought otherwise.


But Joe, that made it, that made it possible for you to go to another team though because you, 'cause you had highlighted what you were able to do on that particular team with not a lot of shots. And I think that that's why you were able to go someplace else and all of a sudden, You know, you get the Iso Joe thing. But look, it, it goes back to what UNC said and I got, when I got to Atlanta, my first couple years, I'm averaging 20, 25, 26 a game. But hell, that's if the cow, because we getting the nose bleed, beat up out. Hey Joe. Hey Joe. Hey, when you, when you was in Phoenix AM star Meyer was the fire? Yeah man, he was way before his time old Joe. The boy was so raw when he came. He came in straight outta high school.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. He came in, man, I'm talking about just running through cats. He was going through you and wasn't no around you. He was going through you. I'm talking about, I seen him go head to head with Tim Duncan, Kevin Garnet, Chris Weber. I'm talking about the Lees. Yeah, that boy was special man. He was special. Oh, that's, that's your partner. That's Lake. Well that's all you holler about is Lake, well Lake Florida, lake Wells, Florida and Lake. Well Florida. Yeah. That, that must be that. You mean Lakeland? Lakeland or Lake? I think because he always holler by him. Roy Jones, all this, all, all them.


Oh, I see, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, that that, that's right up the road. That's right at the road. Rachel. How how do all these athletes come out now? Florida? Oh, it's the water baby. It ain't nothing but the water. You know, listen, we, we produce 'em different down here. We pro we produce 'em different down here. Weather. The weather. Look, look at where the best, look at the best athletes. They come outta what warm weather? California. Yeah, Texas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana. Look, I mean, because you got, you got like ideal cli you got ideal climate and You know us, we like warm weather. We don't like the cold. You know, I, I like, we like hey we like warm weather and for the most part you can do a lot of things lot, a lot longer, right?


Yes. So You know, you get warm weather a lot longer and you don't get those, You know those, those long winters and short summers you get long summers. Yeah. Yeah. But if you go back, look at after look at the f look at basketball, let's just take basketball foot, especially football, it ain't even close. All the football players from the outside. California, Texas, Louisiana, Georgia, Florida, right. South County, stuff like that. But I think that's what it has to do. It has to do with, if you go back and look at it, look at where most of the athletes come from. Damn, I I was from North Carolina. I'm sorry, come on. You can look back y'all.


Y'all got a few, I guarantee you North Carolina might have the greatest basketball allotment of basketball players ever put together outside More than Chicago. Oh hell yeah. I'm taking j Jordan. Jordan, where's he from? He from where, where, where, where? Got a few. Well you, hey it used to be New York, You know you used to, used to be New York was the hard back in, you had to say early Dominique, Dominique was deep. Where's deep bro? North Carolina, buck Williams, Dominique James, worthy, we that Sleepy Floyd, David Thompson, sleepy Floyd. There's a, there's a ton of guys you ain't even talking about Bob McAdoo one of the greatest of all time. Yeah played he from Greensboro mean there was so many great players like, hey David Thompson, that people won't even talk about it anymore.


He was before George. He was, damn. I tell you what, I was guarding one time skywalk and I was swiveling and I was going back and forth and somebody said live and I'm, I'm guarding pretty good. And then I turned around and I looked, I tell you what, I can tell you what size shoe war because I damn Bob his damn feet Shannon. He won size 13 and that's all I saw. He get up a, according to s Sports Illustrated, Rob Alinka shouldn't see his, see his job as secure moving forward. The report says quote, either way Paulka shouldn't feel super secure in his position moving forward. He also shouldn't feel necessarily be looking over his shoulder.


He needs to have a good off season this summer though. All he gotta do, all he gotta do is do the same thing with listen. I'm sure he had, he had the rumblings. He know what you need. I'm sure LeBron has said it. I'm sure Lu said it. Get me a goddamn big so we can compete. That's it. Get me a fight. Who they gonna get? Fine the rest will take you. Who they gonna get? There's a trade proposal. Bailey Bassett sees the Lakers trade away. Austin Reeves for 2023 Defensive player of the year, triple J Jar and Jackie Jr. So the Grizzlies will receive Austin res Dalton Connect Maxie Cleaver for Jared. Hell no. You saying hell no, I'm not giving up Jerry Jackson.


Hell no. You as hell. Who? Jerry Jackson was a beast man. That dude was a beast. You, you think I'm giving them up for what, what this say them bag of nipples that you just talked about? What the hell you talking about Officer Reed? Sorry. Hey it, look, I know, I don't really know what what members are doing. I wasn't trying to stack the damn deck. Don't gimme that kind of crap man. Hey, if they, they get rid of Jan Jackson Jr. They definitely getting rid of Ja. That Ja is gone. Yeah. Why? I mean, if you get rid of him, that's your cornerstone. It's your corner piece. Your big man. You get rid of him. I mean I, I would always want to keep him and Ja together. So if you getting rid of him, then maybe Ja is on the move somewhere. Ja, wait a minute, do one more time.


Who did you say they were gonna give up? I I gotta give this now I need to write this down. Who'd you say? Officer Reeves with re Dr. Maxi Maxi Libber the 2031 first round out. One more white gal. Triple Gimme one more where what you get? That's all we got. I can keep going. Hey, hey friend. We just emp the roster. We just all, if you are, if you're that team, you cannot take an Allstar. The guys you just named, those aren't all stars. They're pretty good players, some of them. But Dalton Connect just, he just came here with a hot cup of coffee. I like what I like what you're talking about when you talk about Austin Reese, he's a, he's a pretty good player, but I'm a joke.


I'm not making that deal. Hell no. If you mi if you Memphis, you're not making it. But we don't know what Memphis got up they sleeve. Yeah. A hey it all depends on what if, what is Memphis trying to do? Because they just took, they just got for first round draft picks for Desmond Bain. Yeah. So are they looking to go back? Are they looking to rebuild start this thing all over? Are you're trying to say this is gonna let Paul de Saul? Is that what you're trying to say? Memphis is making another Laker. You I know you smile on your damn Facebook this, Hey, this was down. That's how they won that, that's how they won that championship with Kobe. Yeah, they, they, they stole one then by making that trade. So don't give me this crap about getting a great defender like that.


Who are bad the nipples. I'm sorry that doesn't work for me, but, but Brad, You know what Jeanie Bus and Rob Poka think of Austin Reeves, that's their diamond in the rough. They discovered him. He was an undrafted free agent and he's turned himself every year he's increased, he averaged 20 points a, a, a game this season. They think very, very highly of him. And they were very, they're very, very reluctant to put him in any trade. Come on. Excuse me. Unless it gives them a bonafide, a bonafide guy who is the, who is gonna give up a bonafide guy of Officer Re it's all right. I mean, I I'm not, I'm not down them saying he can't play, but I'm not giving all, I'm not giving the All star for Austin Res.


I can't do that. You, you gotta gimme a lot more than that. And then you well they give you a first they give you a first round pick and dog pick. That can ain. First round pick, bro. I can't go down like that. No, you gotta gimme some real players that are coming back to me. If I'm Memphis. I can't. If you, you, if you're Memphis right now, you're destroying your team. You're already doing the same with veins and you talking about Ja but you gotta keep one piece like that. And, and that Jackson dude is he he is, he's too valuable. Just give up for nothing. Bread. Bread. You know, uncle over there, he rubbing his hands like this here. 'cause he, yeah, if the makers get Jan Jackson Jr. Man that could, that could put 'em in elite company. He know that.


He know that. Oh, that's a, that's the only reason thing. We gotta show up real for that man. That's the only, that's the only reason he gives us this kind of crap. Well, You know, this guy, this, this, You know, O Joe O Joe just report the news. Brad ought report the news, Brad. That's all I do say nothing but some shit that he's giving us right now. That's all it, that's all is it's a backup. And you, and you're walking around right now in LA with some dogs and you ain't even got one no plastic bags sitting all over the lawn. You gotta give that up. No, I ain't doing that. No. Make that crap. Hey, look at Bread. Y'all team gonna be very different next year. Yes. You know that. I know that. And it's not just gonna be because Jason Tatum is not playing.


There are gonna be a lot of changes to that Celtic P Yeah, I I I totally agree. I I I don't know if, I don't think Zenga is going to be here. I don't know if you're, you're, you're, you're talking about June holiday holidays gonna be here and because I Think you gonna match the reset button right now because you lost your best player. So, didn't, didn't, didn't Alford did my boy Al retire? No, Al May Al, but man Algon make money Al well at the health club. I told him that Joe. Yeah. I said, oh, he's a damn, he, he's, he's almost 40 years old. They're paying him about $10 million a year just to stay in shape.


Where you going? And Al got about five kids at home, please. He ain't ready to do. Hey Brad, man, thank you so much for joining us tonight. Thank you for joining us during the playoffs. We greatly appreciate it. Hey, come back man. I'm gonna come back soon. I enjoyed being with you guys and I want, I'm a I'm gonna stay it on air. I want you and o Joe out on my podcast, the Cedric Maxwell podcast. I'm gonna holler at you because your producer didn't tell you what I wanted to say. So anyway guys, I enjoyed it. Thank you very much for having me on. Alright, tell me what you like. Tell. Hey, did you get the, did you get the liquor? Got the liquor Already drank it. So we, I'm waiting pours, You know, they come to me.


I know they said they gonna send me some merchandises. Joe laid it out the bag, said, yo man, I got some me merchandise. I got some good merch. I was too, I didn't get no merch. Yeah, we, we'll get yourself. Appreciate it man. Thanks for joining us and we got you. We, you covered I'm good. Yes sir. Appreciate you. I got it's no one surprise. Shaa was just named finals. MVP. So he's the regular season MVP Western Conference. MVP finals, MVP average 30 points, five and a half assist, one or almost two steals a game. One and a half block shots per game. And he is only 26 years of age. I got a question. I'm glad you just said that. Now think about everything you just named off.


He's won a ring already. He was the MVP this season. Now we talked about this a very, for a very long time, all throughout the NBA season, all you said you would take joke of SGA. Yeah, yeah, I still would. Yeah. The ring. Yeah. Would you still take, would you still s Yeah, because Yoic got a ring too. You remember Yoki did all that too? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I I wanted to see if, if, if your mind. Yeah. Okay. And that's not the, and that's not the takeaway. Anything from, from Shaa. Yes sir. He's a phenomenal player. But I mean, you're talking about, I mean, and, and you like really splitting hairs. So you're looking at Shaa, you're looking at Yoki, you are looking at Giannis. I think, hey, I think those are the three best players.


Maybe you sprinkling Lucas something when he's healthy and going. But Shay, I mean to be 26 years of age, they brought him in. He, You know, kinda learned under Chris Paul and then they turned the organ Brad, they turned the organization over to a kid. That was what, two, three years later. Here's the thing you should say, Shannon. When you, you talk to Ocho, the supporting cast, you look at the best supporting cast at the end of the day, you can look at OKC with the supporting cast. New dork looked like he should have been playing with the, with the Cleveland Browns, the way he was knocking down that big body saying the new thing. The big question we're going to talk about later on, gentlemen, is this, we, you talk about three guys who were the MVPs when they were with the Thunder, they couldn't get it done.


Harden Westbrook and the ranch, they couldn't get it done. But now they've gone to a, a smaller, more effective lineup. Not as big as stars, but they still won. But those three guys that you're talking about, that that supporting cast they had that they should have won one or two. Oh they should. They kept, well they didn't let James Harden, you remember they went to the championship, they lost to the heat and then the next year for $5 million, they let James Harden go to the Rockets. And that was kind of the beginning of, and we, we gonna talk about this a little later. Every last one of those guys that started in OKC somehow find a way to get to get to the Rockets. You know, it started with hard and Russ and now kd.


So we'll get into that a little later. But you're absolutely right because you look at these two teams, what do they have? Yeah, bench play. Their bench players play extremely well. They're a very deep team. You look at Ovy top and them play well tonight, but he normally plays well. But you got Madre, he gave you 24. TJ McConnell gave you 16. So that's 40 points. You got 42 points from your bench. Yeah, you really can't complain like that about that. McConnell just didn't have a good game. He played well offensively, but the turnovers, he had a lot of careless turnovers tonight. He had seven, they had 21, they had seven turnovers in the third quarter when OKC really opened up the, the game game. I mean, 'cause they would have a one point lead and now all of a sudden you start the fourth quarter and you dial 13.


So you go from plus one to minus 13. And a large part had to do with the turnovers. You lost the turnover battle in that they did a great job of taking care of it. And You know, this is how OKC played. They're very active with their hands, especially at home. That crowd is raucous and you just got careless with the basketball OKC this season number one in that rating. Number two all time. First in defensive rating, third in offensive rating, second youngest championship team in NBA history only behind the 1977 Portland drill. You, You know, led by Yeah. You didn't mention one guy who was particularly effective in that thing.


And it was really Alex Caro, nobody's gonna talk about the bald eagle. I know Shannon, that hurt you because it used to be a, a fake girl over there with you and and care of him. Caruso was huge for them. Defensively. Offensively he is able to shut the door and really contain guys. And he made that extremely tough for them. Especially talking about those steels. He was part of that still thing on every player was, Hey, hey on Bri. I I I think y'all make great points, especially about they bench, You know, the others that they play well obviously, You know, the more likely whoever bench plays well they team win. But to me, if you look at check HomeBridge, I think he was averaging 11 points throughout this, throughout this final run.


Yeah. The night he had 18 points a rebounds five blocks and he was six for eight from the field. Very efficient. So probably his best game. The fight. Yep. He plays well plus Shay and you got Williams playing. Well it's, it's hard to beat them. They just hadn't got consistent play from check re You know what I mean? So if he, if he give him five blocks, he giving you 18 to 22 points a night. And I think that's his next, that's his next ceiling to where he can be consistent on a night to night basis with these guys. That's what's gonna make him a dynasty and make him hard to beat. But You know what, think about this Dyna, did we say Indiana downstate? Yeah.


Okay, Joe. Nah, that hey, hey, hold on. Hey, before you go Corre, I mean Joe, listen, you talk about Dynasty right now after, after a 10 don't one, the one way to have a dynasty right, is to be able to keep your core group hoop guys together. Now they just won a championship. Now what happens when you have players that deserve and wanna get paid that don't wanna stay there? No, no, no. Shades get sha getting ready to get paid. So what's players are gonna leave. So how you, how you gonna, how you gonna say Dynasty? When, when everything, I don't, I don't get that feeling from OKC and those guys, they look nice tan group. And I think when you, when you win ocho, you, you have to go on the luxury tax. You know, everybody gets paid. You know what I mean? They, they'll small market, but the fact that they, the one you mean to tell me you gonna let one of these cornerstone guys get outta here?


You can't, You know it, it's good, it good to say Joe, but them dead presidents, they changed your mind about the times 15 and dollars. They look, they, they, they might think that, they might say that, but when you talking about the luxury taxes, you paying a guy 10 million but now it projects out that you're paying them 30 million in a year. Now teams get a chance in their mind. Sometimes they have, they might wanna pull back. I just like that when you talk about violence, I'm looking like just last year where people said about the s the s gonna win the championship again with Taylor and Brown and all those players, what happened? They didn't win.


This is, this is what, and and the NBA loves it and the fact that you have different teams winning championships 'cause it pro promotes all this just equating among the teams. The the the fans don't like it though. No, the fan, the fans. Because the thing is Brent, the fans in the NBA are different than the fans of the NFL, right? Because small market team, Pittsburgh small market, but they got ravenous fans and they've been cheering for the Steelers for 50, 60 years. Green Bay small market been cheering up to here to Kansas City, the n the NBA don't have that. You gotta go LA you gotta go to New York, you gotta go Boston, you gotta go to these ma Chicago, these massive markets to get a following, right?


Because if not, it's just regional. Because think about it, your grandfather rooted for the Steelers and so when he had kids and they moved away, they don't live in Pittsburgh, right? They're somewhere else, but they're still Steelers fans, still Stiller fans, GR Green Bay, they don't live in Green Bay. They're still Packer fans though. The Cowboys, they just, so that's how it has to be. But I think the thing is what the NBA can do, the players, the team OCHO that you're on, Joe and Brad, You know this. Yeah, I can give you that extra, I can give you that gift here. I get, hey, you go somewhere else, you only go get four, right? I can give you five fully guarantee. Now do you want four years at one 60 or do you want five years? Well boy, she, you say that in about small market teams lib yet what is, what was Miami?


Is that a small market? And and let's talk about is San Antonio was that a small market? Those are, and they no ratings and the ratings were for those with they ratings were terrible. Go look at, look at San Antonio brand. Look at San Antonio, what they play, don't look. And they had great look at Duncan. Duncan. You had Robinson Gin, believe you had Parker, you had Ginobili. It's, it's, it's different. NFL markets, small markets versus NB. Okay, I I I give you that, but I look at Miami. Is Miami a small market? No, no. Nah. It, it's not like, like when I look at small markets, I'm looking at like in, I'm looking at, I'm looking at like, yeah, people would rather go now.


And you talking about people that was some of the most Fairweather fans I ever saw in my life who go to the, who went to the Miami game. Oh yeah, for sure. People left, left the game early Ocho they left the game early and then when Ray Allen had shot, they wanted to get the ass back in the damn game. That's right. Come back in. Don't tell me about a damn small market in your loyalty and this heat culture. I, I believe what Shannon, but Brett Bread, but You know how this work now it's same thing with LA. If you don't win them fans not coming because there's too much to do. See what they're going, what what, lemme ask you a question. What else are you going to do in OKC?


What else are you going do at end besides go to a damn basketball game or watch the Indianapolis 500? Sure. So now in Miami, I got the beach on until I got South Beach, I got so much I can do LA a lot Brad, You know how much is going on. So if you don't win in those markets, oh bro coming, ain coming. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, listen, the only people that will go, we talk about the hardcore fans, fans that you win or losing that they will die and ride by you whether you win or losing. But when it comes to Miami or with any of the big market teams, the new the, the new New York LA's, the Miamis may, maybe, maybe huge. Chicago. Chicago, oh Chicago another one. And the fans ain't coming.


They, they not sitting through that. They not spending their hard-earned money, especially in this goddamn economy. Tell you economy messed up and we losing Nah, it says small markets, new Orleans, OKC, Milwaukee, San Antonio, Utah, Indiana, Charlotte. Hey, does that change? Hey on Marcus, we talking about TV markets now, right? I got you. Hey, I have a question too also. Yes, with, okay. Like where people always want to go and play no matter what. They love to go play in Houston. They love to go play in Miami. They love to go and play in la. Yes.


Does, does the thunder and et GA win in the championship, does that attract suitors from the outside? Want go play in OKC? There's only one thing. What, what else am I gonna do there if I don't go, what? So other, what other pro sporting event can I go to in Oklahoma City besides see in Miami? I can go, can I go see something? Can I see football? Yeah. Can I see the go to the rodeo? Shannon, go to the next rodeo. Okay, the black rodeo, remember San Antonio have to hit the road every year red because they got the, they got the, what you call 'em coming, the rodeo coming through. Yeah, Indiana. So it's like Milwaukee. What, what else are you you gonna do in Milwaukee besides go see the Bucks play, go to the Harley Davidson museum. If so, there's only, I mean when people have families and kids, they don't just want to like, hey, hey babe, I'm home.


What are we gonna do tonight? Everything's boarded up. I mean, you got kids they wanna do stuff and if it's cold they can't do anything after September they inside. How, how did, how did Pittsburgh is such a follower since it's such a small market and you're talking about the NFL, but how do they do it considering that's a hell Pittsburgh related. Well what gonna do? Ain't nothing. Nothing. Hey, hold, hold on. Ain Got the Pirates. You got the Pirates and you, you got, and you got and you got the Steelers. And when the Steelers came up, the steel, think about the early seventies they dominated. Yeah. And so now they're, they're putting that imprint on you man. The Steelers man. The Steelers.


The Steelers. The Steelers. And so kids that had kids, they grew up Steelers fans. I grew up a Steelers fan. My mom was a Steelers fan 'cause that they always on tv. Same thing with the Raiders. Oakland. Oakland Small was small, but they, hey that's all you saw. And so once you got up age and you had kids, what do kids do? Take you to the game. Hey, they got a Cubs jersey on or they got a Celtics jersey on and so you just pa it just passes down. Passes down. I like it. I look Brad, you said the NBA like this, but we've seen, we haven't seen anything like this seven consecutive different champs.


We don't see anything like ratings for this particular series. They, they, they weren't love island. Love island got better ratings. I'm just gonna keep it a stack with y'all man. I'm just saying Hey it was a good series. Hey Chad, don't they don't get 'em upset with Chad, but I'm just saying love, love I that that red, that really happened. Lemme give you a stat right here. J Dub this season he was an all star, all defense, all NBA and he's a champion. He's the youngest player since Kobe Bryant to achieve all four of those in the same season. This is what Scottie Pippen said about Jalen Williams. I don't even want to put a cap on him and say that he's going to be me.


I see him being greater if I can say that. Just because where the game is today, the, they have offensive freedom. We didn't have that. We mostly ran out of a, out of a system. These guys have the freedom to shoot the three balls and do things of that nature. Players are playing in today's game, have a chance to be better than players in the past because of the ability to shoot the ball. Wow. Wow. Somebody said it. Oh nevermind. But anyway, if this kid continues to shoot the three ball the way he shoots, I'm going to sit here and say and argue with nobody and say he can't, he can compare to us because you can't. He wins.


I I I don't red go ahead Joe. Let let Joe let Joe chime in first then you go red and then alter on. Hear what you gotta say. Joe, you muted. Can y'all hear me now? Yeah, my bad agree with piping because back in his day, You know they played with two traditional bigs and now, now in today's game, especially OKC, they don't have nobody posting up. Seriously. You know, those guys are picking and pop guys and J up and, and Shay they kind of get the, they get free will as opposed to when they shoot how they want to shoot. So they can give it to you however they want. I I think the the, the game is a lot more wide open now and yes, you, they do have a lot more freedom than guys had back, back when Scotty was playing.


Joe. I think the game is tailormade for you right now because it is a iso game. It is a one-on-one game and if you or a guy can put the ball on the floor, you can score from the outside. It's almost impossible to stop you. Yeah. During the time that I played when we had Mikhail Parish, myself, bird, we were post up guys and we stayed right on that block. Yeah. Yeah. So we you didn't, we weren't trying to trick you. We're just going beat the hell outta you in the damn post that has fallen away. Nobody, nobody does anymore Shannon. Nah, stereo anymore. It's, it's a, it's a dead game. So because of that, the game has changed so much in a way and, and Scotty I appreciate Scotty giving up up like that.


But I tell you what I like to see and this Joe and Ocho and I would love to see what would happen if he had been playing during the eighties when guys were throwing his ass to the ground. Now it wasn't all this all this, he getting you up in the air faking you doing all this stuff. Do You know how Detroit played like that Detroit used to play two fouls. One guy would hit you once the other guy. Yeah You know it Joe that gave the other guy freedom to knock the hell outta. Yeah so, so it would take another special guy. Now I'm not taking away from what Shake does, I'm really not but I'd like to see what he do with Handshake and Joe the era you played in. Yeah, I like to see what he would do right now when it came to hard you Think you see some of these fos they call the Dave the cast.


Oh right re foul when the guy rushed him and hit him and may during my particular era they would've laughed at your ass like right, no, no blood, you ain't bleeding when your eyes, they now ocho if you ain't, if you ain't missing the tooth or nothing you won't believe from the notes. Right. They won't call on that. So I would love to know how Shea, I'm not taking away anything from no hatred at all. But I love to see how he played during the physical game the way it was played during that time. Hey Right. I, I like what Pippa said, UNC Joe and Brad. I like, I like what he said but the funny thing about it is there's certain players regardless to era, regardless to era based on skill and DNA and what they bring to the table in that specific era with regards to what area you put certain individuals in, they're gonna succeed regardless to how the game for sure whether it's in the eighties, whether it's in the nineties, whether it's in the two thousands or whether it's now a player like FGA, he will thrive.


He will still thrive and just adapt to the circumstance and the environment and the style of play in which they played. If he was in the eighties or in the nineties when they were a lot more physical. The same thing goes for Pippin. It's hard to compare eras Aren you you, you really can't do it. You can't era unc when you play the rule changes the rule change. Exactly. The rule changes obviously when you think about the game of basketball. Right. Everything is iso now. Back then the Jordan era, the PIP era, they they played with co bigs Unc back in your day Unc, god damn look at the yards you got, you got a goddamn Yankee, you got a bus in the hall of Fame and goddamn can. Right and you've played during the running game era. Yep. Imagine if you played right now you in your prime and they throwing the ball 20 million times every goddamn can you, you laughing Ken you laughing like you about to get damn paid or something right now.


Hey hey, hey I see them, I see them guys making tight ends making 17, $18 million a year. I do see that. Hey I mean just go to show you just how well the thunder play Defense Indiana shot the ball better from the field, better from the three point line better from the free throw line and they out rebound them but they had one glaring stat, they tripled up the turnovers 21 to seven. That is the difference in the ball. Turnovers will kill you in any game you play. And I don't care what sport it is. You play football, you turn that ball over, you play basketball, you turn it over and it's going to be a recipe for you to lose because those are wasted opportunities.


A lot of people laughed when they talked about the self excuse the threes and I talked to Joe Missoula about this. He said Max, I rather for to shoot the three than turn the damn ball over 'cause they the, you wouldn't give it a shot opportunity. And I was like damn, that does make sense though. You at least you shoot it, you get an opportunity to go in. But when you turn the ball over in a live situation, your defense is lopsided going back the other way and it just kills you. And you could see it hurt Indiana all day long. TJ McConnell was a smart player Joe. They surprised me when he crossed the court at that time at half court and he got double and he punched the ball out. Yeah, I, You know, talking about too smarter than that.


You, you ain't, it's a point guard you ain't supposed to cross that line kept getting pinned on the sideline. He got kept, he kept getting pinned in the corner. He's only so tall. So when they come with a double team, he's not getting out of that because he can't, Hey look, you, you, you had to know that he was gonna make some mistake guys. They, they asked an awful lot of him, You know, when went down. So he, he probably, he ain't accustomed to, he since the first quarter Tyrese went down the first quarter and now TJ had to step in and be big guy against the starters. He ain't going to get their backups now. Now he's going against J Dub, he's going against Dort. He's going to, he's in there with the trees with Che. So it's a diff you're him to do you asking him to be tj. But I need more of that from you and I need you to give it to me against there one, there go Joe, let me, let me ask you this Joe.


What happened to some of them players you used to play with when you Glen on your team and they be talking all that shit and then they get the game a real game. You go, man, what happens? Hey, hey listen, listen. Oh all that damn question is too much for you. Hey, hey, hey look. Hey Bri Ocho. Lemme tell y'all something. I was in college man. I'm tell you. When I first got to campus I wanted to play in the hype. That's where everybody used to play at. And I had dudes on my team bro who averaged two points, three points a game. Who went the hype looking like Jordan and you but once that popcorn go to pop and them lights come on, I'm like damn what happened? Yeah, ITT ain't the same no more. It ain't the same. When them lights come on, that popcorn go to pop. Ojo Ojo said the right thing. It's DNA based.


It is for some people and it showing for some other people because when them damn big likes come on and they damn put a little bit more butter on the damn popcorn, some of these people gonna fall like a damn cheat. Shit. That's what they going do. Yeah, it, it's funny that y'all say that 'cause my friend, we had a guy there were roommates and one of the guys was the starter, wide receiver. His roommate go tell the coach, he like, coach, if you gave me some run gave I can catch just as good as my roommate. I can catch just as good as this guy. Sure enough coach put him in the game, dropped everything, he threw him Coach after the game. He say Son, you came to my office and tell me you better than Barney. We put you in the game now he put him on class.


Yeah your roommate, I'm better than him. You done told the coach I'm better than my roommate. Yeah, he put you in the game, you lay a egg and then the coach call you out in front of everybody and your roommate sitting there looking at you. He like call him out. He sure call him out. You, you go all that talking, all that damn noise. Oh Joe, you've seen enough of that. All them damn guys backing you up. I used to tell guys in practice sometimes, what the hell you following me like that? You damn game you ain't gonna be playing. Yeah. Hey listen, I don't, I don't think, I don't think people understand how difficult it is, huh? It's one thing to be playing on the park. It's one thing to be having fun recreational with your friends, but I'm talking about at the highest level bring and unc, I'm talking about at the highest level when them lights turn on.


Especially if you a talker, you was a talker. Yeah Joe, if you a talker and you gotta back it up, you gotta back it up now You know, I don't, I don't Think you understand how much pressure that is and obviously when you see the finished product on a Sunday you be like, well damn they make it look easy. But what you don't get to see is all the work these motherfucker got to put in before time he on Sunday, we it just look easy. Well, but exactly. But You know, but, but all of, all of the four of us right now on air, three of us I know talked a last shit. I I know Shannon did. Oh okay. Ocho I know you did and I know I did but Joe say nothing. Joe George played, he played the game and gave you his ass's.


What he's gonna do, but I gotta let You know I you Oh, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hang up. Hey let your, let your work speak for itself. No, if I work speaking I will speak my work can't talk but I can I pay your ass. Hey, hey they work. Hey on, on They work can say volumes now. Yeah, not yeah, yeah, yeah. Terrible. You, you going be in the wave. Why am I at tomorrow? I got for you Shannon. It's gonna my best story. I was playing against the Lakers and we had some, some of them gal over there, Larry Spriggs and some of these guys really hadn't played that much. And they were screaming and yelling at me and I was taking the ball out so I was about to get the ball from the referee and I said, hold up a minute.


He said, hold up. He said what? Whoa, whoa, what do you want? I said, pat Row was standing beside me. I said, pat put one of them motherfuckers in down there, pat Row turns the ring going, Hey you going the game? This guy comes in the game to guard me. I score about 10 quick points and going out the game. I said, next time you'll sit, sit your ass down and be quiet. I love Pam for that. I love, thank you. Appreciate it. All the damn talking you doing. Run your damn mouth over here. You ain't, you ain't. You should just be quiet and watch the damn game. You got a free ticket. Shut up. We had three stars go down in the postseason with corn.


Achilles. Dame Lilly went down first. Jason Tatu went down next and then Tyrese, Halliburton, they all were the number zero. Jeff Stats tweeted if Halliburton deed and tear Achilles, which he did, that would be the eighth Achilles tear this season. The previous high was five and 1415. That does not include Theas and of De Kpo who tore his into off season or prospect Jalen Moore who injured his in a recent pre-AP workout. Unbelievable. So hold on. That's who had t Tom ha stroke, James Wiseman and Isaiah Jackson two there too. Right.


So what is Joe Brad, you guys played, I heard people say man it's the low top shoes, but boy with the way technology is now, ain't nobody was tear Nokin with them. Chuck Taylor. No. Now they got all this technology. What's going on with the, with the kines Joe? I I think it's just Joe. I believe the fact that these guys never rests. The guys you named Tatum played in the Olympics last year, never had an opportunity to rest Halliburton played in the Olympics, never had an opportunity to rest. We know, we know what Dane does. He plays all this basketball because you don't rest your body. Shannon Ocho Joe, your damn body is going rest you one way or the other.


And, and there might be the Achilles and you remember that Achilles is one of those things. How do you really protect it? Because you can stretch it and do it, but you can't build it up like one of these strong muscles, something nothing happens. Yeah, it's yeah. Yeah. Go ahead Ojo. Go ahead. No, I I I'm, I'm gonna say I, I see a lot of comments, a lot of people talking about, oh You know, people are wearing low top shoes and, and I mean listen, having a high top shoe is not, is not gonna prevent that. It's not gonna prevent that, that that's something that's, that's on the interior. And listen, it, it just happens. It, it just happens. Why it happened. I'm not sure, obviously we know Halle had had an injury and I'm not sure if the compensation for that area caused that, the keys to rupture, but it, it's just unfortunate that it is happening.


But I keep seeing the comments about Os 'cause the Low had nothing to do with low top shoes and I don't believe so either. No. Hey, I, I I don't, I don't think so. High top shoe ain't fixing that. It it's, there's not, yeah, I don't, I don't think so neither Bri you could be right, it could be the wear and tear on these guys, but if y'all listen to Halen Burton after game five, he said that this would probably, if this was regular season, this would be a two week, You know, layoff for him. He would be out for at least two weeks. Yeah. And the fact that you can't get that and you can't get that kinda rest when you have those calf injuries. Man, I hate to say it, but this is the next thing that comes from it. You know, when you look at all the guys from, excuse me, Durant, whether it was Dame, they all had these calf injuries and You know, you're playing in the postseason, you want to try to be there for your team and give 'em everything you got and honestly it just becomes too much.


It just becomes too much because the game is idle at such a high level. Yeah. Playing in the finals like bro, like you ain't, you ain't gonna get no rest on that. Like, 'cause we gonna test it every play down court, every play offensively. He trying to get to the rack, he trying to make a play. You gotta push off on that. So I just think it was unfortunate for him man. And I hate it for him too, man. I mean, but who, who is gonna, who's gonna make that call though? Who's gonna make that call piece to sit down because You know it's not gonna be the player because your teammate because we know and it's not gonna be the coach either because I'm trying to win teammate, your teammates at you. You know how we like yo man wrap that shit up. We, we got to go. So I don't know how you prevent that when it gets down to players and what they're able to do.


A lot of times you said during the regular season, Joe, what would've happen? I only thing I think can happen is you, if you have an independent doctor that has to look at players when they have the injury, that's the only way you can send him out and protect him. 'cause you can't protect the player from, from himself in those situations. 'cause he's gonna wanna go, he's gonna wanna go, lemme ask you a question, lemme ask you a question Bria, who playing for that independence? Because if the team playing paying for it ain't independent. Wow. Wow. If you play it for it and they, they, they keep saying, oh it's independence. Somebody gotta paint. I I because he ain't doing no doctors don't do pro bono work unless there are doctors are Borders doc service.


But other than that he did that with, with the Bill Walton tray. That, that happened with me and Bill Walton. I passed it. I didn't really pass the test in LA when I went there, but when, when Bill Walton got to got to Boston Red Heart back below the little smoke and said, bill, you passed here. Hit the damn knee. Wasn't as good as, as your grandma's name way back in the day. But, but they that but the power of coaches GMs at that time is so different than is so I don't know how you protect the player from themselves. Right. Lemme ask you this guys, is it a situation because now guys are so specialized guys play, all they play is basketball, all they play is baseball, all they play is football.


So you get no end. So all you're doing is you're stressing that and then you got these tournaments, Joe, they play basketball year round. Yeah. I'm like damn. I thought, I thought everything was a season. I thought football had a season. I thought basketball had a season. I thought baseball had a season. I thought track had a season. They do all this stuff year round. And that's why us as Americans, the basketball hoopers nowadays we're behind because all we do is play, play, play. And the guys overseas, they teach in the game. They teaching these dudes the game at a young age versus just throwing them out there now. Man, listen, we, we in a whole totally different era to where now OCHO Bread. Yeah. Hey look, if I want y'all to play on me, okay look, I got a hundred grand for y'all this song man I need y'all to come play with me.


That's, that's all these people care about. They ain't trying to develop, they ain't developing these kids and teach 'em really how to play the game. So therefore as they get to the next level, whether it's college or pro, You know a lot of 'em be lost and you don't really hear about 'em no more because it takes time. 'cause when you get to a team and you not the man and you have to learn how to play and you have to learn how to start in a role and you ain't never had to do that. Oh man, you lost in the sauce. Wow. Yeah, that's about as true as it gets. I hadn't thought about it, but over in Europe, the skillset that they teach properly with the three points and the euro step and all this, they have that down before they get here. Our players utilize one thing, it was dunking and the wi speed.


That's it. And you can't utilize that the whole time. You have to push down the back burner. So I Think you are a thousand percent correct when it comes to but, but but it's a a u basketball. Yeah that what killed a lot of that damn kid going. I, I ain't never seen a damn kid in the damn sixth grade go to the damn California from North Carolina play some damn basketball. I couldn't, I couldn't go, I couldn't go across the damn street. Get the other side of town. Hey look no damn ways at six or seven. Hey, when I was growing up, man, we played AAU ball, I played for the Arkansas Rockets pretty much my entire AAU season to the last year I played with the Arkansas Hawks and these were all guys straight outta Arkansas bro.


Now you get guys, they gonna be from summer everywhere. They probably ain't gonna even know each other until they get together to, to get ready to play. You know what I mean? So that's the, that's the biggest difference. Yeah. And Brad, when we are coming up play what? Oh, you better get, you gotta walk into something. You gotta buy yo. Hey. But see I want, hey, but see I wanted, we was so poor. I wore summer clothes year round. Some of my brothers, some of my cousins, some of my uncle, Hey hold on, hold on. We were working too man. We, we, we, when I, when I was young playing for aau, man, we threw so many swim parties, car washes, ticket raffles, man we did this. Okay.


Yeah. Raid You gotta feather those spaghetti G too Joe, wait a minute. Lemme hold on you hold on, hold on. And Joe, I know you guys have some that you have a Sunday, so don't tell me that. Oh yeah. Everybody had a Sunday suit here in the, and some so that we could go churchy and on Sunday so we have something special. Absolutely


The volume. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs, coach Delan McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold. This is an iHeart podcast.