
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Future Health weight loss Wa ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need Wegovy for $399, all in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com Future without the e Future Health Weight Loss Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not healthcare services provider meds are prescribed a provider's discretion.


The volume According to S Sports Illustrated, Rob Poka shouldn't see his, see his job as secure moving forward. The report says quote, either way, Paulka shouldn't feel super secure in his position moving forward. He also shouldn't feel necessarily be looking over his shoulder. He needs to have a good off season this summer, though. All he gotta do, all he gotta do is do the same thing with listen. I'm sure he had, he had the rumblings.


He know what you need. I'm sure LeBron has said it. I'm sure Luca has said it. Get me a goddamn big so we can compete. That's it. Get me a five. Who they and who they gonna get take care of himself. Who they gonna get? There's a trade proposal. Bailey Bassett sees the Lakers trade away. Austin Reeves for 2023. Defensive player of the year. Triple J Jaron Jackson Jr. Mm. So the Grizzlies will receive Austin Res don't connect Maxie Cleaver for Jaron Jackson Jr. Hell no sound You Memphis? No. Hell No. I'm not giving that Jaron Jackson. Hell no. Are you crazy? Hell who? Jerry Jackson's the beast man. That, that dude's a beast. You, you think I'm giving them up for what?


What you just say them bag of Niles that you just talked about? What the hell you talking About? Officer Res don't, Hey, and I mean, I, I don't really know what, what Memphis is doing Saying, I know you trying to stack the damn debt. Don't gimme that kinda crap, man. Hey, if They, they get rid of Jan Jackson Jr. They definitely getting rid of Ja Jas go. Yeah. Why? I mean, if you get rid of him, that's your cornerstone. That's your corner piece. Your big man. You get rid of him. I mean, I, I would always want to keep him and Ja together. So if you getting rid of him, then maybe Ja is on the move somewhere. Ja, I told you minute. I Told Oh, give it to me one more time. You go, who did you say they were gonna give up? I, I gotta give, I need to write this down. What'd you say?


The Austin Reeves With Austin Reeves Don't connect. Max Maxie Libber the 2031 first round. Gimme one more white for Triple. Okay. Gimme one more. What? What you get? That's all we got. Hey, keep Going. Hey, we just eed the roster. We just eed our locker. Thank You. Go. If you are, if you are that team, you cannot take an Allstar. The guys you just named, those aren't all stars. They're pretty good players. Some of them. But Don 'em Connect just, he just came here for a hot cup call. I like what? I like what you're talking about when you talk about Austin Re he's a, he's a pretty good player, but I'm joke, I'm not making that deal. Hell no. They only if you Miss, if you, Memphis, you're not making it.


But we don't know what Memphis got up. They sleeve. Yeah. A a it all depends on what if, what is Memphis trying to do? Because they just took, they just got four first round draft picks for Desmond Bain. Yeah. So are they looking to go back? Are they looking to rebuild, start this thing all over again? You're trying to say this is gonna let Paul the soul. Is that what you're trying to say? Memphis is making another lake. I know you smile. I can for the damn thing. Hey, this was their idea. Look, that's how they Won that first look. That's how they won that championship with Kobe. The back to back. Yeah. They, They, they stole one then by making that trade. So don't gimme this crap about getting a great defender like that or a bad, I'm sorry, that doesn't work for me.


But, But Brad, You know what, Jeannie Bus and Rob Poka think of Austin Reeves. That's their diamond in the rough. They discovered him. He was an undrafted free agent and he's turned himself every year he's increased. He averaged 20 points a, a game this season. They think very, very highly of him. And they were very, they're very, very reluctant to put him in any trade. Come on. Excuse me. Unless it gives them a bonafide, a bonafide guy. Right. Who is, Who is, who is gonna get him up A bonafide guy for Austin Re he's all right. I mean, I ain't, I'm not, I'm not down them saying he can't play, but I'm not giving all, I'm not giving the Allstar up for Austin Reaps.


I can't do that. You, you gotta gimme a lot more than that. And then you Well, We give you a, they give you a first round pick and dont connect Who first round pick, Bro. I can't go down like that. No, you gotta give some real players are coming back to me. If I'm Memphis. I can't. If you, you, if you're Memphis right now, you're destroying your team. You're already doing the thing with baes and you tell my job, but you gotta keep one piece like that. And, and that Jackson dude is he he is, he's the valuable just give up for nothing. A bag of a Bread. Bread. You know, uncle over there, he rubbing his hands like this here. Yeah. Because he know. Yeah, if the Lakers get Jan Jackson Jr. Man, that could, that could put him in Elite company.


He know that. He, You Know that. Oh, that's, that's something reason. Look, we gotta show enough real protection and man, That's the only, that's the only reason he yields us this kinda crap where, You know, this kinda, this this is thing, You know, ocho OI Just report the news Brad, I report the dude Brad. That's all I'm doing. This Ain't nothing but some shit that he's giving us right now. That's all the, that's all this. It's a backup. And you and you and you walking around right now in that light with some dogs and you ain't even got one no plastic bags shooting all over the lawn. You're gotta give that up. No, I ain't doing that. No. Making that trip. Hey, look at Bread, y'all team gonna be very different next year. Yes. You know that. I know that. And it's not just gonna be because Jason Tatum is not led.


There're gonna be a lot of changes to that team. Yeah, yeah. I I, I totally agree. I I I don't know if, I don't think Zenga is gonna be here. I don't know if you're, you're, you're, you're talking about your holiday, your holidays gonna be here and because I Think you gonna match the Reset Bunny. So right now, because you lost your best player. So did, Didn't, didn't Alford, did my boy Al retire? No, Al Man, Al aint done. Man. Algon make money. Lan retired Al at the Health club. I told him that joke. I said yeah. Oh, he is a damn, he, he's, he's almost 40 years old. They paying him about $10 million a year just to stay in shape.


Where the hell he, where he going? And now got about five kids at home, please. He ain't going nowhere. He ready to do Hey Brad, man, thank you so much for joining us tonight. Thank you for joining us during the playoffs. We greatly appreciate it. Hey, come back soon man. Man, I'm gonna come back soon and I enjoy being with you guys. And I want, I'm a, I'm gonna stand on air. I want you and Ojo on my podcast and Cedric Maxwell podcast. Okay. I'm gonna holler at you because your producer didn't tell you what I wanted to say. So anyway, guys, I enjoyed it. Thank you very much for having me on. Alright. Tell me what you think. Tell me, Hey, did you get the, did you get the liquor? Got the liquor and I already drank it. So we, we, I 80 fours.


You know they, they talk to me. I know they said they gonna send me some merchandises. Joe landed out the bag, said, yo, man, I got some me merchandise. I got some good merch. Damn, I'm gonna do, I didn't get no merch. Yeah. Hey Brad, lemme We get, we'll get you some Brad. Appreciate it man. Thank for joining us and we got you. We got you covered. Have a good, appreciate you sir. Atop the leaderboard for two straight weeks to start the big three season is none other than ISO Joe and the Detroit Am. Hey, your back Toback performances just proved once again that O ocho, that iso is still the man. The big three. Yeah. He, he like that according a double, double opening. He like that. Hey, he had 30 points, 10 rebounds in opening to come back and now he followed that up with a 29 point performance.


Woo. But you kind of banged up your knee. Yeah. You okay? Yeah, I'm all, I got a, I got a deep fat cont true contusion. He, he knee me right above my knee. Oh, okay. Hey, I got so for that. I got something for that Joe. Man, You know them deep thigh bruises man, they linger. Hey look, listen, You Know. Hey, I'm four. Hey, hey O Joe. I'm I I'm 44, man, You know, I know how, how to get it Joe. I know how to get it out Joe. I know how to get out. Don't worry about it. Listen to me Now. You got onions. You got onions at home? Yeah. Alright. Get you some onions, right. Peel the onion. Okay. Put on the stove. Boil some hot water. Put the onion in the water. Let it boil a little bit. A little bit. Right. Okay.


Boil, take it out. Cut the onion in half. Get some vix vapor rub. Right. Get some v vapor rub. Put the vix vapor rub on the contusion. Right. Okay. Okay. Take the onion, put the onion on there, then wrap the onion around real tight. Yeah. On top of it. Right. Okay. And let it sit there. Let there for 27 minutes. Not 28 minutes. Not 26 minutes. 27 minutes. Then take it off. I guarantee you'll feel better the next day. I promise you. I talking tell, You know. Hey, Hey, a ocho my grandma called me after the game. She said his little ass did that shit on purpose, didn't they? She didn't like it.


She ain't like it. So I tell her Rio, my grandma ain't like it, brother. She thought it was a dirty play. But it, it was a great game fellas, myself and on, on, on behalf of myself and the Detroit Amps. Man, we just trying to squeeze these wins out week to week. And obviously we understood the, the hype that was coming into, You know, this week's game and everybody stepped up, man and done with it. And then we done what we had to do to get a win. For sure. Man. What the next game, man. Where y'all coming? Miami play. I don't go Go ahead. What you, we, we there this upcoming weekend OCHO Wait, in Miami? Yeah. Wait, I mean what's the date? What's the actual date? 29th the Sunday. Sunday. It's Sunday.


Okay. Okay. So y'all, Y'all Meet meet you the next day. I'm I'm gonna do what I can off the, to the nurses thing up throughout the week and I'm, I'm gonna keep 'em updated and we'll see how I feel by Friday. Saturday? Yeah. You have to break. You have to break that scar tissue up though Joe. You gotta get that scar tissue broke up. It I sore. Yeah, I told, and I, and I got on that plane and came right back here so You know it's this, it kind of sw up on me on that plane a little bit, but I'm, I'm in a little pain over here, but I'll be all right. Yeah, you good. You good. I told you what it looks so I, so, so I so what, so what? Lance and Bs b Easy. What they talking about? Man, listen, y'all see, did y'all see the game? It was a good game. They, they came to play. They came to play it.


What? But they forgot about ISO Joe. They forgot about iso. Come on, UNC. A I listen, tell 'em they can go playing C if playing B was playing me, man. I'm the one. I'm the one. Yeah, yeah. Hey, Hey. Smack talk. Yeah. I'm just letting You know man. Y'all know what's going on around here. Stop That talk man. Stop playing man. Yeah, Yeah, he was Joe said, hey, they must have forgot and sometime, Hey, what, what he say? Sometime you gotta pop out and show him. O ojo Joe. Ojo blessed us with some workouts, some more workout content. Take a look at this Joe. What happened? What happened? Oh, that boy throwing that weight around. He making love of that weight, ain't he? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.


I touched my chest. Right. And look how slow and controlled now. I know you gonna say, oh, he spying, he help you out. Look how slow though. Huh? Slow. Nice and slow so I can feel everything. You hear me? Hey boy, ain't playing. Hey, hey Joe. The spotter got some getting some great shoulder work. He get some great shrugs in. Whatcha talking about? Huh? The guy can't touch the bar. I Know that Unc listen to me, but a three 15 heavy now. Come on man. That's what it's supposed to be. Hold On. Listen for me, stay with me real quick. Now I know nobody's supposed to touch the ball, but I'm purposely going slow so you can see I'm controlling it and it is really me. You are supposed to go slow. I know that. Hey, but get on my level.


What? Huh? At at three 15 Ain't nothing to you, huh? No, of Course. But look how big he is. Look how, look at me. You Say you the same, you say we the same size. I am, I am now. I am now I'm now. See, You know. Hey, I'm about, Hey, I'm about two 30. I'ma be in the gym tomorrow though. I'm, I Think you, I Think you and I Think you and Jim Jones should have a bench off. Nah, Listen. Hey, hold on, hold on. Hey, listen, don't don't, don't do it like that. Listen, I'm, I'm in a class of my own when it comes to working out, when it comes to all that, You know? And I Yeah, you not stronger than me. I'm just trying to show you. I'm almost where I need to be to compete with you. No, you're not. Alright.


Alright. But I, but I, Hey, but I like the fact that you in the gym, you working out. I mean, bro, I I, You know you don't do no leg press. You don't do no hamstring, curls don't leg. Oh boy. You see my legs? I, hold on. Lemme show That boy. Walking around here looking like a wa or a Brow. Hey, hey. Hold on. Wait. You see that? You see you, you see them thing? Hey, that's all. Hey, that's all Muscle boy. Unc. See, like you've been spending a lot of time walking on your, walking on your hands because your arm is bigger than your legs. Oh, nah, nah, nah. Hey, listen. Well, I'm a Gazelle, you hear me? I'm, I'm a Yeah, right now I can, I can give you 4, 4, 3, 4, 4 right now.


All right. Three, four. Three, four. What? Huh? Three, four. What I say Four. Three. Four, four. Come on. Yeah. Hey, hey. You gotta, I, you gotta remember I'm built for speed now. Ain't no point in having big old legs. You were, Huh? You were built for speed. You're not anymore. Oh, No, no. I'm still fast. I'm, I'm still fast. Name Four, three Fast. O Ain't Come on, Joe. Hey, Hey. You not, Hey, what? I can move Joe. I ain't saying you can't move. I know you can move Joe. I can move Joe. Yeah, But I'm saying that's what I think. I think, I Think you, I think what you call a you, y'all should have a bench off a curl.


What? What else you do in the jail? Mojo. Forget it. What other lifts you do? He put his Shae on. He read it now. Huh? Look, what else you, what else you do in the gym? You bitch, I, I do everything. I, I do everything. Huh? Curl tricep? Yeah, tri Tricep, everything. See, my, my trainer, he compete my trainers, he, he did, he did Olympia. I forgot what I think 20, 21. So he put me through, he put me through the works. So I'm, I'm getting all the right Work. Okay, what do, what he, what is he physique? Two 12 Classic. And I, I gotta ask him. I'm, I'm not sure. Okay. I'm not sure he, he complete. Like what, what is it like Phil Heath and Ronnie? What's that? That's the, That's open?


Yeah, he, He's, he's in the Oakland, but he, he big, he big to the motherfucker, bro. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So What's his name? Jose? I ta I tagged him, I tagged him on the video. Oh, okay. I don't, I don't know. I don't know him. You know him, Jordan. Hey, what's up with? He said what you got on? What got going on? Hey, I'm just, I'm just, I'm, I'm trying to figure out if you gonna pay my money or not. Oh, that's, oh, okay. You So that's what, that's what it is. That's what's up. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's how I'm, that's how I'm feeling. That's how you showing up. That's, yeah, that's How I'm feeling. I'm just feeling, I just wanna know if you gonna pay me what you owed me. No, no, no. You, you wouldn't hold, bro. Nah, I don't. A hundred dollars.


You in the hole. It don't matter how much you in the hole. You in the hole. So yo, UNC 5,959. Hey, hey Joe. Look what we, look what I got. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I need you to send me, I need you to send me my, Hey, hey. Send me my, my, Oh, that was yours. No, No, no. Hey, hey, hey. CA Hey, send my award please. All right. Hey, that's nope, can do. Hey, that's all right. Right there. Hey, I don't, Hey, hey, hey, Ocho. Huh? And You know, they got the Webbys coming. Hey, I don't wanna have to do nothing to, and We want, and we won hashtag awards. We Want, we went everything.


No, no, no, no, no. What, what do you mean? We, who's we? I'm just gonna keep it at his house. It ain't no big, we, it's just big me. Hey, hey, I got, I already got, I already got Mye on. Don't make me execute now. Don't make me execute. Oh, Joe, you owe. Oh. What You owe, Joe? You owed me. Hold on. The money ain't got nothing to do with the wars. We winning. Yeah, dude, I'm holding him hostage. Huh? I'm holding him hostage. Okay. I'm gonna have to come get 'em then. Hey, ain't no problem. Hey, excuse yourself. I'll come get, don't worry about it. I'm gonna come get him. I don't know why you don't wanna pay people they money, man.


I, I'm, I told you I'm gonna pay you. I, I told you I'm gonna pay you. Hold on. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me. I just got a new place. I want to furnish my place. Oh, man. What they gotta do with anything? What I gotta do, Don? I want furnish, man. Gimme my Hold. Damn, Joe. You gonna press it? You gonna press About I my honey, man, I won't mine because you, you'd been down my neck. You'd been down my neck for your, exactly. Yo, keep it going lon. I gotta go to the bathroom. Hold on, Joe. You gonna press me about the hundred dollars? Yeah, man, it is the principle. Ojo, You know, if I let you slide with that honey, then you get in the hole with me again. Guess what? You gonna try to slide with it again? I, I gotta, Hey, I got, this is your Listen, I'm coming. I'm be in Miami.


I'm be in Miami this upcoming week. Now. I hate to have to pull up on you, pull up at your house because I got your address now. I hate, hate to have to pull up unannounced. I don't, I normally don't act like that. Hey, Joe. Hey. You pull up here, Joe, man. Have to do something to you, Joe. Hey, when you come B, we got, we gotta we gotta hit Tootsies, man, when you get here, man. Alright. All right. All right. Hey, how was your trip, man? How was your trip? Good to see you. Bye. Oh, man. Hey, listen, that's con, con was beautiful. It was beautiful, man. It was very enjoyable, man, being able to, to see how things get done, to see and meet the people in person. Yeah. Who call, who give the green lights, who write the checks.


And it, it was awesome. I, I, I took some really, really good meetings, man. And met some, met, met some great people and, and, and, and started some, some good relationships. So I'm looking forward to those going really well in the, in the, in the, in, in the future. So I represented myself in Nightcap very, very well. So I'm Excited. That's what's up, man. You look like you had a, you look like you had a good time over there, partner. Yeah. Yeah. I, I did. I, every, every picture I took with everybody that was on my tippy toes too, bro. Hey, hey. Nah, they had me feeling like I was a midget. Nah, I ain't, ain't happening. Oh man. Yeah. I ain't never been over there, man. I'm gonna have to see what that, what that's like. It, it's nice. It's real nice. It's real nice. I, I, I go to Monaco, which is not that far.


San Chop pa is not that far about an hour away. Oh. And I only, I only go to Waa. So this is my first time just going really out the country for a reason that had nothing to do with soccer. And I, I enjoyed it once I got there and got a better understanding of what it was all about. Yeah, You know what? This, this is dope. And I now, I can't, I can't wait till next year, like next year.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by Iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin, meaningful beauty, makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Hey, it's Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile. Now, I was looking for fun ways to tell you that MIT's offer of unlimited premium wireless for $15 a month is back. So I thought it would be fun if we made $15 bills, but it turns out that's very illegal. So there goes my big idea for the commercial. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees. Extra se meant mobile.com.


Yeah, I can't wait till I get my money. Ra And who would like to have, who would like to have Nightcap show 2025 Podcast of the year if the, the Awards for Creative Excellence. Mm. Damn. I appreciate that. And 1, 1, 1 thing about me, boy, hey, when I go to the bathroom, you, You know you need, I piss excellence. You hear me? Yeah. I piss excellence, but so I need, I need that award so I can show, can I? Well, well, well, since you do all that, can I get my money? Go ahead and go in the bathroom and pee my money. Hey, I told, listen, they almost finished with my pool, soon as my pool finished. Oh man. Whatever's left over. Come on Old Joe.


Come on. Old Joe. What I gotta do, Joe, Joe, my kid. My kids wanna swim. Huh? I gotta, my daughter wanna swim. What is So I got, so I got, I got, I got, so my kids go without your kids can, oh, your kid grown. I got my three old French fry. French fry. She wanna swim. She wanna swim with her sisters. And Come on now. Y'all get gotta like, come on man. So you saying when you get your pool done, you gonna get to get a man's 5,900? Hey, hey, once I finish the pool, I'm done. You, y'all can have whatever you want. You can have whatever you want. If you need extra, I give you that too. Oh, I'm gonna tell y'all. You gonna have to pull up, man. I'm just gonna keep it warm. I believe so. I believe so, Joe.


I believe so. Hey, lemme tell you something. You know about Florida, right? You know Florida the open carry state? Yeah. Okay. And I, I'm in Florida and I got, I'm gonna carry. Okay. Alright. And I ain't talking about no, I ain't talking about no cooler either. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm I'm just making sure You know, before you, before you All right. Don't worry about it. All right. Hey, hey, let me, why You know what? I'm gonna auction off one of these. Nah, no. Wait, we are you auction off your don't auction off mine. I, I said one of them. I gotta have something to give my kids. Hey, as a matter of fact, let me go ahead and put mine on the shelf.


Hey, You know what? One thing about it, they sure take you for a joke, man. Let go ahead and put that uniform on and let You know. He, he quick to holler about somebody taking it for a joke. A, a joke, Joe. He gonna be eight months. Man, I think it been longer than that. I ain't trying to be, yeah, I seen it, but man, I'm talking about, I been hearing about this 5,900. I don't know how long. Hey, I supposed have got my money in New Orleans. Hey listen, I need my awards. I weeks give you, you got two weeks. That's it.


Hey, well you have come get it. You come get it. Hey, that ain't a problem. Ain't no problem. Ain't Problem. You know what I'm gonna do? Hey, ain't no problem. I come get it. I I'ma send it to the old address. Can I just go ahead and send it to the old address? What's The old address? The old address where I used to send all the other stuff? Nah, That nah nah, nah, nah, nah. Don't don't do that. Don't do that. Yeah, don't do that. Yeah, don't do that. Canelo Alvarez and Terrance Bud Crawford had a heated face off today. Checking this out guys. What Don't you, it's Gonna what you think?


What you thinking? Don't Joe, Joe, listen, It is going be a good one. It's gonna, it is going to be a good one. One thing I like about Crawford mentality is mental. He has that it factor, that it factor that you can't teach. I don't care who you are. You know I'm gonna get in now I'm gonna do what I'm supposed to do. Now the thing is, we talk about Canelo. Canelo one of the greatest fighters of all time, but so is Crawford. But there's weight classes for a reason. There's weight classes for a reason. Either way it go, I don't know what the outcome of this, this fight is going to be, but I'm going for Crawford. I could tell you that as much as I love Canelo, I'm going for Crawford, I'm going for the underdog in this fight. Obviously, I think depending on who you ask, Canelo would be the overwhelming favorite. But going for CR Crawford just because in this situation, the fact that he believes he could win.


But that goddamn power on, yeah, that power going Up through weight classes, man. Because he going from 1 47 to 68. So he's going from junior, he going from a a, a junior well to weight all the way up to a super middle. Yeah. Man. Hey, Talking about Bud, bud going up. Yeah. Yes. Yeah man. Yeah. That's a, that's gonna be challenging in itself. But Ocho so he, he skipped, he skipped Junior middle at 1 54. Yeah, skip middle weight at one 60, going straight to 1 68. Super. Yeah, I know what it is. He trying to get to it, man. He trying to get your money out. He not playing. He know he head on. He know for him to get a great fight, he's gonna have to go up. Yeah. Because it ain't really nobody at the lower class.


I mean he already, he beat Earl, Earl Spence. That was the fight that everybody wanted to see. One to see. Yeah. So ain't really nobody and he like, he's like, You know, fighting boots or somebody else at 1 47. I thought that, You know, I had what I talked to him. I said, you didn't think about, he's like, there ain't nobody at 1 54 for me. Yeah. Everybody at, at 1 60, 1 68 and above. Yeah. Yeah. I I like it. I like it. I like it. I just, And that's the biggest fight out. That's the biggest fight out there. That's the name. Canelo. We know what Canelo is. Yeah. Cash Cow baby. Cash Cow. Biggest pay be the biggest payday of your life. Who you Got? I'm going with Bud. Okay. Alright. I wanna say I wanna see him do it. I like to see, I like when, see I like when guys go up and challenge themselves.


Yeah. Yeah. You know, I, I'm old enough to remember when Roy went up, Roy went up and, and took the heavyweight belt from Ruiz. Yeah, yeah. Now it robbed him because now he had to strip all that down and he had to strip muscle to come back down and fight Tar. Yeah. And he was never the same after. He should have just stayed. You know, hindsight is magnificent science. But I like when guys, when guys go up way. Yeah. I mean I, he got the skill, he got the skillset to do it. He Has. Yeah. But Buck can fight now. Buck Can fight. He got the mentality needed to do it. You know. Don't, don't sit there and brawl now. Yeah, because He take Gotta go the Box. You gotta get in and out. I'm with. You gotta go in the inbox. Yeah. But Bud don't take a lot of punishment. You know, he, he's a pretty smart box.


And for me, if I'm a betting man, I, I'm putting my money on Bud as well. Same thing with Sugar Ray. When Sugar Ray went up, You know, sugar Ray went up from, well, 47 to 60 to tr challenge. Marvin Haggler at the middle way. Yeah, boy, they, them boys used to be getting down back then. Oh, they, oh, the four Horsemen. Well they actually, the Four Kings. It was Hearns, Haggler, sugar Ray and Duran. Yeah. And then sometime they say the filthy guy was Iran Barkley. But that was, that was the, that was the glory day. Ain't nobody ducked nobody. You couldn't, nah. You know, back in the seventies it was the heavyweights in the eighties it was the, it was the middleweight. And You know, in the nineties, guys fought, guys fought back then. Yeah. Now Floyd came along and made the, made the, the under the oath the most popular thing.


And nobody wants to blemish. Right. You absolutely right. So you got guys going two or three years before they fight again. I'm like damn. Or fighting somebody fighting somebody that don't, nobody really care to see them fight. And then they wonder why boxers losing. Right. People like UFC because they ain't gonna let you duck. Nobody. Man the best gonna fight the best in the UFC. Yeah. Yeah. That's just the way it is. Ain't know you ain't picking ish. Y'all going Daniel, like I got this. Go ahead Joe. Y'all going to the fight. If you wanna go, I'll go. Okay. All now. Ocho. What's up? Oh shoot, I gotta finish his pool, bro. I ain't shit this.


Nah, he can't go, Joe. How you gonna go? You Think you Finn to go side be O me? $5,900 Y. Yeah. Go get it bud. Hey, it be me and him in this fight. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Huh? There'll be a fight in the ring or a fight in the, in the stands. Hey, Hey uncle. You don't want, Hey I'll fo I'll fold you up if we had a fight though. Huh? Hey, hey Joe. I'll fold unc up like a lawn shelf, Joe. Hey no bullshit man. Oh Joe, just gimme my, why you won't get, just gimme my money man. Listen Man, You know how I feel about you. I ain't gotta love you baby. I'm gonna give you money now. Come On now. You said that last year. Where you in This year?


Damn, it's almost gonna be a year. Huh? Ah, yeah. God damn. What? Shit. Hey Ocho. That's what I said. Ocho back in the day, man. Hey boy. Been to slit Your been to slit your throat behind something like that, man. You Not, not really. 'cause I'm like Omar from the Wire. Don't Nobody, Hey you in in the gambling house. In the gambling house, man. You been dead. Hey Yeah, he know that. Hey, hey, hey Joe. Hey Joe. I told you bro. I'm like Omar from the Wire man. Don't nobody want No, ain't nobody want no problem. Black Wouldn't, I didn't want, I, I don't want no problem. I just, You know, I just want my, I just want my partner to just to pay up. That's all I Got you. I can, I get my wars. Hey, You know what that mean when somebody say they got you. What? They ain't got you.


Hey, hey. One thing about it though, Joe. Hey, as long as You know, I as long, as long as I owe you one thing about it, it's a nice Award too. O Joe. You never go broke. Huh? It's a nice award. Yeah, It is. It it look real good. I I I would love to show my daughter I would love French Fry. Would love to see what her daddy accomplished. Yeah. You know, my other kids, all my kids home, You know, scoop, You know. Well, I tell you what Huh? You or mama can FaceTime me and I'll show it to her. Say, look, hey French fry, look what your daddy got. It's all good. And you got and you got two weapons coming. Appreciate that. Appreciate. No, matter of fact, hey I met the, I'm not sure his name, the per the, the, whoever runs the Webby puts the whole show together.


I met, I met the top, the the boss Boss? Yeah. I met him. Cool. Very cool. Very cool. We had a great conversation as well. He, he was, yeah. Dope, dope. Yeah. OI mean that's, I don't think that's asking too much. Is it? O Joe Aint he ain't asking too much man, Joe. Ain't, he ain't asking much. You know, y'all, I'm gonna take care of you man. I'm gonna take care of you. I think he Travis Hunter, go ahead Joe. What you gonna say? I'm just saying you tired of hearing that, but go. Hell, I'm I am I Travis Hunter officially signed four year contract. Oh my bad. I don't like the way y'all trying to double team me. I don't like that Because you old. Oh shit man. Yeah, I, I, I was finna tell y'all to get it in blood, but I, I ain't trying to go that route, so.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that was what I was hoping you said. I was, I was waiting for that Joe. Yeah, Travis hard officially signed his four year contract, 46.65 fully guaranteed today his 30.57 million signing bonus paid entirely upfront. Sets a new record making him the first non quarterback, not drafted first overall to receive his entire signing bonus up front.


Mm. That's laugh. That, that's dope. I'm, I'm happy. I'm happy for him. I'm happy for him. I just, I just, not only am I happy for him, I'm happy for Jacksonville that city Duval. Yep. Duval. Yeah. If he, if he's able to replicate what he did in college and bring that same excitement, same excitement to the NFL. Once he gets it and figures it out on both sides of the ball, He gonna turn Duval upside down. Ain't, And listen, he gonna turn the, he gonna turn the NFL upside down, You know. Oh, I'm, I'm, I'm excited. Talent you like better at DBA receiver Db.


I like, I like I, because I think it's easy for you to build a package yet. I think it's easy. It's harder OCHO I think to do DB stuff, sparkly, You know what I'm saying? Ocho? Yes sir. Yes sir. I Think you can come in and You know, you, You know, you play DB and then they come and say, Hey look, we need you a couple of package here. We need you in a red zone situation. We need you in a two minute situation. But Ocho you've been playing wide receiver and then all of a sudden they put, throw you out there db and people don't understand it, bro, the gap between college and pro is bigger than the gap between high school and college.


Oh Yeah. Yeah. And I think he's phenomenal. He's a phenomenal talent. Yeah. But bro, those guys at that next level, I'm telling you, they waiting. Yeah. That boy got some ball skills though, man. Dang. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. For sure he does. Oh, he bro, the way he can track the ball. Yeah, that's what his instincts, his instincts, man. He got what you just can't teach. Yeah. He got God-given ability that you just can't teach. Absolutely. And it's probably, they probably gonna do him kind of like how Cowboys did time, but he played Yeah. Played that DB and then come in there for offense on a, they got him a nice little package.


Boy, they were mean back then. Boy, They were nice. So yeah, I, IIII think that's what I, that's what I would, that's what I would do. I think the thing is, is that, You know, he kind of wants to do like what he did. You know, I I can go offense and defense full-time. I just don't see that Ocho I don't Yeah, yeah. Full-time is I, ugh, hey on. That's, that's tough. I think that's, that's optimistic. That's wishful thinking. But do I think he can play DB full time and have an assortment of packages, right? Plays for the offense? Yeah, I do. Ocho Yeah. OBJ says that he would give up his ra his ram Super Bowl ring if it meant he could go back and win a Super Bowl in New York.


I never wanted to leave. OBJ really wanted to be a giant forever. Amen. Hey, he, he was on a unbelievable trajectory. Yeah. Let me see with him first three, four years on was, yeah, his First four years was off the chart. Hey, he was special. You know, I i I wish he, I wish he would've stayed. They have a problem getting rid of players that are extremely good. OOBJ Saquon, I mean Yeah. Couldn't have been that bad. Whatever it was, whatever the reason was for him, You know, leaving couldn't have been that bad based on what you get on the field, man.


Oh nigga. O Odell was one of them during that time, but if the game coming on at one o'clock, you wanna make sure you in your seat at 1258. 'cause I ain't missing nothing when the Giants Yeah. I, I think, You know, it didn't help. You know, they made the playoff that year and then they go to Miami where they gonna be playing in Green Bay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. And You know, he was the veteran on that team. Yeah. And You know, You know, it, it is stuff like that, You know, all, You know, look, sometimes when, when, when a team or someone's looking to get out of something, they'll look for any reason and don't you help 'em. Right. Don't you give them a reason Ocho to part ways with you Right. Or to want to get you out of there. Maybe they thought he was a negative influence.


I, I don't know. Like I said Right. I don't really know a whole lot of people in the Giants organization. So, and if I did, I really wouldn't wanna speak to that situation. I just said sometimes when you want things, you wanna be somewhere you probably need to behave and act like you really wanna be there. Right. And not like where you can take it or leave it. Right. Because more times than not, these teams, they've let great players go all the time. We've seen it. Yeah. If you give 'em a reason, you give 'em a reason, they get you up out there. They, they absolutely will. So, but I don't know, I don't know if OJ OO BJ's gonna play anymore. I don't know if he wants to play anymore. I, I don't know. And it is just that Ocho when you start bouncing around and you, especially coming off the injuries, two acls, You know, two acls, he broke his leg, he dealt with a, a shoulder issue.


You know, as you start bouncing around let every year it's a different team ocho it's just a matter of time. Yeah. It's just a matter of time injury start. Like I said, I wish he could have stayed healthy in that Super Bowl. 'cause I really thought the Rams was gonna be a place for him to, I thought the Rams would be a perfect place for him. Yeah. Because Sean McVay knew how to get in the ball. He had a quarterback that could get in the ball. It was oof. He was playing well. Could've been special. I thought he was playing well in that Super Bowl. He was balling. Oh, he, oh, he Was cutting. He was cooking. He was cooking. He was cooking. He absolutely was. Oh Joe, we got some sad news today. News broke today that the man behind your viral sideline.


Yeah. Hotdog moment in 2009. Ron Monroe lost his long fight with cancer this weekend. Yeah. Man, that, that, that, that's sad. That's sad. Joe. In the middle of a game, middle of a game kid by the name of Ron, he sat in the same seat for every home game. And I forgot who we were playing. I know I had on those gold cleats and Yeah, they, there you go. They go Ron, there you go. Right there. And I, I put up the sign in the middle of the game, You know, I asked him if he can get me a hotdog and man, he went and got me two hot dogs, man. From, You know, from the concession stand Concession. Yeah. And Security brought the hotdog over to me. I I ate the hotdog and wrote back on the, on the, on the board that we are friends now.


And that, that was, that was, that was a dope moment, man. Between him and I did, I, Joe I had two touchdown, one 30 yards. You know, I, well, I always remember that moment, man, dude, dude was, dude was really cool in every home game. Shook hands, gave him gloves and Nah man, I, I was sad. I was sad to see, I was sad to see that tweet today. And I'm, I'm hoping, I'm hoping they to be back when, when the funeral arrangements. When the funeral is. 'cause that's, that's when I will, I will make my way back to Cincinnati for


When you're part of a military family, you understand, sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale? Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create


Now I'd like to Introduce you to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by Iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Meaningful beauty, makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells and encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice. Bragging rights. A cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge Entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


So our thoughts and prayers go out to Ron Monroe's, family, friends and loved ones. Hopefully God give you strength and comfort and your most troubled times. So Ron Moore. Rest in peace. Ron Monroe. Excuse me. Alright, we're gonna get out here on this. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It is time for q and a. Kevin Norwood Jr. Said Ocho iso, what's your most memorable game? Seven moment from any finals. Any finals game. Any finals game? Yeah.


Game seven. Oh you said game seven. Game seven Probably when I was in Brooklyn and we played, we played against the Raptors. Raptors was a three seed or a two seed and we were like a seven seed. We won seven games. Played 'em had game seven in Toronto. That's the loudest place I've ever played in the game. Seven. And we ended up pulling that win out. It was like, man, we had our bags packed for Miami. 'cause whoever won that game was going to Miami to play the heat. And man, that's the only thing we were thinking about. Man we gotta win this game so we can go to Miami. And we won that game seven for sure. Probably game seven.


The Lakers James Worthy, they had a triple double. It was only triple, double, yeah. 36, 10 and 10. And then LeBron game seven against I, I mean game seven against the Warriors, You know, and the, the 2016 finals when he had a triple double and he led all both teams in every statistical category. And then him in game seven against dispersed. I never seen nobody play. How LeBron played in that 2000? I think it was 16 finals. Finals run. Man. The dude was unreal. He was unreal. He was, Hey look, the Warriors had to go get, they had to go get kd, KD just to beat.


Yeah, that's what I said. People always know. I said no they were never gonna, the Warriors as they were assembled then and Kyrie, Kyrie had graduated. Yeah, yeah. Beat him again because they didn't, they couldn't do anything with Kyrie. No sir. They had to go get kd. Boy, if it wasn't so because now you got LeBron and Steph, let's just say they push and now Clay's gonna have to play his absolute best every game. Right. Because they got no answer for Kyrie. None. None. Yeah. That man will be sitting on probably five, six championships if they didn't gonna get kd. They had to, they had to. He was gonna, because think about it, even when Kyrie left, he went to the finals again in 17 and 18.


Man by himself Told him, told them teams bro. That was impressive. He had a hell of a run, man. Big Mike said, I so hope everything's good. I came to see the cook today Ocho, you don't want that smoke. This man 30. Listen Ocho, I put on a mean demonstration homeboy. Yeah, I, I thought, I thought You might, you might, you might, you might wanna stay out this mess. Okay, now Listen, I I saw it. I studied it. I studied, I I see what you do. I know what you like to do. I know what you like to do when you, when you in the block. I, I'm seeing, I seen, You know you post up and You know you, you fade away. You game. You got a nice little bit. You got a nice little bitty, but I know what to do with that.


I know how to stop that. How you stop it? Huh? How you stop it? I mean, I ain't gonna tell you, I ain't gonna give a formula now. I ain't gonna give a formula. But whatever we play, you just gonna know. But God damn boy y'all, He he'll, he'll find out when you don't play. I'm gonna play. Listen, I'm gonna be all in the, I'm gonna be all in this chest. You don't, don't be, I'm gonna be all in your chest. I'm gonna play like we, I'm gonna play like it's back in the eighties. I ain't gonna fire you. I'm just be in your grill. Okay? All yeah. Hey, hey. One thing about it, joke boy, my lateral movement boy is unbelievable. So when you going left and you Think you gonna cross me back, but by the time you look up swiping the ball in my hand Man, come on. Okay. Alright. I ain't, I ain't gonna say no more. Ain't gonna say with no more. I listen, I ain't wanna really do no talking, You know.


Nah, you, you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You talk about you ain't the one do no talk. You do plenty of that. Hey listen, listen. When when you get cooked, You know and then you become a viral sensation because of what I do to you. That's on you. That's on you Tyler g yo Ocho can you bet against us next year too, please Thunder up, thunder up. Good luck charm. Hey Mocho, this, are you a good luck Charm? I said listen, the thunder won 68 games in the regular season. That wasn't no good luck charm. Me betting against him was, wasn't no disrespect to the thunder, You know, y'all were expected to win. Y'all won the underdog, the pace with the underdog and I just chose the go with the underdog. That's all. No disrespect. Congratulations to your team though. Yeah, congratulations.


Tyron said. What's up fellas? How far can the rockets go now that they have Kevin Durant and SGA is the greatest thunder player ever. Already. He is. Oh yeah. There's no doubt about that. He won. Shaa is the best thunder player. He's one of the MVP, just like Russ and kd. He's gotten to the finals and he's won it, so. Yes. Yes. I mean they're gonna probably be what, at worst case scenario, probably the second favorite to come up outta the west. Yeah, they gonna be a top team in the Western college for sure. For sure. The second this year, I can see him at least being top four in the west, but I, I think, I think they got what it takes to get him over the hump, man.


They, they, they got a Bone Cloud score. Yeah. A, a guy who knows his role, he's very efficient and he's gonna bring some excitement to Houston. True. Infamous 73 said it's crazy that Russ, Katie, and Hardin couldn't bring a championship to OKC. Behe. J will and Che could man, the man they had to play against the Miami Heaton, bro. Well, LeBron d Wade Chris, come on. What, what, what y'all want them that LeBron in Miami. That was probably the best LeBron I ever played against when he was in Miami. Yeah. That mi he might, that might have been his best years on Ocho. Like dude was unreal. Especially you got D Wade and Chris bi and a whole huster host of, You know, other guys to help.


But man, the, the Thunder couldn't beat them cats. Even though the thunderwood talented with James Hard. And Russ and kd No, they, they, they, they did not have enough to beat that Miami heat team. No. A dab Smith said cornbread. You was talking all that ish. Quiet to the church mouth. Now I know you hurt. You were spending some Bs last time you came on. Hope. Hope you sleep well. I'm on your head cornbread. I ain't finna let you slide up the take of the shot at me last time making these outrageous tape head look like my left thumb. Sheldon Pope said Iso. Was it hard to get a bucket on Ying Yoki, Noah or Ty or Tyson?


Chandler. Ooh. I would probably say Tyson Chandler. Tyson Chandler was a seven foot one guy, but he moved like a deer. Like he had that Yeah. Slim thin frame and he yeah. Switch out on perimeters. Guard the little guards plus meet you at the rim. He, he was Joe Kim Noy. Joe Kim Noy was a beast as well. I just don't think y'all, y'all done had a foot speed. Y'all was just big. He was just big. He ain't have a foot speed to be able to, to, to keep up. DT said money outta sight calls a fight. Pay up Ocho. Yeah, Ocho pay up.


That's bad man. You got the fan calling you out, bro. Hey Dominique. Lawrence said Ocho went from I can run a four four to I got my four four. That's how you gonna have to keep me up off. Dr. Frankie Elli says, oh, your debate with Jim Jones was funny but had my adrenaline pumping, had me looking for my blood pressure pills. I don't even have high blood pressure. I was ready to come defend. You don't mess with my nah. Look, look, he came, he's saying, look, I'm looking for, he looking for viral moments. He got, he got a project coming out and so anytime the dude could keep his name, I ain't got no problem with jail.


Hey, we were just having fun. Hey, he believed in himself. I get it. I just don't think he's better than Nas right now. He wants to say more influential. Okay. Okay. You influential you can make a case that Iverson was as influential as any player. Right. With the sleeves in the big bag he closed That don't mean he's better than Kobe or better than Jordan. The better than LeBron. Absolutely. Right. So, but I had fun and I want to get, I want him to bring his ass back on here too. So I started out, Hey Cam, he he was, he was beefing with Cam too for a minute.


Was he what Beef beefing about? I'm like, how you beefing with Cam Cam? You, you on record of saying Cam taught you how to rap. So Cam taught you everything. You know, he ain't teach you everything he know. Right, right. He just bad man. Jim, just, Jim just wanted, just wanted, just, just wanted to argue Jim say he outside and said he by himself. He said what's happening? Yeah, but he taught but he talk. But Jim was talking like he 25 and, and and Nas 50, bro. Y'all very close in age. Yeah. Jim say he out here. He out here with the Yans though. He out here with the Yans. He hey.


Yeah, he the godfather of this, but he need to grown up now. It it, he need to come on in. He need to to come on inside with us. The oldest tidy Tuck University iso. Do you watch NFL every Sunday? Because we need you all here during the season. Yeah, I watch NFL man, I'm gonna be locked and loaded. I told you all y'all gotta do hit my line. I'm gonna be ready baby. I'm be ready. Dylan Mitchell said Quick question up. Ocho ISO Joe, who y'all choosing for your best? 11 defense li defensive lineup 11 best defensive lineup. I'm gonna take time at a corner. Oh man. Rod Wilson at a corner.


I'm gonna take Ed Reed at a safety Ronnie lot at safety. I'm gonna take Ray out a middle backer. I'm gonna take Brooks out a outside backer. I'm gonna take Lt. Reggie White. Well, you got mean Aren Donald Bruce Ocho, you got something to combat that? Nah, I like that. But I would, I would, I would take, I would take Ed Reed also, but I would take Ronnie Lott out and I would put Troy Paul Marlow.


Okay. And Troy, You know Troy could play down in that box too. Yeah. And no, no, no disrespect to Ronnie, but Yeah, I, my defense, I don't know. Y nobody might not even score on us. All right guys, I got good news and I got bad news. Good news. I don't know bad news guys. This is OCHO and i's last show for three weeks. Oh hell no. We gonna take a little vacation. We hadn't taken a vacation. I hadn't taken a vacation in a while and I, I need some time, trust me.


And so I'm gonna take, I'm, I'm gonna take mine. I'm gonna spend my time wisely. I'm gonna go, I got a new granddaughter, so I need to go spend some time with her and my grandson. See the kids. Just get some time away because we got a busy fall season coming up Ocho, but, but we got something special for you. So we're not just gonna go dark starting next. So starting tomorrow, right? Is it tomorrow? Starting tomorrow? TJ Hus. Mda And to Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Will be, will run Nightcap for the next four days.


Oh man. That's gonna be dope. Oh hell no. I, I'm, hey. Okay. I'm coming out starting Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. TJ Hu Mazada and to would take over club shaha. Oh man. That's gonna be dope. Nightcap. My bad. I need a vacation. But check this out. We got something. We got something coming even better the following week. What you got for? Oh, the following week. ISO Joe I. Love and friends take over. Okay. Yeah. I got a few people gonna stop by. You know what I mean? I'm put it down while y'all going. Don't worry about it. A just leave everything to me. Everything gonna be in good hands. Y'all ain't gonna, we gonna have no problems. You hear me? Appreciate that. I'm gonna see you. Hundred. I'm gonna see you. That a hundred dollars too, Joe.


All right Ocho. And I'll be back on July 13th. So Ocho, enjoy your time off man, and enjoy time with the family, the kids. Yeah, I'm going home. I'm gonna enjoy time with my family and kids and get back and look forward to getting back. 'cause once we start ocho, You know, hey, we get back. It's gonna be the pre, You know, it's a training camp and then preseason and then once the season start, You know, we don't get another break until next June. Yeah. So enjoy. Guys, thank you so much, man, for being so supportive. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, Liberty City Zone, bingo, ring of Fame honoree, the pro Bowler All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And the third member of our team, university of Arkansas, alum Arkansas. Little, little Rock, Arkansas native. That's iso. Joe. Joe, thank you so much, man. We really, really appreciate, appreciate you. This has been a blast these last two months of having you on here. Matt, it's been great. Thank you, cornbread. Thank you man. We really, really appreciate you stopping by and breaking down the playoffs with us. We look forward to getting you on again soon. Guys, make sure you hit that Nightcap. Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys, thank you, thank you. Thank you for supporting Nightcap, because we can't do anything without you.


It's because of you, your eyes, word of mouth, and your ears that we've been able to grow as well as we have all these awards that OCHO and I have been able to win. And now that Joe has joined, be joining the team. Hopefully we win even more awards because of you. Your support, your continued support is greatly needed and we cannot thank you enough. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll be coming to a city or state near you, trust me. But in the meantime, you can order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The best tastings in premium cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it for yourself. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Please go check out my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media, and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. We have a new a first time NBA champion thanks to a 1 0 3 91 victory over the Indiana Pacers, the OKC Thunders four games. Indiana three wins the NBA championship. Shea is the MVP. He was the MVP of the regular season. He was the Western Conference. MVP. He was finals MVP. And You know, can't do much better than that. So congratulations to the OKC Thunder and their fans. Yeah, Shaa, congratulations guys. Thank you so much, OCHO and I will see you in three weeks.


TJ T Hold it down, Joe. Hold it down, man. No, I got you baby. Peace. Eye. The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus Preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military


Future health weight loss WA ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need wegovy for $399. All in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time, no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus, you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com future without the e Future Health Weight Loss Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed to providers discretion.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like dove ice cream bars, chips Ahoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water, and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restriction supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is an iHeart podcast.