
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar games since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


These days it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit rocket.com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 804 Rocket.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume,


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only on Draftking Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1 8 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once. Not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Yeah, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you guys for your continued, continued and loyal support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock and we can't think of a better way to celebrate the new year and Valentine's Day than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter.


Now if you cannot find it, any city or a state near you, order it and we'll ship it to you. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Check out the clothing company 84 with 84 being smelled out. We just restocked everything. The use the code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've also dropped beanies in new colors as a matter of fact every color. And we've introduced gift cards available from 25 to $50. This takes the guess work out of it and let someone special pick exactly what they want. We have a big drop coming up this week. Make sure you stay tuned to see what that is.


Ocho the Lakers lose big in Utah after dismantling Utah just a few days ago. They lose by 12, 1 31 1 19 snapping the six game win streak. They head into the all star break, 32 and 20. Alex the Lakers side. Alex Lin, seven foot tall, 250 pounds of S. But oh my bad, that was, oh that wasn't what was in there. I just read that just came to me. Right. The Lakers needed much size than physicality, which he did not provide. After the next trade with Mark Williams and the Charlotte Hornets, they weighed Christian Woods to create an open roster spot. He missed a season after recovering from offseason surgery.


But tonight was a tough first start for Alex land who did not do a whole lot. Got some good cardio in. Yeah, other than that, 22 minutes. Two or five, two offensive re So he had seven rebounds to assist one block and three personal fo. Not much. Not much. Not much. It probably just met the team yesterday. The Lakers had no interior presence with help on the court. Nah, loud. The Utah Jazz to shoot 52% from the floor. Lower marketed was 11 of 18. 60 10 from the 3 4 4 from the three throw line. 32 points plus 35 Walker Kessler plus 23. He had 16 points. Jordan Clarkson had 23 points.


He was plus 33 tonight just wasn't it ocho? No, go ahead. And we knew this was gonna be a problem because of the ability to defend. And right now they don't really have guys, you look at the guys, they don't have defensive guys. I don't know why they only allowed unless the Jackson Hayes got hurt. I don't know why he only played seven minutes, but he left the ball game and didn't come back in. He was two or two from the field. Seven points, no, excuse me. Seven minutes with four points. But they can't defend on you. Officer Reeves struggle shooting the three tonight. So did Luca. But Luca's gonna take a while. He's been out almost eight, seven Weeks. Yeah, he's been out for a minute. Yeah, since Christmas. So it's gonna take him a while to get his rhythm back.


But they didn't, they didn't defend. And when you don't defend and you don't shoot the ball, well yeah, you end up going down by 24, 26 points. You end up losing by 12. But the game really wasn't close. Don't let the final score fool you. Right. The game was not this close. Alright. But but listen, the, the Lakers as opposed to the last game as opposed to the last game. The Lakers came out flat. They came out flat, they played very uninspired. Obviously Jack Hayes only getting seven minutes. Having what? Maybe four, four points. Well, but the four six points. Something like, yeah. Yeah. Four points for seven Minutes. Ever since he, well, ever since he was out of the game, I think he's the only defending president that could really be inside the paint and be able to defend to some extent af after that it was just a goddamn layup line basically for, for the Utah jazz Layup and dunk.


How lay, How many lo how many lives did you see? I mean they're throwing logs from out of S man. It it was live city. It was live city. Now also, one of the things you have to notice about this game too, when the jazz played the Lakers, the first time they turned the ball over, I think maybe 18, 19 plus times this game, they were able to protect the ball a little bit more. They didn't have as many turnovers. And obviously with the Lakers coming out as flat as they did and the jazz being efficient as they were from the line. I, I forgot. I think co co had 20, what was it? Why do you say Laurie? Marketing? Yeah, marketing and Young Bull was balling man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Young bull. Young young Bull was balling.


Yeah. He versatile. He can score. He can rebound. He can facilitate. Yeah. Yeah. He, I mean he is been an all star. He's been an all star. We know Jordan Clarks can he heated up with the best of them. Yeah. John Collins had a nice game tonight. 17 points, eight rebounds and assist two blocks. But yeah, you could tell early on Nohow, the way the Lakers came out, they came out really with no enthusiasm. They didn't defend, they didn't attack the basket. They look at the free throws, they Missed 13, They crawl free throw and you're 17 to 30. Yeah. I mean, listen, Luca is gonna take Luca a little minute to get going. To get, yeah. To get his rhythm back. Also re he gonna have games like this. You're gonna have games like this.


It's hard to be on every, every single night. It's hard to be on every single night. And tonight just happened to be one of those nights where he was, he was, No, he had played well he had, Reeves had really played well say the last eight to 10 ball games. He'd been really well, had a, a career high 45 points. And when Luca and LeBron were both out of the game played well the other night when, when Luca first got there. Right. So yeah, he had a down night tonight. He didn't shoot the ball. He ended up with 15 or 11 assists. Did a great job of facilitating, only had one turnover So you could live with that. But he didn't shoot the ball. Well he was one to 10 from the floor. From the three point line. Jackson Hayes left with a facial contusion. Yeah. So that's probably why you got land playing probably more minutes than you really wanted him to play.


Kaloko also got nine minutes, but they just don't have bigs They don't have bodies. Yeah. To really throw at people. And the guys that they throw out there, that's all they're doing. They're throwing out there. Jackson Hayes is really a guy. You don't re I mean none of their bigs you run offense for ocho. Right. They run LOBs, get it off the a you on points, get it off the rim offensive, rebound and put it back in. That's how you gonna get your points. 'cause we're not running anything for you right Now. Obviously. I think if Jackson Hayes is there, he's some type of defensive presence obviously with his length. Yeah. He's tall. And the Lincoln just couldn't seem to keep up with the pace of the jazz had the whole game as A Well they got, they, they, you know what they they they end up taking the lead.


'cause the jazz had a little score, a scoring drop. Right. And that's what happened. You know, it's a game of runs. Yeah. The Lakers got their run and then all of a sudden they like, they, they relaxed wouldn't play any defense and lay up, lay up dunk. Lay up 3, 3, 3, 3, 3. The next thing you know, back in the game is blown wide open. Yeah. But they're gonna have to do a better job. JJ Iss gonna have to find a combination. Look, he's trying to, he's searching right now. Right. The three guys that you know gonna start is probably Reeve Luca and LeBron. We'll see. Mix and match with Jackson Hayes. Probably Ru's gonna be that the, the other guy that starts Right. But Vanderbilt's ooh, ooh. Rough on him tonight bro. Got in at mop up time.


Got him a nine quick points. Hit two threes, one or two from the free throw line. Nice Little floater. Like little float, little float in the pain. He look, he look good. Yeah. He looked very comfortable. Yeah. Looked very comfortable, very po very confident. Especially in the shock selection. Yeah. But that's hard for me to believe that Dwight Howard wouldn't be better than, than than Alex Lynn. It's hard for me to believe that. Hold on, hold on. I ain't saying he gonna be, we don't need Dwight. See, people say about, well you keep talking about Dwight, you don't need Dwight Howard to be Orlando Magic Dwight Howard. Right. He can't, nor should you expect that from him. Right. But what they got co So you can tell me Dwight Howard and can't be better than the colloquial. Really? He can't be better than Alex. Len. Just, that's all we asking.


Be better than that. Not be all NBA. Right. Not be defensive player of the year. Right. Not be that. Right. Just be better than that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I see. I see what you're saying. Okay. I have a question for you then. So how long, obviously you have the All Star break coming to right now. How long has Lakers figured out, how long has the JJ figures out what PCC need to be able to contend each and every night? Well, You're not contending this, this team, this, this roster is not built to contend. Okay. It all depends on who you get in the first round. Matchup. Right. You, Mike can steal you. Mike can steal, I mean, Luke and LeBron. Mike can steal it. But that's as far as you going. Right. You're not beating in the team to have the, you're not going, you're not gonna be OKC not, not with this. Right. You're definitely not gonna, you and, and you what, what you gonna do with Yolk?


Now Jamal Murray went crazy tonight. He had 55. Yeah. Yolks had a quiet night. He say, Jamal, I've been carrying, you know, I've been doing what I do handle That for, and You go ahead and take it over. And he dropped 55 and everybody knows j Jamal me can get hibachi hot. Yeah. And he got that tonight. Right. But no, they're not, they're not, they're not, they're not really, you know, doing anything. Not with this roster. Now, like I said, LeBron and Luca could probably get hot and can steal you a a a a series. But after that, that's where the buck stops. They're not, they're not good enough to really do anything. They don't defend at a high enough level right now. They can control the clock. They control the, the pace of the game. Both of these guys with the ball in their hands can control it.


But I just don't, I just don't see enough on the, on the defensive end. Right. Because at the end of the day, it still comes down to defense win championships and they don't have nearly enough. So damn they going to the break on the loss. But they had won sixth straight. So they win last six or seven and 1 31 to one 19. They have to be pleased at 32 and 20 a lot better than what they were last year at the Allstar game. We'll see what they do. Lucas get some time off. LeBron is the only one going to the All-Star game. So it'd be interesting to see what the guys do with their time going into the break. But I ain't like what I saw tonight.


I ain't gonna even lie to you. I ain't gonna even hold you on that ocho I ain't like what I saw tonight. And listen, it, it's, it's so funny how the game of basketball works. Listen, you play, you play two, three nights ago, however, however many nights it was, you come back, you play the exact same team, exact same personnel, and you come out completely flat. You look completely different turnovers. You did turnover. They did turnover. Where did turnover? Turnover. And they didn't get back. Nobody got back. They loafing like, ah babe, I ain't getting no foul. And they, they moping and you know, I wish LeBron would stop doing that. 'cause sometimes, you know, he turns the ball over, he doesn't get a call. Right. That he thought he should have got bro, get back. He chip and he don't, he lagging back.


Yeah. And then they bust a three. Well you, you gotta understand now he, he's a little older in age now, you know, having, having a shoot back down that court every time a ball is turned over when you, when you No, I ain't say I ain't a, all I'm saying is don't walk. Okay. Okay. I, I ain't, I ain't saying you gotta be Speedy Gonzalez, but just don't walk. Just don't walk. Gimme a gimme a little bit more effort because the guys are looking Right. You can't miss a shot. Get mad. They didn't call a foul. Right. Mope down and then shortly show Of team happened. Transition. Yeah. Yeah. I got you. I got you. Brandon Ingram declined $160 million with the Pelicans. Right. Only to accept $120 million with the Raptors. But listen, I have a question, huh?


Yeah, I don't. In what world, Chad? Y'all stay with me real quick. Now. I don't know in what world where it's that bad. Will you leave $40 million on the table and choose to go somewhere else? You ain't nobody finna see and tell me. Listen, I just up, I just left New Orleans for a week. 6, 6, 7 days straight. You ain't even finna tell me. Based on what I saw in that wonderful city culture, the people, the food, the architecture, the history That you, you ain't playing basketball. That You don't wanna be there. You ain't playing basketball. Well, the devil is a lie. Huh? Who You just saw Tyreek. You just saw Tyreek complain making 32 million in Miami with all that water, with all that nice weather with all the women down there.


He complaining. Now you wanna try again? Now wait a minute. Now. Now listen that now that's apple to oranges. You talking about two different scenarios. You talking about a Tyreek Hill that just came off a season that was nothing like, like he felt it should have been. You had a quarterback that gotten hurt. He wasn't getting the ball like he felt he should. He was frustrated. Stay with me. He was frustrated about, for one not putting up the numbers. He, he should two, not getting the ball the way he should. And three, he got in front of that camera before he cooled down. That's called number rule number one. After the game, you make sure you go take a shower and calm down before you say anything you shouldn't say before you get in front of that camera. Now you're not finna tell me that in New Orleans is that bad?


Even if you do play the game of basketball to the point where, you know what? I'm not coming. I'm not coming back here. I'm not signing here. I'm gonna leave 40 million on the table. I'm gonna go somewhere else and play for 120. Not going somewhere else. He went to Canada, he went to another country because he wanna win. You say frustration. Who wants to be there? You see Zion, you, you think Zion wanna be in New Orleans? I mean, it Is. I mean an hold on. Did Anthony, did Anthony Davis wanna be in New Orleans? So I'm just trying to figure out the, the players that they've had that wanted to be there. You say you can't understand why Eddie? Because I wanna win. I can't win there.


Well, listen, but you know what the onus that's, that's on management, management needs to make, make it a place, some kind of way, some shape way. Film form or fashion where people want to come. He ocho you need to do what you need to do because Ocho See it's great for you Ocho, if you a tourist, I'm trying to win. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I ain't goddamn tourist. I'm from New Orleans. I'm from I'm You a tourist. You go down there for a couple of days, you get to eat the food. You get to get. But I'm saying these guys gotta live it. Yeah. They wanna win. Okay. I got, that's not con And New Orleans is not conducive for winning. It's okay. Got you. It's not a knock on the city.


I got you. But Who, but lemme ask you a question. What big time Fred decided with New Orleans? I Wait, you just said take your time. Tell we got time. We just getting started. Hold on. Tell the big time Fred decided with New Orleans. Okay. I I, I I understand what you're saying. I understand what you're saying, but you didn't hear what I said. First. The onus was on management, creating an environment where people want to come to, you know, there was a time where people didn't want come to the heat. You know, there was the, they Always wanted to come to the, first of all, whoa, whoa. Wait, wait. First of all, finish how many big, the only thing you traded for Jimmy Butler. I mean, you got Jimmy and LeBron was, LeBron was, but LeBron ended up being a trade. He did 'em a solid. Right. They didn't get kd they didn't get no big other free agents. Yeah. So while you over there huffing public talking about coming to Miami, where, when, who, Let me, let me finish.


Lemme finish. Okay. There was a time where nobody wanted to come to Cincinnati. You know that. Oh, don't nobody have a problem. They Still don't, Man, stop playing. Y who, What big time prayer did y'all got? All of 'em want to come? I said they want to come. Who? The timing hasn't been right for them too. Don, you said they they want to come. Ooh, I'm just Telling you. And I'm not an owl. I don't sit on no tree. I can't turn the head all the way around. Oh, listen to It. Listen to me. The big, the big free agents that, that had been at that, that have been available. You, you listen to me. That's where they wanted to go. They just didn't say anything public. And it didn't work out in their favor. Why didn't they go? I just told you it didn't work out in they favor. Why money? Oh, So you, so in other words, they want to go to Cincinnati knowing they're not gonna get paid.


Knowing Mike Burn has been cheap, knowing the Bingos have been cheap. The entire, the entire existence. Well, I'm, I'm there. Really? I'm just, I'm just telling you now. Listen. Who, who, who's, who's the owner? Who's the owner in New Orleans? Huh? Who's the owner? The, the Pelicans. Ms. Gail Benson. Mr. Benson. Wait, Gail, miss Gail Benson. The husband died. Orleans Saints. Gail? Yes. Oh, that man. That's the girl. You for real? Yeah. Man, I, man, I gotta, no, I gotta talk to Ms. Benson. I gotta talk to Ms. Benson. 'cause listen, what I saw in New Orleans, there's no reason why two things can coexist. The pens having a winning, a winning mentality. And it all starts at the top to go along with the goddamn city that is winning itself.


I know for the hell I saw the past week. I was out there. I told you I'm from the seventh Ward. I'm from uptown now I'm from uptown. Matter of fact, you want to go with me in in March For what? Uptown. Uptown Super Sunday? No. Well, I, lemme ask you a question. Ocho up to me. How many big times Fred just signed with the hou? The Atlanta. Oh, you was in Atlanta. Oh, nice. Hey, that's a place to be. Ain't it though? How many big times for basketball? Fred just signed there.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's Dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime Credit Builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay. And get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better Credit Home Loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank NA or Stride Bank NA SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito Cohiba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Dear yes, my love, will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate? Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times, yes. I will always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members Get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes extra. Other restrictions may apply.


Hey, they don't have a winning how they they don't have a winning environment. Huh? They have a winning city though. The aesthetics are very pleasing outside of the arena. I could tell you that. I don't go that often. I'm just telling you what somebody told me. I ain't telling you what I know. I'm telling you what I heard. Atlanta's a beautiful place, huh? So the man So is Houston. What is Houston? What do you consider Houston. Huh? Yeah. I like Houston. Okay. I know you like Houston. I'm talking about the, the environment. The team, They're, they're young. They're up and coming. I love what I may is doing with that team. The Sung Goon was an all star. I like, I like Jalen Green. Yeah. I mean the guy is 20, 22 years of age 89 balling out.


They got, they Ruman Thompson. They got a nice young squad. Right? Right. They got a nice young squad. Probably need one more veteran, you know, van Flea? I like Van Flea. I like Brooks. They get after you. They play hard night in and night out. They had a little rough patch. Yeah. Where they lost about five or six games in a row. But you can deal with that. I I, I think they're gonna be just like the, the Texans. The Texans are gonna be a place that you got a quarterback. You got Nico Collins. You got DCO Ryan, who has a great defense. You see, they got the nail hunter. They got Will Anderson Jr. They got Stingley Jr. Right. They got some nice pieces. They got some nice pieces.


They do. There are a few players away. They were labeled a little Larry Tonsil. Yeah. The problem that they had is that Bill O'Brien ruined it when he trade a damn running back for a, a all pro wide receiver. Where the hell they do that at? Right. I never understood that. And then they had, you had the situation with Deshaun, you had a situation with Dessan. Right. And we don't need to get into it, but we know what happened. Yes sir. And that kind of set him back for a year or two. But they were able to get cj, CJ look, CJ looks to be what he's supposed to be Oh yeah. A little down year this year. Yeah. But I expect him to bounce back and play better next year. We'll see what they do. They lost a lot of their receiver tank.


Dale got injured. Stefan digs got injured. But I love the edition of Joe Mixon. There are a couple of pieces away. They're gonna be right back. They're gonna be right back in the mix. Yeah, absolutely. But I think that's the thing that, listen, Brandon Ingram did not make this decision, didn't take this decision lightly, right? It wasn't No. Oh, oh man. Okay, fine. Right. He had been sitting there for an extended period of time. Oh, yes sir. And he realizes, he said, first of all, the guy that y'all wanna build this thing around, he can't stay healthy. Now, for the most part, Brandon Ingram hadn't stayed healthy either. So let's be all the way with that. Yes sir. So he, I mean, hey, I understand he looking at Zion and Zion can't stay healthy, but Brandon Ingram missed a lot of time also.


And, and, and, and Pelican fans. Y'all know that. So it was like, man, let me go ahead and bounce. He like, I go to a, a, a team, you know, they got Scotty Barnes. I like Scotty. They got that. I mean, look, 40, I hate calling the man last name 40 me, but Huh? How you leave 40 men on the table? Oh, come on now. What are we doing? Look, oh, see the make mistake that I made a lot of times is that I put myself in that situation. You can't put yourself in that situation. You wouldn't have but, oh, money can't buy happiness. The man ain't happy.


Listen, Money can't buy you happiness. But you know what Money can buy you. It can buy you time. It, well he has it Can, it can buy you time. He done bought a hat all the time he want to spend in there. Boy, you know what? Hey, I love look at, look at what you call him. Look at what's the guy name. Talk to me. Okay. Look at Melinda Gates. Bill Gates worth 200 billion. 200 billion. Yeah. She said, I'm gone. Baby goes what? I'm gone. You know what I don't even like, But you said money can buy happiness. I don't even like the fact that you bought that up. I'm just saying listen, the fact that we have billionaires in this world, the fact that we had billionaires in this world, and one of the things with little girls growing up, they're taught you got find you someone that's able to provide and, and provide you with stability.


If Bill Gates and a few other billionaires that I named not too long ago on one of the shows, have not been able to keep a woman happy long term. They just, they just have it. What, at the end of the day, O Joe, what, what chance do us normal folks have? Huh? Well, you gotta be happy Ocho you make it seem like it's all of the women or men get divorced too. Men leave relationships. I ain't never seen. No, I ain't not. What? Don't, don't do that. When the last time you seen a a, a man initiated divorce. I ain't seen, I ain't seen it in a very long time. More, more time, more times than not. It's the, it is the woman I initiating. Right. But it's the woman that's also getting fed up. Right. With Yeah. With, So, right. Right. So it is not something that she tell shit.


Women don't haphazardly do things. Women are very methodical. Very, they're very thoughtful. They're not just rushing out. They're not See a guy, see a guy will leave a great woman for a fine thing. They know how women think. Mm. Women don't think like that. Right. Women are very methodical. Mm. Women are very meticulous. Mm. When a woman, when a woman leaves a man and they've been in a relationship for, for an extended period of time. Hold On. Now she's had it up to here. Right now. You notice I said here. Right. Because when she had it up to here, she stays right when she get to here.


Right. Also, what you need to understand too, uncle, you gotta think about this. When a woman is sped up before she gets to here and she's right here, all, all her checks, all her checks and ducks gotta be in a row. All her, I gotta be dotted and all her t's gotta be crossed before she gets to here so she can exit. The plan has to be played out completely. She can't leave until she knows exactly what plan B is. Yeah. And they gonna execute itself because you can't leave and then be dead in the water. Which is why No, when you talk, when you talk, when we talk about billionaires and their wives and marriage and divorce, you notice they always take half with 'em, right? Yeah. I mean a lot of times it's like, look, look, look here. I ain't taking half 'cause because neither one of them had prenups.


Right. So theoretically they coulda got a big old chunk. They coulda got bought what they got right now, 40, 50 billion. They ain't nothing to laugh at. Yeah. But I think the thing is, a lot of times and when, when women, women already see women will already told you what they're unhappy about and you know, fix it. Right. We don't, we don't, we ain't listening. Yeah. Yeah. Going About and then like, man, I don't know what happened. Well, she kind of told you. Yeah. And she dropped breadcrumbs. Not only did she tell you she dropped breadcrumbs that made a loaf. Oh. Over time. But you didn't hear it. You made the loaf over time now. Yes. You ain't got the deal. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Talk to me First. First. Overall pick Markel.


Foltz is back in the NBA. Hey FO has agreed to a contract with the Sacramento Kings. The 26-year-old guard has spent first half of the season without a deal following an ex expiration of his rookie contract extension in summer of 24. He could see early playing time as the squad tries to fill the boy park guard left by the Aaron Fox who is traded to the Spurs. Will Foltz ever be able to show why he was the former? No. No. You've never wait. Is it it that, that, that, that that that that ship is sailed. Is it here? Is it still here? What if what if, what if here is fixed now? I think that's the barrier. He couldn't get past. Hold On. Mentally. Didn't they take him over Jason Tatum?


They took him over Jason Tatum. He was Like that though. Never forget he was like that. What the reason Ocho he took him more that hit him is based on what he showed Ocho that shot. You don't normally take a guy with that, with a, with a shot that looked that that defective the, the the mechanics. Right. Come on, Ocho. I mean we can't, we can't talk about it. You're more times than not. Ain't nobody listen. No matter how good he is. I don't believe a number one receiver is going over going number one overall as a body catcher. Right. You gotta be able to pluck the ball. You gotta be able to play in traffic. Right. You gotta be able to transition. So if you got that many flaws, number one overall, I mean, listen number, listen, shots can be fixed.


Lethal shooters right there down the street. He's not too far. You get with him in the off season. If it, if it, if it's that big of a problem. Hell, Sean Marion remember his shot? He wasn't first. Overall though. I I, and See that's the thing. I'm, you take a guy like that, you take a guy like 15, 16, you think about it, you take a guy number one, overall, he's supposed to be franchise changing. He's supposed to be LeBron Shaq. That's what he akeem. Right. Wi a Wil Kareem Magic Johnson. That's what they're supposed to be a Dwight Howard. Right. Franchise altering. Wasn't that Ai?


I have a, I have a question based on what just Yes. Folks coming outta college. You didn't, you didn't think once he got we was going he gotta be Fran franchise changing based on the film that he put up in college. Well, I looked at him. I mean, he was like a hit. He was a lot of hit to miss. But I I was just always leery right of that Shot. Okay. Yeah. It just concerned me. It did you think somebody would've took Sean Merriman number one overall? He would've Had No, he don't Hold, hold on, hold on. He would've bad. He would've had to be extremely dominant. In other, in other, he was, He was an authentic defender. Yeah. Also, I mean he Turned himself into he with that shot, he turned himself into a decent shooter can make threes.


Yeah. But he could defend. He could rebound. But it, I just, I it's just hard. No was ugly. Too much time has passed for him to, to live up to what he was, where he was selected Supposed to Be. Right. The slot that he was selected as right? No, he, he not living up to that. Now can he, hopefully he can have a a, a a a serviceable career. Right. Moving forward. Oh, Joe, he was out of the League. League. Yeah. He was outta the league for first half of the season. What, what, what guy, you know, that's outta the league for first half of the season, all of a sudden comes back and, and, and you're like, well you know what, hey, we sure made a mistake on him. Right. Dumb. It doesn't happen like that. Right. I mean it's Wait, listen, the pop, he comes back and makes a difference.


He feels in that role in sack, that Dar Darien Fox, dein Dein fox leaves and he can come in and be efficient and be somewhat, if not what we thought he would be. Be some cloaks to it. Right. And, but here's the thing. You can have a quirky shot ala Ben Simmons. Yeah. But normally you need to be 16. Ben Simmons was an all NBA defender. Right. He was a Oh, he was a a a an all star. Yeah. Six 10 could handle the ball. But you see eventually that caught up with it. Yeah. Because he became afraid to shoot the basketball.


You see, I can't teach you how to shoot if you are afraid. See, I can't teach you how to swim if you are afraid. If you are afraid of the water, you can't learn how to swim. You hear you. So you heard what you just said. Ben Simmons was scared to what Mark had. Shoot, he became scared to do also. What? So guess what that starts from? Well he, he's scared to go to the basket because he didn't wanna get fouled. He didn't want to get fouled. Yeah. This is a contact sport. It's a physical game. How could you Knock? Well now I, now I'm gonna send you to the free throw line. Oh, So you don't wanna again. Yeah. See, guess, guess where that starts at? Yeah. Mentally they already, they they already, they're already beat mentally before they even get to the game.


So you can't even hit the game freely because there are certain parts of your game you don't want to get exposed. Yeah. I just, I you lose Before you even play. I just thought Ben Simmons didn't work hard enough on this game. If hard. 'cause I see guys look at Officer Reeves. Yeah. Officer Reeves has gotten better and better. An undrafted free agent has gotten better and better and better and better. But it's hard for a guy to not to get, to not get incrementally better. Right. If he or he doesn't work on something. I have A question. Think you ought To get you Ocho I'm not saying you fitting to ta. I'm not fitting to say the guy about to be Michael Jordan or Kobe. Right, right, right. But you can get better. Go back and look at Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons didn't get the better and nothing offensively.


As a matter of fact the number went down. Also the two, comparing the two. Austin Reeds has no choice but to get better. Austin Reeds had no choice but to improve also, Reeb is already behind the eight ball general as a basketball player. Ben Simmons. What? Six What? How tall is Ben Simmons? Six 10. Six 10. Put the ball on the floor. Sure. He can't shoot that. Well he can defend. So there's a difference that Officer Reeds having to bust his ass to get to the point where he is at right now. He has to work. Oh, see what you saying? He Has to work you what you said. So Ben Simmons came in as the number one pit and fell that, you know what, I ain't got bust my ass. Exactly. Exactly. Which is, which goes to my point. Right. It's hard not to get incrementally better. Better. Right. If you work at something, You know another, If I can't, if I only collect one can a year ocho in 50 years, I'm gonna have 50 cans.


Right. As opposed to not collecting any, I go two or three years and don't collect any. Guess what I'm gonna have nothing. Nothing. Yeah. And all And that's the thing. And Ben, you it's hard for me. There is no we way six foot 10, man. Listen, man Can handle the ball can defend, he can defend like four or five positions. He can guard a, a smaller point guard. He can guard a two or three or four. When, when I look at Ben Simmons, I know Chad don't get on me like this, but I see Ben Simmons, he should have been Jason Tatum before Jason Tatum. He should Have, he should have been LeBron. He should have been a bigger LeBron Magic Johnson. 'cause that's what he was, he's a point guard and then he's a six foot 10 point guard and he could Facilitate it like crazy.


Yes. Yes. That's what he should have been. Yeah. I mean And he can defend. Yeah. I mean that that, that's crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy. Some of the biggest busts of all time in NBA history. And we use that term when we say bus, obviously you get to the NBA, there's a success. Oh yeah. But when you are the first over pick, you're supposed to be franchise altering. Anthony Bennett, Ooh Lord have mercy for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Greg Oldin. Greg Oldin I think would've been successful had his knees not give out On him. Yeah. The injuries. Right. Right. The injuries. Yeah. My homeboy from Savannah Pervis Ellison, his knees gave out on him.


Mark Ke spoke, think he had a knee injury and a shoulder injury. He tried to change his shot but it just didn't work. But I wish the young man the best of luck. He can't be no more than what? 26, 27 tops because he gotta be like the same age or 26. So he still a hopefully young fella can get a couple of, get a couple years stick, get an opportunity, get some playing time. Because I've seen him, I've seen him, you know, have good games. Right. Just not consistent. I mean him seeing him, I think I far one game he had a triple double had like 20 something.


But Playing at the pro level, being a starter, it's all about consistency. Yeah. That's what it's about. Because any guy on a give any of those 450 players on a give night, lemme take that back. Not not the top. Let's just say the top 75 players, we know what they can do. Right. But the other two 50 can give you hell on a given night. Yeah. The problem is they can't be consistent like the other 75, the top 75 can. Right. That's what separates go. It's all about consistency. The restaurants that do the best, best, what are they? They consistent consist the service quality of the food.


Yeah. The hospitality consistency. Yeah. That's what it's all about. Travis Kelsey isn't ready to make a decision on retirement. Follow the Chief Super Bowl loss to the Eagles and Super Bowl 59. Speaking on the, speaking on his new Heights podcast. Kelsey said he's kicking everything down the road as it relates to deciding on his NFL future is just tough. It's, it's just a tough reality. And you know, I think I'm gonna take some time to figure it out and I think it owe it to my teammates to do that. If I come back, that's going to be something that's wholehearted the decision and I'm not half asking it and I'm fully and I'm fully here for I think I could play.


It's just whether or not I'm motivated or it's the best decision for me as a man, as a human, as a person that takes on all that responsibility. Right. Listen as a man, as a human, as a football player, as a competitor, knowing Travis Kelsey personally, understanding him, knowing how the season ended, the competitor in him, in him is going back to get it done the right way. He's not going out like that. The last taste of his mouth is not going to be defeat to the Steelers. Especially with a score line like it was them. 22 points. Don't even count your loss In his body. Able I get all that mind is his body able? You saw what you saw Ocho?


Yeah. No, no. Don't say. Yeah. You saw what you saw this year. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I hear you. I Hear you. Okay, so now that, so let's, let's be real. Let have a fair conversation like we do. Everybody listen. Can I, can I take a look bit off my plate and still be able to eat when I need to. Can I take a little bit off my plate and still be able to eat when I need to? Can I have lower grade? Take the chunk of The plates. No, No. That's Travis Kel said great players don't get that. Don't get that luxury. What great players, you know, did they allow you to do that in Cincinnati? Oh no. So I wanna know, you've covered this game. You've played this game. What great player gets to take when he's played a skilled position gets to say, okay, take some time bro.


You good. Take some time off. We ain't even worried about you. No, no I'm not. 'cause you know what I'm not saying the people in the fan, the people in the stands. Right. All they see is 87 and they see Kelsey on the back and they expect 'em to be that 10 time pro bowler that all pro I got bet they're used to. They won't accept anything else. Right. I think, I think we still get that. I'm just saying I believe now it's one thing for me to say it. See I'm not inside this body. Yeah. I'm, I'm not inside. Right. It is one thing for me to say it based on obviously what we, what what we saw this year, the chemistry between him, the rapport between him and Mahomes. I think he can still do it. I'm just saying now that's up to him. But knowing, knowing the way it ended, he ain't going out like that.


I can tell you that. Oh Joe, the thing with great players and I was, I was a pretty good player. Yeah, you Were not. You was not. You Just can't do Ocho. You a knife boy, you a knife. You can't Do it. You can't do it with the regularity that you once could. Right. You see how he can summons it up one game and then he'll disappear for four mm He'll summons it up again and he'll disappear for three. You see in the playoffs he had that one big game against Houston and then the other two. Yeah. You see what happens. This is The, That's what happens as you start to Age. This is the funny thing, even with him aging, even with him not being able to summon it up every game you have a quarterback that can overcome you not summing this up because every different game when the Kansas City, when the Kansas City chief play, it's somebody else's day.


One day it, ah, one day it was Marquis Brown. One day it is Xavier worth. One day is Noah Gray. One day in Travis Kelsey. So you talk about that Houston game where he went crazy. Well the following week it wasn't on him. Somebody else had a day. That's the joy of having a quarterback like Patrick Mahome. You ain't got to be on single game when you great You can, you, that ain't how it works for a ga. A guy with his grade, you can't just be running right out there and you go three or four games catching one to two passes. That's what he was talking about. Hey, You saw the man on the sideline last Super Bowl. When he didn't get the ball, He was hot. You think that man gonna be able to come out there and run around, put all that time in and catch one to two ball a game?


Yeah, sometimes some And The fast twitch is not there like it once was. Right. He barely got out of his stance. Guys were already moving. He was still in the stands. So you, you watched the game. Everybody saw it. Check. Y'all know I'm not making it up. Y'all saw what you saw, what you saw. Hey, I understand what you're saying but ain't nobody going out like that. You know that. I know that. Regardless of what he said. So You keep saying going out like that, what's the say? It's not gonna get worse. Hey, it is not gonna get worse. But the court, how do you know? Well The quarterback over there with number 15, the head coach over there. His last, he, He worked, did he have a, so what number did he have on last year and how did he look? What number did he have on last year?


You know the competitor that Young Bull is, you know, you know what he is. You know, he not going out there. You know he not finna say, you know what, okay, I'm done. I can tell you that now we can make a, it's we Lemme ask you a question. He comes back. What? He comes back. What does that do? Does that change your perception of Travis Kel? Does that move him up or down your ranking? Because I got him as the goal right now. So I'm trying to figure out him coming back, making another Pro Bowl. Does that change your perception of Travis Kel who and what He is? No. But that, that's not why he's coming back. It's not bad. It's not for, it's not for him to change our perception on how we feel about him as a player. He's already solidified. What he's done is already concrete.


He's coming back for him. Not for us. Him for what? And he doesn't eat the taste. What can he, what can he do for himself to make himself feel good? Like Yeah. Go out on, go out on his terms, on the way he wants to go out and not with a bad taste left in his mouth. Like this game has, that's the only thing I can think of. I understand. Do you believe Tom, Lemme ask you a question. I Understand everything you're saying. I, I'm with you. I'm with Fight When Tom Brady walked away, do you believe Tom Brady can still play Under the right circumstances? He couldn't play at Tom Brady's level. See that's what you're missing. See you are looking at him just coming back being a guy. Right.


A guy, Travis Kel used to being the guy Tom Brady used to being the guy, not a guy. That's two different scenarios. And Tom realized I'm not Tom Brady anymore. And see when you Tom Brady, you get measured to a younger Tom Brady. Not to the guys that's playing now. Right. Because Tom Brady still could not play half the guys that's in the league. Yes sir. But he couldn't be that guy anymore. Right. So basically what you're saying, you don't want him to go out like Aaron Roberts. I like, I I'm like you when it comes to that, but I know what I saw this year. Yes sir. And I know, I know the chat saw what they saw this year too. Yes sir. I got you.


And that was the hardest thing. 'cause I had to watch film on myself a lot and I just had to come to the conclusion. Now I could have came back and played. I mean, I left, I left my last year. I had seven, over 700 yards, almost 800 yards. And I missed the last game. Had eight touchdowns. I just couldn't, so I just couldn't give it to her week to week like the old ladies. Hey, round two Shannon. Alright. Oh, Saturday. It's a Monday. It's my, I'll give you, I give you round two Saturday. It's a Monday. Don't bother me. I ain't got nothing on you Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. I need to bill back up. I need to recharge.


I need to recharge. So, So you believe you believe Tram comes back. Oh, man. Let me give him a composer now. Hey, my goddamn ac not on, man. Okay, go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead. I'm ready. That was a good one. So do do, do you believe you believe Travis comes back? Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Listen, all everything you hearing right now, smoke. That's, that's, that's, that's smoke. That ain't never smoke. That's smoke. That's smoke. That's smoke. No, No, no. He, he taking time because guess what? Go back and look at the tape. Yeah. I'm, It got ocho it got harder and harder for him to create separation.


Right. They had guys covered In what lifetime would they ever put DeMar Hamlin on Travis Kel? In what realm would they ever do that Right? Would they would take linebackers and they would take safety and say you got him. Yeah. Huh. It's a, it's a, it's a complete mismatch in general. Just in general. Travis Kelsick, we know, but I could tell you one thing. Even the way he looks now, he won more matching than he lost. I can tell you that. He won more matchups than he lost. But listen, I, I understand what he's saying. This is something that not very many players are given the opportunity or afforded the opportunity to be able to do, to be able to decide whether they want to come back or not.


Travis Kelsey's in a position similar to that of a quarterback. Yeah. But, but I I, I think the thing for him with nothing left to prove right, there are a lot of opportunities. Be it the media, be it in the movie. Oh yeah. Be it in the TV space. Right?


Right. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


these days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap, underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


I mean, Travis Kel is gonna get, have an opportunity to make a lot of money. His, his podcast New Heights with his brother does extremely well. You know, you know, you hear that he wants to get in tv, he wants to get in movie, right. Movies. You talk about a guy that's six foot five, you know, statuesque. We'll see how well he can act. He did a great job on Saturday Night Live. Yeah. One of the best performances for an athlete that you're gonna see. So it tells me he does have the chops in order to do it right. But for me, if I'm him, I'm gonna think long and hard, right? Because, and the thing I would tell him retirement is it's, there ain't, there ain't no league that you can go to.


It's not like golf. You can go to the senior circuit or you can like tennis. They got a senior, you know, got a little thing that you go play and you see PUIs and McEnroe and, and, and Roddick and all those guys playing. Sometimes you see Agassi jump out there. They're not that in football. And so retiring in football is, is final. I would take a month or two and think seriously, really hard. Am I gonna put the time in the time? Because as you get older, Ocho, now you gotta do things differently. You can't train the way you train like you once could. Oh yeah. Hey, you know, when you're young, hey, you can hit a lick at a promise.


I I I hit a lick today and I'm promise I'm gonna work harder tomorrow. Yeah. Uhuh, you don't work like that, right? Your due diligence, your eating needs to be on point. You're training. I'm not saying you need to trade smarter. Your body can't withstand that kind of intensity. And that's what I had to learn the hard way Ocho Yeah. Because as I got older, I was still trying to train at that intensity. Not so much the intensity. It's The Volume, right? That got, I still had the same intensity, but it was The Volume that I was still trying to do good on. I was still trying to run 15, 22 hundreds. I was still trying to run 20, 25 1 tens. Woo. I was still trying to do that volume at the intensity that I was doing in my twenties.


Well, I got into my thirties tomorrow I had the May Pop hamstrings. I run two of 'em. They may pop ocho. That's what I'm, that's all I'm, that's all I'm saying. So that's the thing that you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta factor in, right? And so I don't, I don't want, I don't want people, and that's like I said, that's, that's his call. But I don't want people like, man Trav steely, he can't get open no more. Right? Ain't got nothing to prove. I promise you, if somebody would've told Travis Kemp, say, okay, here you are, you a rookie, we're gonna allow you to go to five Super Bowls.


You'll be a 10 time pro bowler. You'll be a four or five time all pro, and you'll win three Super Bowls and you'll be, regardless one of the two greatest tight ends to ever play. Right. You say he turns that down and say, nah, I wanna play long. Does he take it or does he turn it down? Are you taking That? You know that in a, in a heart. In a heart. So it's definitely gonna be interesting, you see? Yeah. But I I I could tell it bothered him. There's a lot that bothered him this year. He didn't have, he didn't have the type of season that he wanted. Yeah. He didn't have the individual success. Lemme take that back. He didn't have the individual success.


He had the team success. They won the division again. They won the a FC again. Right. They didn't win the Super Bowl. So that's the ultimate, the ultimate goal. But he wanted that thousand yards. Yeah. He wanted, he wanted the, those numbers. I I, I mean, I don't even know how many touchdowns. I mean, I think he had, might have had fewer than five touchdowns. How many touchdowns did he have Ash? Because he was on pace two years ago to get a thousand. But remember he sought out the final game O ocho because they were already slotted into the third seed, then running, run the risk of, of getting him injured. And so he sought, he, I think he was like 30 yards short of getting another thousand. Right. Which would've been eight, eight or nine consecutive thousand yard seasons.


He had three touchdowns this year. OCHO three. Hey, they listen, they, they get it done offensively in a multitude of ways. That's all. That's all they gotta say. But in order for this offense to really be effective, he has to be dominant. When they got rid of Tyreek, he was dominant. Go back and look at it. I don't think I'm lying. Stainless super fan pays for a billboard begging Art Rooney to trade Tomlin Oell the team. The standard is mediocrity trade. Tomlin o sell the team Rooney. We've had enough.


The standard is mediocrity. Tre Tomlin will sell the team paid for by Kevin Adams. Hey, Mediocrity 17 win season above 518 17 win season. That's mediocrity. How many Super Bowl appearances? They haven't won a playoff game since 2016. It's 2025 mediocrity. So Lemme come on, lemme ask you a question. So they let, they let Tomlin go, right? Yeah. His name is Kevin Adams. Huh? Kevin Adams. Yep. You let Tomlin go. Who you bringing? What? See what happens? What happens there? That's the same thing men and women do. Huh? I can't get outta relationship 'cause who I'm gonna get to replace is what I got and I stay in a bad relationship.


You see what you did? Hey, you See, and, and you know what happened? 98% of the time they lead that person thinking the grass is green on the other side and be right there watering nothing but goddamn damn soil. But here's the thing though, Ocho, if, if Mike Thomas say the standard is the standard six Super Bowls, where is being above 500? The standards. Well, hold on. How you you said That? Hold on. I, alright, well listen, we gotta be realistic as well. Now we have to be realistic as well. You have to build yourself up to having a Super Bowl team. You know what that takes? It takes personnel. You know what that, you know what else that takes? It takes a quarterback. A quarterback that is consistent.


We don't have any questions coming into the season. Who's going to be your starter? There's Mike, Tom. Different Factors that come into play, even being able to get to the standard. So Mike Tomlin has, has no say in personnel. He has no say in s he has no say in the final 53. He has no say in anything draft. Yeah, he does. He does. Okay. So he bears some culpability. Yep. When Ben, when Ben was getting old, when Ben was getting old, not the last year, but when Ben was getting old, did they go out and get another quarterback? Nah, when Fab was getting on, what did the Packers do? Oh, they were, they went and got Rogers.


They got, when Rogers was getting on, what did they do? O' Joe. They went out and got Jordan Love the Packers. When Ben Burg was getting on, what did they do? They let him wither on the vine. They let him, that's Tomlin. Let him wither on the vine. Oh, that's a good one. I ain't even heard that before. Wither on the bin. So I'm just saying, I mean, when, when you watch the steel, when you look at the Steelers and, and at any point in time do you say, you know what? That didn't even go to the Super Bowl. When was the last time you said it? Ocho? During, during my tenure. Matter of fact, during my tenure, every, every year we play them, they were a team whose identity was their offense.


No, their identity was their defense. They had an opportunity to go to Super Bowl. Now I haven't seen that. Still the, the game in general, the landscape of the game had changed in general as far as the Steelers, the Browns? No. They, they, they been shifted. They shifted once they got Ben AB and Labon. They were offensive. Were Yeah, but They, they, they, they were, they were an offense. They used to be a defensive base team. Early, early in Ben's career. They were a defensive base football team. Right. They had Troy, they had rc, they had Ryan Clark, they had peasy, you know, they had those guys, boys like Foot Timmons, James Farrier. Timmons.


Hold on. Yeah. I, they, I I haven't, they haven't given us that feel in a very long time though. No. In a very long time. No, but in order to do that, in order to, to find that consistency again, it takes time. It, but here's the thing. Ojo, it takes drafting, it takes all season acquisitions, it takes finding a quarterback, finding a franchise quarterback. That's where it all starts. Huh? That's where it all starts. And you don't have a franchise quarterback, then you have to have a dominating defense. You gotta have a dominating defense and a quarterback that gets you by week to week and doesn't put your team in harm's way. That's hard. Lemme ask you a question. Remember the Year the Bears went to the Super Bowl on? Yeah. Who was the quarter? Yeah.


Rex Grossman. Dominic, Those days are over ocho, you ain't got a defense good enough to overcome that. Those those days are over, those days over. So I don't even know why you would attempt to build your team like that because that's not happening. They won't allow you to play that type brand of football anymore. Right, but when you look, but here's the problem that he has. Talk to me. Lamar Jackson is 27. Joe Burr is also in that division. Yeah. Hey, so while you go in nine and eight every year, or you go 10 and seven, what is that gonna get you? Patrick Mahomes is about to turn 30.


Josh Allen is 28. So I'm just trying to figure out what is that, what is 10 and seven gonna get you? What is nine and eight gonna get you right? Oh, the Steven Mike Thomas never had a losing season. Right? I I understand He ain't wanna playoff game in nine years. Make sure you put that in. Make sure you put that in the bio too. Mike Tolin has never had a losing teasing. He also hadn't won a playoff game since 2016. I just wanna know, I just wanna know what the alternative is. That's all. You cannot be afraid of the unknown. See, that's the problem. I can Tell you, I can tell you what's gonna happen with the unknown. Listen, we've been around this game long enough, you know it's gonna happen. Let him go and find out, let what Kevin Adams want to happen.


They said that with Brett Fav. Do it. And we gonna Did they say that with Brett Fav? Huh? Did they say that with Brett Fav? Yes or no? Did they say that with Aaron Rogers? Yes or no? You do. You do know we were, we were able to, I just, I ask you a simple question. Do Not, we we were able to see a sample size and what was coming after Brett P No, you didn't. You knew you did not see, you saw what Aaron Rogers played one game when Brett Pav got hurt. You didn't see no sample size. He played one game. Joy Love played one game and it looked terrible against Kansas City. Do you remember when Aaron Rogers had co had Covid and he couldn't play and you saw Jordan Love play against Kansas City? I didn't look. Did you think Jordan loved the Jordan Love that we see now.


Did you think he was gonna be that after watching that Kansas City game? I'm just asking. All right. Don't listen to me. Don't listen to me. Listen to Kevin Adams then go ahead. Go ahead and let coach go. Watch what happened. Know Ocho at some point in time, 10 and seven, not gonna do it. Oh, I understand. If the standard is a standard, if your standard is playing for Lombardi's, they're not close. Yeah, Maybe a new voice. Why are They not close? It ain't the coach's fault because if your coach ain't on the field, he ain't on the field. You know what you need. You know what you need to con When it was that the case coach, hold On. He's, I got on for right now. Look at all the teams that run the playoffs this year. What is the common common denominator?


They all had a what at the ham running the show. They all had a what? A consistent what? A consistent quarterback. Hey, the Chiefs, the Ravens CJ's driving company. He early round Ravens. Damn. He comes in and turn and what did he do to the franchise? It's funny that you said the Ravens, I remember the Ravens had a quarterback and Joe Flaco, they took her to the Super Bowl. What did I They do? Some do. He drafted a quarterback. Oh, well what's the last time we had a Lamar, a Lamar Jackson just sitting there in the draft. You drafted a quarterback, Ocho, because you don't wait till the quarterback wither, right?


You don't wait till the fruit fall off the tree. You see, you wait, see? You wanna wait till the very end. Not me. Not me. I ain't not me not. Yes, not me. I'm just Because, because because No, because you said you fear the unknown. Oh, I don't fear the unknown. We talking about him fire. I'm talking about firing. Firing to when there's nothing in place. There's nothing in place. You ain't planted a nasty seed, but you want to gone. What? That's it. That's all. You know. Have your, have your ducks in a row, Ocho. Let everybody go. Let let him go. Okay? What's next? It doesn't always work out like that where you have the perfect, well, we got a CEO, he's gonna retire and we got the CEO in waiting.


It doesn't work like that. Right? That's a so if so, in other words, you want perfect life. You don't, you don't want, hey, you want, Hey, this what happens. We already, no, It don't have to be, it don't have to be perfect, but I damn sure want some answers. I want something to fall back on. I want that. I know it ain't nothing to fall back on right now, I can tell you that. So you, So you good. So you good For the next 10 years, be nine and 8, 10, 7. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Listen, I ain't got no horse in the race. I am not. I'm, I love the Steelers. I love the fans. I love the people. I love ownership. I love the coaches. I love the FOMO players. I'm a bangal. Listen, if they don't figure it out, that's better for us.


Shit. I'm not tripping. That's better for us. Now, I'm just speaking, standing in, in the context that what Kevin Mads is saying to let the man, let, let Mrs. Tomlin go. Well, I mean, what's your backup plan? You gotta have a backup plan. Listen, before a woman leave, she already knows where the backup plan is, huh? Yes. Yeah. She don't just, she don't just up and leave just to be up and leaving and be like, okay, I'm back at square one. Now what do I do? That's not the way things work. That's not the way things operate, especially at that level. If a move I think could be made, they're going to have an strategy, an exit plan before they just do it as a fan. They just want, you know what, fuck it. Get him up outta here.


He gotta go. I, I think the thing is, look, the Rooney, this is, this is a family business. They've owned the Steelers since 1933 with the exception of maybe a year or two. Right? And that's where the mc, the Ches purchased in estate. I think they still have a share of the team. But for the most part, this is the Rooney's ba darling. Now they have some other brothers that's in the casino business and things of that nature. But this is, this is, this is, this is their baby. And guess what? Y'all ain't got no basketball team in Pittsburgh and your baseball team. Terrible. So guess what? The fans gonna come out and the Rooneys, they've had three coaches since 1969.


Choke Noll, bill Cower. Now, Mike Tomlin, all of them, none of them got fired. They walked away on their own terms. Right? The Rooneys are looking at it like, we're not bad. They're, they're just good enough. Give the, to give the fans false hope. You know, they're not close. Hold on. You know what, you'd rather be the, you'd rather be the Steelers. You'd rather be the Cowboys talking about false hope, Which is heavy, a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers. They weigh the same. The only difference is the Steelers have been to the Super Bowl.


They have been to an a FC championship game. I think they lost to the, they lost to the, the Patriots. That might've been the last time they won a playoff game. Right? It's just tough because this is not the Steelers that we're used to seeing, right? We're used to seeing the Steelers really like in 10, like really have a serious, legitimate chance of getting to and winning a Super Bowl, right? And we haven't seen that. And that's not something that we could say that we've been able to say for the last damn near decade. Ocho, it's been a long Time, been a real long time. And it's not like the Ravens are gonna get worse. The Bengals are gonna try to try a, it is like, look, we're wasting Joe Burley Prime Years.


Cleveland. Cleveland is Cleveland, Cleveland. C the Browns are the Browns. But at some point in time, mocho, all I'm saying is I don't advocate anybody getting fired. Right? But all I am saying is this, at some point in time, nine and eight, 10 and seven ain't gonna cut it in losing in the first round. You right. You right. I can't argue with that. The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent who knows the home best. It's home shopping the way it should be. homes.com we've done your homework.


This one's for the food obsessed for the phone Eats first person for the influencer who knows about a new spot before it's popping. And for the person who's all in on Dining Out with Amex Gold, you can earn four times points at restaurants up to $50,000 and up to $100 back annually in statement credits. On eligible purchases at us resi restaurants So you can get rewarded for eating what you love. That's the powerful backing of American Express term supply. Kapp applies. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash With amex


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Dear yes, my love, will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times, yes. I will. Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes extra. Other restrictions may apply.