
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your excitement. Woohoo. Chba. Cheba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cmba life. Visit cmba casino.com. No Purchase necessary v GW group void. We prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og Cool Rush for yourself.


The Volume you Think. All right guys, back for the first time in a long time. It is time for a Rough Draft and it's prompted by people Want to know your team if you're gonna take on a silverback. Yeah, you get five guys who you gonna name Ojo. So let's get the, let's see the, the graphics Wema list. That Wema list that.


All right. Ocho you up first. All right. First person for me. I need five people. If we going fight it, if we going, we going, we going, we gonna run with a gorilla, right? Yep. I'm going with James Harrison. Just 'cause I'm gonna beat his ass. So I'm gonna just put him on my team anyway. Okay. I'm gonna go with John Jones. Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good one. Give me, gimme Alex Pereira. Okay. I like that. I'm going Francis and Gnu. Okay, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go with someone here. He's a boxer, but he's different. He's different.


He can wrestle, he can punch. I'm going with Bud Crawford. What's the, he played with the Pacers now. I think his name James Johnson. Is that his name From the heat? Y? Yeah. You got the heat? What time? Yeah, black belt. Yeah, I'm taking him. Okay, Okay. Okay. Hey, I wanna, hey, I wanna fight him too. Nah, Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna fight him too. Oh. But, but anyway, I, I got you ready? I got two more, right? Yeah.


You ready? Yeah, I'm ready. Aren Donald. So j basically off the, the, the four op name already. The gorilla done. The gorilla done. And when I, when I get his, when I get his fifth name, it's, it is a rap. It's over. Hold on. What you looking up? Why you cheating? Man, I'm looking up, dude, what you call him? Oh, I know him. I, I couldn't think of his name. I'm taking Mimon Lopez, five time gold medals from Cuba. Greco-Roman wrestler. That listen, ain't gonna be no wrestling. That ain't gonna help me. Listen. Have listen. Having a background in wrestling, dealing with a gorilla that ain't finna do nothing for you.


Don't you worry about my squad? Okay. You worry about your squad getting punched in the face? No, we good. We good. My squad gonna win anyway. My fifth player is in Do Sue. Okay. I like that one. Yeah, I I know you do and I'm sure the Chad agree with I got the better squad too. Nah, bro. Trust me. Let's see. Trust me. Ask Me, John. M-I-J-A-N. Who, who can I get? You know what? I'm gonna ride my homeboy. What? I'm gonna ride my homeboy.


What The hell he gonna do? Charles Oakley. Oh, oh, oh, oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Hey, You know who talking about your gifts man, look here. Next time you have a tough guy competition. You know what, take Ooff. I'm take Ooff. I'm gonna take Westbrook. Westbrook told me, he said, man, you be, y'all be you ocho be talking about these fighting competitions and you talking a man a, he said, oh, You know, a, You know I got these hands now, which you remember Westbrook? What's Westbrook? Michael Westbrook. You played in receiver. Oh, He, he, he was in Cincinnati with me. Yes, Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, hey, well he's a fool boy, man. What, what? Hey, where Westbrook at, man? I just saw, I just saw him in, at Virginia at a autograph signing. Yeah. He still, he still swo up.


He like 2 0 5. Okay, okay, okay. But he still, he still cut up? Yeah. He got, Yeah, he, Hey, that's my dog man. He was, he was in Cincinnati with me one year. Yeah. He just couldn't stay healthy big. I'm talking about, I mean, you talking about 2 10, 6 3, 2 10 run, four three could jump. Yeah. Body just, and You know he, he had a couple of fights. He fought the MMA for a little while. He did? Yeah. Damn. Like Johnny Martin ain't know that. Yeah. Goddamn Westbrook. Man. Man, my team gonna beat the brakes off that gorilla. No, No, no. It ain't no it ain't no it aint. Don't let, don't lie to yourself now.


You not. This is you lying to yourself and you just saw the names I put on my team and I, I guarantee the chat. Agree with me. You ain't got but one MMA fight on there. That's all I needed. Did you see who else I got on there? Yeah, I got one lunatic and then Dominic Sue, I got Aren Donald crazy strong ass. I got Bud. Who? He do any and everything. He crazy. He ain't wrapped up too tight man. Man, it's a wrap. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. This good Harvard education gonna take over right now baby. Okay. The names that you're gonna be spelling is NBA is Player Edition.


So these players currently play in the NBA. Okay? Okay. Huh? Spell first name and last. Ah, let's just do the last. He ain't get, alright, I'm give you the first one. Ocho All First one. His name is Christian Brown. Christian Brown. We doing last name right? Yeah, We gonna do last name. I ain't gonna let you spell the first one. Oh, Christian, wait. Christian Brown. Yeah. Yeah. B-R-O-W-N. I knew you gonna say that. It's BR. No, no, B-R-B-R-A-U-O-B-R-A-N. You spelled it Brown. B-R-A-U-N. Brown. That's what I meant to say. Nah, you submit to say what you said. Okay.


This next one he plays for the Indiana Pacers. His name is Pascal Siam. Pascal Siam Siam. S-I-A-K-A-M. Siam. That is correct. Ha. I know it is. And so was the first one. You cheating me. You cheating me 'cause I'm black. The next word, the next name he plays for the Minnesota Timber Wolves. Okay. Dante Di Chino. Dante Divin Chino. Dante Divin. D-I-V-N-D-N-D-I-V-N in Chin Chin 10 C-H-E-N-Z-O-D-I-V-I-N-C-E-N-Z.


Ozo. Damn. The next one is Isaiah Hartenstein. Isaiah Hartenstein. He plays for the OKC Thunder. Isaiah Hartenstein. Isaiah Hartenstein Hart. H-A-R-T-E-N-S-T-E-I-N. Correct. Isaiah Hartenstein. Let's go boy. The next word, you have to spell the second. You don't have to spell the first, but you have to spell the middle and the last name. Okay? Okay. Okay. Gimme time. Gimme time. Take your time now. Shaa Giles Alexander Shaa Giles Alexander.


Wait, the spell Alexander right? You gotta spell Giles Alexander Gilds a Gil Gris Gils Shea Giles Alexander. JI mean, I'm talking about J-G-I-L-G-R-E double S-G-I-L-G-E-O-U-S-A-L-E-X-A-N-D-E-R. Thank Man. Who the hell spell this man? Who else spelled his name like that man. Okay. That ain't part of the, that ain't part of the English language. The next one he also play, he plays for the New York Knicks.


Okay. OG and Enobi. Oog and Nobi And, no, no, O-N-U-N-O-B-O-Y-B-E-Y-A-N-U-N-O-B-Y. Oog and Nobi. He, he Nigerian. Sure. No, I'm a I'm, I'm asking. Oh, I I'm just curious. He from Canada, but if you say that's where, that's where he originally from. I don't know. Okay. Okay. That might be French. Maybe that's French. French. I don't know.


He's British. Okay. Well they got some crazy last names man. That's Maja, right? That last one. Zeke. Oh yeah, because that was good. All right. Ocho you got one, Two. I got, I got, I got three right? You got two outta six. I got, I got three right. No you didn't. I got brown. Alright Ocho it's time for payback now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Unc I got Brown. Right? You feel be all way in? No, I, okay, here we go. A Chad A ah, ah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Get ready chat. We got Dunk on Unc. Here we go. Football edition. It's basketball season. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Hey, plug in that a OL play plug in. That a l You got you ready? Yes. Chat. Do not put the answers in the chat 'cause UNC is looking at it. Name the five name. The five Hall of Famers from the 1990 NFL draft five Hall of Famers from the 1990 NFL draft. Shannon Sharp one. Johnny Randall Cortez Kennedy Junior Sale.


Emmett Smith Damnit. Fuck. Okay, okay. Okay. Alright. You ready? Now? That was luck. I just gave you Listen, I listen, I gave, I gave you a, a fast Ball that night class. We had a nice little class man. Yeah, it, it was cool. It was cool. One player and two coaches are enshrined in both the CFL are enshrined in both the CFL and Hall of Fame. One player and two coaches are enshrined in both the CFL Hold on. One player and two coaches in enshrined in both the CFL and Our Enshrine.


The Canadian Hall of Fame and the, and yeah, well, Warren Moon. Warren Moon is the player. Okay. Warren one player. All who? The two coaches. Damn. Who coached Canada? Oh, it was, Hey, I didn't know he was okay. Okay. Who Warren? No, I, no, I knew Warren was but these, the, the next few Names. These coaches? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Coaches coaches Canada. Canada. Yep. Enshrined in the CFL and NFL Hall of Fame. Damn. That's dope. I ain't know that. Yeah. Ooh, we joke, I'm trying to think. I gotta go back in Fame. Hold on. Coaches. Coaches.


Yeah. I'm never gonna get this one. Yeah, because it's gotta be somebody, I'm trying to think of the coaches that's in the Hall of Fame. I'm not gonna get it. So I'll Give you, I'll give you a hint on one of 'em. What is it? He coaches with the Buffalo Bills. Oh, Marv Levy. Okay. There's one more. Ah, man. Yeah, I help you out. You still got it wrong though, but I just had to throw that little, that little pickling just to, just to help you out real quick. I'm trying to Buffalo Bills. I don't know Don Corelle. I don't know No Bud Grant.


Oh, I have never got that one. Yeah, yeah. You, you, you went around with me during that time. Bud Grant for the Minnesota VAs, the purple people leaders In 1992, Shannon s Sharp had two rushes for how many yards? Oh, In 1992, Shannon Elof Sharp had two rushes for how many yards? 10 And negative. Six. I think it's six.


Damn. I'm trying to think who I carried the ball against. Hey, They must have gave you a reverse or something. Yeah, they did. I knew it. I knew it. I'm trying to think. Who'd I carried the ball again? Was it, I think I carried against Philly once. Alright man. I don't know. I don't even remember. Hey, in what year did the Clippers relocate from San Diego to Los Angeles? Officially they debuting as the La Clippers. Excuse me. Well, they originally, the Clippers originally started out in Buffalo. They were the Braves. Yeah. Then they relocated to San Diego became the Clippers and they relocated to la I don't know, I'm gonna take a wild guess.


At 79. That is absolutely wrong. The year that the Clippers relocated to Los Angeles from San Diego was 1984. 1984 is the answer you were looking for. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We got him Chad. We got him. You ready? Yep. What matchup produced the highest combined point total of the 24 25 NBA season ringing up 299 points in an overtime thriller. You say NBA you said it was football edition.


Hey, what happened to your aa? It's not plugged in. I would go, what's Wrong with your wifi Indiana? Ooh, that's a good one. 'cause the Pacers boy, them boys boy, them boys putting up some points. I don't know Indiana. I'm gonna say Indiana. Milwaukee. You know what, it's one thing about it, boy, one thing about the a OL and one thing about your wifi, that shit must be bad 'cause the answer's wrong. It's the Memphis Grizzlies and the Phoenix Suns.


You forgot that game in 2024. 20 24, 20 25 NBA season, the Grizzlies and the Suns put up a bar, put up a barn burner. Wait, did I use that in the right context? Yeah. Okay. It was a barn. It was a barn burner. Now I'm, I got a bonus, I got a bonus question for you. I got a bonus question for you. Who were the halftime performers for all three of your Super Bowl victories? Even if you was in the locker room, you should know who the halftime performers is. No. Hell, I shouldn't, I could, hold on. I couldn't give you the Fogt idea. No, I ain't even attempt to get No, bro. I was locked in.


I couldn't even tell you. But even if you locked in, You know, way ahead of time, who the Super Bowl halftime show gonna be? Bro, I ain't been in the Super Bowl in 25 years and before that it was so 30. Yeah. So we got the 25th anniversary of the Raven Super Bowl. No, right. I have no idea. So technically you lost the night. And in 1997, the halftime performer was Jewel. In 1998, someone who I dated, she Cher was 8 98 women. Yes. I dated Cher briefly and the Backstreet Boys in 2000. I don't know what to tell you, but the king, the king has, has risen to the top.


That's the first time that, hey, I can't because you don't wanna stop playing. You one of them, Chad, you one of 'em ones to take your ball and go home. So I gotta let you win a k couple of them. Chad, Chad, I just want thank y'all for support. I, I appreciate you. This is what I do. The Harvard education Tell you what you do. Hey, I love, I love y'all. He win. What game you talking about? This is what we do. That's what we do. Let's go, boy. That's what I'm talking about.


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you. As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


Per the athletic people close to LeBron aren't ruling out the possibility of him finishing his career elsewhere. LeBron back to the land. If the, if the Cavalier don't make these to conference final school. We see LeBron coming home one last time. One time, one more time to finish his career. No, I don't see it. No. He love everything about la Savannah loves every about LA And his, his daughter was in dance class here. She got ev everything going on that way. He ain't, You know, he's really, I think he's realizing the importance of, You know, his kids and the, the, the direction they're going and how much they enjoy and, and he ain't, he ain't going back to Cleveland now. He might go there and sign and, and and say he retired As a clean.


We ain't play that one day. Yeah, that one day contract. Yeah, But I don't, I don't believe he go, I don't believe he goes back. Nah, go back and do what you playing with Luca. You Playing with Luca? Go back and, and, and sit on the, he have to come off the bench. I'm like, because that, that's starting five be like, yo, man, we just want a chip. You ain't moving us out the way. Yeah, IIII agree. I agree with you. I I don't see, I don't see him growing back. I mean they, they, they keep saying that, but I think LeBron really loves the Lakers. I really think he, he loves living in la I think he loves all things la The weather is nice year round. He don't really have to have an overcoat, You know, you could have a top down damn near year round. You got water, you got beaches, I mean everything.


His businesses are in la there's really nothing for him not to like about la And he we're making a lot of movies, right? Yes. And he's doing a lot of that stuff too. So that's Yeah, yeah. All that's going on. So he, he, he's in the perfect place, You know, and, and he's Playing with The Lakers. Even if he does go, I mean, yeah, I mean Shaq is really the only one that I can remember that came here and left. Kareem didn't leave. Wilt didn't leave. Kobe didn't leave. Yeah. Magic didn't leave. Normally, normally when you get these, Shaq didn't wanna leave. He was just forced out. Who? That? Shaq didn't wanna leave. He was just Forced out. Jack, Jack wanted your money. Yeah. Hey, and I was in Lake.


I didn't wanna leave either, but I was forced out. You don't wanna leave the Lakers, man. Yeah, But I, yeah, I, I, I, I agree. I, I think, and plus, You know, the kids are here. I mean, it's a short trek for him to go over to shoot over to Arizona to see Bryce to go way back to Cleveland. Zuri the, his youngest daughter, his only daughter, the youngest is, is in, in school here to uproot her and leave her friends. I think Savannah has like carved out her own niche here in la Yeah, I, I just don't see it. I'm not, it sound good? I mean, hey, You know those close to LeBron? Oh, Ocho, I just don't see it though. Yeah, yeah. He ain't going nowhere. What you thinking? He'd be right.


He'll be right here for a minute. I say he ain't going nowhere. I mean, I, I honestly, I know he kept his place in Ohio and he can always jet back, but I think, I think California is gonna be his home base. Yeah, it is. I think Cali is where he's gonna reside. Yeah. When it's all said and done. Yeah. LeBron James will be a, a California, he's not a native obviously he grew up in Akron, Ohio and he played a lot of years in Cleveland. But think about it, he's, he gonna almost double up the amount of time that he played in Miami here in la. Yeah, most definitely. And I think, and also it's, I think it's too many moving parts. There's too many moving parts in LA for him to be, for him to go back to Akron, obviously having a place there, being that that's where you grew up, he will still always have ties there. But as far as from a business standpoint and everything that going on, I I'd I'd assume it would make more sense obviously to stay here in LA Yeah.


Bigger market. Yeah. I mean, but You know, he, he, he's the type of guy that he don't really, the he is the market, so Yeah, true. He, he, But hey, it is a lot more connections out here than is In Cleveland. You ab you. Absolutely. Because there's nothing that, there's nothing that in l you can't do in la. I mean, hey, pick up a phone. I don't think he wants to go back to that cold. I don't think Savannah wants to go back to the cold. I mean, once you, once you get used to that warm weather, it's hard for you to go back. And if you live in Florida, if you live in la if you live in some warm weather and say, You know, yeah, I think I wanna go live in New York, I wanna live in Philly, I want to live in Massachusetts.


Once the, once the more bones get used to that warm weather, I'm here for the long haul. I think once you step out there and that cold just hits you in the face one time, it's like, nah, I'm Good. Yeah, I'm good. Yeah. But I don't, I don't see him going, I don't see him going back there either. Falcons fans are upset that the first round draft pick, Jalen Walker will wear number 11. Julio Jones is the fastest player in history to 10,000, 11,000, 12,000 and 13,000 yards. He most even averaging a hundred yards a game most season with 250 yards. But the Falcons gave away his number 11 with the quickness and didn't retire it. Should that Falcons have given away a number 11? No. Absolutely. Yes they should.


They should not have given it away. Absolutely not. I mean it, He's the best wide receiver in Falcon's history. Yeah, it is a bad Boy. And yeah, and, and You know, they look, I know Dre, Dre and what's the other one? White, Roddy White 84. Yeah. They had, You know, Billy White shoes Johnson, they had Alfred Jenkins. Nah, Julio Different, different, but You know, You know owners, I don't think they, yeah, they didn't, they didn't leave on the best of terms. Right. Owners don't see, see it the same way we see it, You know, and, and understanding what they meant for the franchise, the way fans see Julio, I mean one of the best, not actually not one of, one of the best all time, not only that, but one of the be the best receiver to come outta your organization and they just don't see the value in that.


Especially the retired jersey. Yeah. I guess they don't seem to think nobody should get their jersey retired to though. Well, let's see if they give that number eight away. What, what, what number is Michael Pennix Union? Because Matt Ryan was eight, right? Two. Matt Ryan was two. Let's see if they, somebody get that two, you think they gonna get that two away? O Joe? Yeah. Yeah, I listen, I mean they, there was, there was also a little, a little not turmoil, just a little incident. Somebody with the Brown took two from Yeah, he already Had it or he took what you mean? I mean, so another player, I'm not sure who the player is.


I don't, don't, I don't, don't quote me. I I don't, I don't wanna butcher anybody's name, but he chose two and Shado have to wear 12. I'm saying, I'm saying he new to the Browns or he already been there Ojo. That's what I'm asking. Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Yeah, I, but I definitely think Julio, they they should not have given that number, that number 11 to anybody that that's Julio Jones number. I wouldn't Even wanna wear it. I wouldn't even Wanna wear it. I wouldn't either. That's how, That's why I be wondering when some of these kids be coming down and they be wanting some of these legends numbers, I'd be like, man, why would you want even do that? Yeah. Yeah. You see AB Dude Carter wanted wear 56 for the Giants. Yeah. 56 and number 11 because Phil Sims wore number 11.


It's retired. Yeah, Phil, well Phil Fa Said no, 56 92 Strays number retired I think is Don Meredith's numbers retired. Maybe Y Tittle, I don't know Y Tittle, I think John John don't have many numbers but retired. But they got a few. Yeah, I think Stray. I know Stray. I think Strays Lt Sims Damn 14. Damn. 1, 4 7.


Oh yeah. Oh well. Yeah. But they definitely should have Julio Jones number should be re they should, nobody should wear that number. He was, he was too good. And I, I, I get it. See, sometimes I think Ocho people allow the last year to ruin 10 or 11 really great years. And although it didn't end on the best terms, he's still Julio, he still, he still did a great job for that organization. He was a model citizen in the community and that should, You know. Yeah, I mean for him to be, to be what he was for that organization, the numbers that he put up, I definitely think he was more than deserving to have that number retired.


But it happened at age. I remember when I left, I left, I left Denver and went to and went to Baltimore. They gave my number to who? Chris, what's Chris's last name? I forget now. Yeah, you won Super Bowls over there, didn't you? Yeah. What was Chris? Damn, I forget the guy's name now in 2000, who wore number 2 84 in 2000. But when I came back it was in my locker bro. I was like, you actually thought I was gonna come back here and you was gonna be 84 and I was gonna be another number.


You thought that man please. Chris Cole. Chris Cole. Yeah, Chris Cole. Where's he from? Text that him I seen, well, You know Playmaker, he like, he like for the wide receivers way. His numbers though, Michael Irv. Oh yeah, because, because he said they talk about Hill where they talk about Yeah, yeah. They got they own little club going over there. Yeah, they don't really, I mean like they don't really retire a whole lot of numbers like the Steelers. I mean it's only a handful of, of people that got that. Like Joe Green, I think se I think Joe Green, 75, Terry Bradshaw 12.


Ernie Starner, I think Ernie was 72, but they had a whole lot. Right. Oh, D Deandre Carter was The, but I mean if they, if they, if they retired all them Steelers, great man, you ain't gonna have no numbers. Didn't have no numbers like Boston. I mean you Think, you think about Swan 88, 82, 32, 12 47. I think male blunt might number might be retired blunt. I mean look at, look at all those Hall of Famers. They had like five or six on defense at one time. Two receivers, the center running back quarterback. So that's five on offense.


Joe Green, male, blunt Jack, ham Lambert, Donnie, shell five on defense. So you got 10 hall of Famers outta your 22. How you like that Ocho you coach in the hall of Fame and your owner Boy was the red boy was the real deal. Oh Yeah. And you could make a case lc Greenwood should be in the Hall of Fame. But I definitely think Julio, they they, How did they have officially retired and Yes, officially it was like Joe Green. Yeah. Okay. Officially retired is number 70.


Ernie Starner. Ernie Starner was, he was our DLI coach when I was in Denver. Joe Green and Franco Harris, those numbers are officially retired. Unofficially retired. Terry Bradshaw, Jerome Bes, Troy Polamalu, Mel Blood 47 and Mike Webster. I don't want none of those numbers. Mel Blunt made him change the game, made him change the rules. Mike Webster, I believe is, is probably the greatest senator to ever play. You know, you can make a case, You know Dwight Stevens, Jim Otto, but hey, he's on the short list. Troy, hey, he won the two or three best receivers.


Me Ed's, I think Ed's the greatest Rece safety. But hey, you ain't gonna get no, you ain't gonna get no. There are some people that says, Hey, Troy was every bit the equal, but I just thought Ed took the ball away more, turned it into points. The Volume.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex platinum it doesn't have to just yet. You can sit back and relax at the airport with Centurion lounge access. And because you earn five times membership, rewards points on prepaid hotels and more book through amex travel.com, your trip to the beach and back can take you somewhere different. Next time we should go to Thailand. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex.


When It's PCs time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you. As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partner's. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.