
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


From Hobby Farmers to weekend gardeners and everyone in between. Tractor Supply Trust, 5G Solutions From T-Mobile for business to make shopping more personal. Together we're connecting over 2200 stores with 5G Business, internet, and powering AI so team members can match shoppers with products faster. You're all Set. This is enriching customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna say big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


Holiday magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. You new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us ocho. This is our last show of 2024. Yeah, let's go out with a bang. Yes sir. The very last show. Thank you guys for making Nightcap what it is because without you, OCHO and I and the Nightcap family can't be what we have become. And it's thanks for your eyeballs and your ears and your support. So here we are, the final show of 2024. Oh yeah, we gonna go out with style. The San Francisco 49 ERs lose at home to the Detroit Lions, to the Lions. Put up another 40 ball. You're gonna have to score points to beat this football team very well coached offensively. They're as good as we have in the NFL. Yep.


And everybody keeps talking about, oh we are. The Cincinnati Bengals got the best offense. Are we sure? Yes. Are we sure? Yes. All I know is one team is averaging 34 points a game. Now what is Cincinnati's averaging? But we'll get to that in a minute. We gonna hold on, but it's gonna be fireworks. I got me a nap today too. It's on. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I just want you to know I'm gonna kick so, so much ass tonight. My feet gonna stink. I just want you to know O choke. My feet gonna be stinking because I'm kicking the ass tonight. Hey bro. You feeling good tonight, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I'm on one. I want one other. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. That guy is the Liberty City Legend Bengals Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please hit that subscribe button, please hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. As I mentioned earlier, guys, thank you for your support in 24 and beyond. You've been down with us from the jump and we appreciate that. So let's continue this thing in the 25. But let's make sure we close out this show in 24 with a bang. Please go check out Shea ba la porter. The holidays heading into 25. What better way to celebrate heading into 25. Yeah. Than with a bottle of Shea ba la porter. If you can't find it in a state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to you. And one more thing, please drink responsibly.


Go follow my media company on all of it platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest releases just dropped last month. We've got t-shirts, sweats, as well as stocking stuffers. Such as, such as beanies, cruises, and mugs. Quantities are limited. Make sure you go grab yours while supplies last. Hopefully everyone has received their merch Monday, Tuesday of last week. All obviously Christmas was on Wednesday and then we had Thursday, Friday, Saturday. And so hopefully by today everybody has received what they ordered. They're pleased with what they ordered and very happy with the quality in which they thought it would be.


Let us know what you think. Guys. Ever since Black Friday we put all the merch on sale ever since Black Friday. So a little better part of six weeks. Ocho this the, the, the merchant has been marked down, right? It goes back to original price at the top of the year. So January one, the original price will go back into effect. So if you want to take advantage of the, the Black Friday pricing you have tonight and tomorrow, because on Wednesday it goes back to the original pricing. Thank you guys for your support because without you this wouldn't happen. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned in the top of the chat.


February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards, the best American Football podcast and best Sports comedy podcast. Please go vote for us. The link it in the chat depend on our social pages and in all our social bios. The Lions defeated the 49 ERs. 40 to 34, Detroit improved to 14 and two, including a perfect eight and O on the road. This is coming Sunday against game against the Vikings. We'll determine which of those teams finish atop the NFC North. Yeah. And gets the number one seed. That's what you want to have happen. NFL couldn't have drawn, drawn it up any, any anyway, any other way.


Ocho you got two teams battling out. There's more than stake. You get the division champ and you get the team the, to get the number one seed. Tonight's victory, mark, the first Lions Road went against the 49 ERs since 1975. Yeah. And you got to go back OCHO 1937 in which the team scored 10 touchdowns and nobody punted 10 tubs. Yeah, no punts. Right? The pun took the night off. I know what you call him San Francisco. Which the kicker, he took the night off too. I didn't wanna say nothing, but he did ocho, He, Joe did. He took, he, he took the night off.


But Ocho, the Bengals 14 and two go on the road. 40 to 34 over the San F Francisco. Hold, hold on, hold on, hold on. You just said, see, I know you got us on your mind 'cause you understand we're the best team in the a ffc, but you said the Bengals. I said the, I said the Bengals. Yeah. Okay. Detroit Lions go on the road and they beat the 49 ERs, 40 to 34, 14 and two Detroit six in 10. San Francisco. San Francisco played very, very well. But I just want to know, yeah, did those two do the, did those two interceptions that purdy through, did they play any role in them losing this game? Any role whatsoever? Yeah, absolutely. Because Be careful what you saying now be careful what you saying. I've heard you say before. Absolutely. Absolutely.


Are you sure? Are you, is that's your final answer? Yeah. Hey, there were points scored off those turnovers. Okay. So when Joe Burrow turned the ball over against the Bengals and the other team scored, I wait until you say that. You see what I did. You see I walked you right into that. Hey, I asked you were you sure? Yeah. You, Hey listen, you walked me right into that one. You walked me right into that one. Yeah. Yeah. Talk about, talk about Purdy and the, the 49 ERs. Listen Per purdy, Purdy can't make those kind of mistakes. You can't make those kind of mistakes. Obviously. You are already behind the eight ball as far as, as far as you don't have any play, you don't have any chance at making the playoffs right now, you know, but in order to win a game playing is a team like Detroit that can put up a 50 ball at any point.


'cause you have a, you have a, a head coach that wanted to play extremely aggressive. He's going on on fourth down, third down, second down, he going on, he'll go fourth on fifth down if they had five goddamn down. So you have to make, you have to be conscious of your decision making. And when you're throwing the ball, Kirby Joseph, a young bull play, having a hell of a season on yes. Having a hell of a season with Two great ball skills. Two cept the night, one Purdy sale on the, on the, on the mid dig route. Then the second one, he that, that's straight film. He Stared it down. Hey, that's straight film study. Not only staring it down, but just, just knowing the tendencies and what they wanna run based on formation in a lineman.


He jumped that right away. I was wondering, Has played better. Yes. Played better. Okay. I was wondering how long, how many times they're gonna let him run the dagger route before somebody jumped it. Yeah. Yeah. How many times did we see Piol run it? How many times did we see K Kilda run it? How many times did we see Jwan Jennings running it? Yeah. I'm like, well damn y'all just gonna let him run Dagger or override the whole game. Ain't nobody gonna jump anything. Yeah. Yep. They kept, they kept doing it over and over. Dang. Just using different players to run. That's it. The exact thing. Same exact thing. And and the thing is, and you know, Purry doesn't have the strongest arm. Right. So he's got, see, he's got, he's got to kind of glance at it because he doesn't have an arm.


It's like, I trust it and I can get it there. I get it there. Yeah. So he's staring, throwing in anticipation. And, and Joseph, you look at Joseph, he steady watching his eyes and he steady drifted like, okay, you going that way because you ain't got the kind of arm to look me off here and go back over There and didn't come back to it. No, No. I ain't even worried about it. Right. I'm not worried about it. Right. And Joseph made two great plates. Like you said he sell that one on Pierce saw. No, he sell that one on. Yeah. Pearsall. And then he sell another one on youth check. Yeah. Wolf back. Yeah. And so, but the Lions Ocho look, their defense, you can have, you know, their defense give up a lot of points and yards, but you gotta score.


Yeah. Yeah. Your, the likelihood of you beating Detroit and you scoring 17 points, you scoring 20 points. I don't believe you're gonna do it. That that ain't gonna cut it, that ain't gonna Cut it. I don't believe so either. That's what makes that, that's what makes the next game that they have, if I'm not mistaken, they, they playing the Vikings. Right. Vikings in Detroit. Hey, that's gonna be a shootout that's going, that's going to, that's going to be a shootout. Now in this game, obviously I can get the a I can get the edge to the goddamn Viking simply because of the defense that they have and the amount of pressure that Flores is going to put on golf. So, I mean that's, that's gonna be an interesting one. I'm excited, I'm excited for the Lions and the, and and what listen with Dan Campbell has been able to do in such a short amount of time in changing a laughing stock of an organization around that fast, that fast with all season acquisitions, trades via, you know, via draft is unbelievable.


The, the way they put everything together. You look at what Brad Holmes has done, you take Jamir Gibbs, everybody say you don't draft a running back with the top, got a top 10 pick. You don't take Gibbs. Yes. You, you, you get Jay Mo Jameson Williams. Yeah. He's, and he's coming off an injury. So you don't even play you because you're like, man, the likelihood of us getting a receiver next year that's as talented as this kid isn't very good. Let's get him, we can stash him. Right. They go out, they draft Aiden Hutchinson, we, we see what he did. You know, they made the trade for Jerry Goff, all Auburn Ross St. Brown. Yeah. Let's sign him long term to make sure we have him in the fold. Pinay Sue, we gonna make sure we sign him. Have him in the fold. Oh, let's start tying up some of our younger players.


But they've done a great job Yeah. Of drafting. That's the key. They've done a, not just the first round ocho, but if you go look at the later round picks, they're doing extremely well. Right. They're very smart, judicious with their free agent money. Yeah. Knowing that, you know, look, we got a quarterback that's making a ton of money. We got an offensive tackle that's made a making a ton of money. We got a a, a wide receiver that's making a ton of money. Yep. And you know, Jaymo gonna be coming up. He gonna be knocking at the door pretty soon. And so they've done a great job of tying up people that they want for the long haul. They've done a great job of that. Brad Holmes, he deserves a lot of credit. That's the general manager of the, the Detroit Lions. That's sir, give him some credit because for a lot of times they, they, they wasted some picks.


Yeah. You know, they hit on Megatron and then Charlie Rogers couldn't stay healthy. Yeah. Roy Williams had a great couple years and Yeah. And then he Rest in peace. Rest in peace. Yeah. He moved on and so I, I like, I like what I'm seeing from Detroit. They got a very good to like, look, look at Jerry golf with 26 and 34 3 touchdowns. Clean game Jme Gibbs 18 rushes 117 yards. One touchdown. Yeah. They had 33 rushers 1 52. And because they're so balanced, 34 rush attempts. 33, I mean 34 pass attempts. 33 rush attempts. Yeah. Balanced. Very Balanced. And because they can run an ocho. So now when he stick that ball in the belly of Gibbs Yeah.


Or Reynolds or one of those running backs, Everybody's sucking up. They got to, you gotta react. You got got in that split second is all you need. That's this thing. Hey Ocho. Yeah. And you see that play The hit Almond Ross St. Brown on the dig route. He pitches the day mo cum. I said, boy look here. Detroit Lions, boy they got more tricks than a thousand escort. Boy. They they got, they got a bag. Boy. I'm just saying Ocho, he was in his bag tonight. I'm just saying Ocho. I'm just saying Wait a minute. I, I, hold on now, now I don't know the price of escort, but ESCO's cost a thousand dollars. Hey, it all depends what you want. But they got the tricks. I mean, a and the trick, a more and more tricks cost more and more money.


You know what I'm saying? Okay. Okay. A plain hamburger back cost you $2. Add pickles. That's another 50 cents. Add lettuce. That's some more money. Add onions, add bacon, add eggs. You know what I'm saying? Don, add avocado. See what started as a $2 burger. By the time you get it cost you 10. Hey Go The call come over there. She come on the phone. 500. Okay. What you want? Want a back rub? That's another two 50. You want something else? That's another one. I'm just saying, I dunno, I ain't never ordered one. I'm just saying, I can just imagine. I can just imagine. Hey, that's a good one. That's a good, a Good one. So, but this, this was a very This is what, this is what you want. Yeah. At the end of the season you get Detroit, you get the Vikings.


Yeah. Meaningful, meaningful games. You get Pittsburgh and you get Cincinnati. Right. Meaningful, meaningful games. You want games to mean something. And because they mean something. Look, Josh Allen's gonna go in there. He, he got a consecutive start streak going. They don't break that. So he's gonna come in and take one snap. He probably hand the ball off and that's his day. Yeah. That's his day. Patrick Holmes, he ain't dressing out. Yeah. Andy Reed said, we don't, we haven't decided. I need to talk to my starters what we gonna do. Right. They not playing guys. So Cars, Carson wins is gonna start. Right. Carson wins is gonna start. So even with Carson wins, even with Carson wins starting, we understand he is had some success at the quarterback position as, as of late, obviously towards a, I'm not sure.


After his injury, he wasn't as good as he once was. Yes. Know what Carson wins can do when he plays Well. I think Andy Reed is gonna have him in a position, which is why I felt so confident about, even though they're playing the b side of the Chiefs, I felt so confident in the Chiefs winning because they can lean on their defense as long as Carson wins could play. How, how many of the defenses starters you think gonna play? It's only, it's only 53 people on the roster and now they can't, they they kick it every goddamn body. I guarantee you a bunch. Somebody, somebody, somebody gotta play. They do. I guarantee there's gonna be a lot of practice. Practice squad guys get called up this week. Right. Ooh, hey. You know, so it it doesn't even matter for them anyway, huh?


No, they, they got, they got number one seat already sold up. They're, they're locked in into number one. Buffalo's locked in the number two, the winner Pittsburgh and Baltimore gets locked into three and, and Houston is locked into the four C. Okay. Is it too late for me to renege on that bet and take that bet back? Yeah, it is. It's too way too late. Okay. Okay. Too late. Okay. Okay. I'm down too late. I don't know if you heard of the song by Varus. There was a group called Varus. Right. And they had a song. Best, one of their best songs was called Too Late. Right. Yeah. We done locked the store. We done locked the Door. Right. We done cleaned up the store. It's too late. Damn. Well I appreciate that. So I make sure you're in New Orleans. Make sure you bring us a little extra for you.


Boy, I appreciate that. Really appreciate that. But the Detroit Lions 40 San Francisco 49 ERs 34. Detroit improves the 14 and two including a perfect eight and O at home. Yeah. The Knight marked the Lions first road win against the 49 ERs since 1975. So almost 40 years. Crazy. The last beat, the 49 ERs on the road. Obviously we know they lost to the 49 ERs last year. Last year in the NFC championship game. They came back, they wanted to come out here because it was a very important game. Very, very important ball game for them. But you look at Ricky Pearsall had his best game as a pro.


Yeah. What, six months after getting shot in the chest? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Boom. Eight for 1 41 in a touchdown. George Kittle eight catches a buck 12. Tremendous Juwan Jennings seven for 67 OCHO on the eyeball. He had it. I don't know. You can't throw that light that out ball late. You gotta throw Listen, he'd be in the back of the Head. Yeah. If you don't have an arm strength for one as a quarterback, you gotta know. You gotta know your arm arm Strength. You gotta throw that thing under just a patient. You got to know. Listen, when you take that drop, when you coming from under center or if you're in the gun, you can't take no hitch. You gotta hit that third step Back foot. Go the ball Got the ball got to go.


It got to be gone. It got no hitch. You have to anticipate it. If you don't have the arm strength like a Brett Fav or Aaron Rogers, some of those dudes that have, you know, arm talent like that. Yes. You ever get out, get outta there. Purdy has to have better anticipatory skills man. You, you have to. And tonight he was off. Yeah. When that back foot hit, that ball's gotta come out outta there. And and that's what a lot of times when guys that don't have the arm, you go watch him when Joe threw that ball. Or when you say Steve Young threw that ball. Yeah. That ball is 1, 2, 3, boom, it's gone. Gone. It's gotta be. And and Jerry Goff on the fourth down, he's gotta throw that ball in anticipation. Yeah. The the the, the field is so condensed. The, the deep, the defense is not gonna disperse like they would because they don't have to, they don't have to worry about somebody running by him.


Right. So they got the back of the end zone. He's gotta throw that. When Laporta gets to the top of that route, that ball's gotta be gone. No joke. Gotta be gone. It's gotta be gone. And when he, when Laporta caught the touchdown on the angle, he was laid on that one. That one? Yeah. Yeah. It's just the deep. I'm like, bro, why y'all getting, so first of all, if the db, all he had to do was glance, you think LaPorte's gonna run a go ball and they just ran the back on the swing route. Come on, come on Defense. Now y'all smarter than that now. Yeah. Okay. What's the likelihood of Laporta running up the rail and they run a swing route? Hmm. No, what they're trying to do is to get me to widen.


To take the back back. Yeah. And they're gonna bring Laport to back. Well, yep. Wow. How you know that Sharp, wherever you leave from, they going replace you. Yeah. That's it Man. How do you know that? Because I know you don't know that. That's why I know that. That's why I know that because I know you gonna take the cheese. Yeah. Hey we dangle the cheese out there. He gone. Yeah. Come in right behind him. Thank you. Appreciate you. Appreciate you leaving the, your door unlocked. Yeah. I'm Finn go in here and pillage the plate and I, by the time you get back, I'll be long gone. But your items will be missing. Yeah. But the lion, the Lions win OCHO


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on the go Travelers with real-time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


We all have experienced praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress. E free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Yeah, T Higgins willing to take less money to stay with the Bengals. Being paid is the number one receiver isn't the top motivator. I'm played with one of the best quarterbacks, one of the best wide receivers that thing's open up for me in this offense. Everyone gets a chance to be spotlighted. I just read an article today that T Higgins market is gonna be somewhere a little bit, a little north of 30 million a year on the free agent market. Yes Sir. Now look, that's his choice. I think he's saying all the right things and you don't want to because you know ocho, if he goes, oh, he's selfish. Why he selfish? Mike Brown done made all that money. He ain't paid but a handful of people since he owned the team. You got, you got you got you gotta talk to him.


I I I can't say it no more. I mean you can you please tell the people in the chat? I'm sure we, I'm listen, I know we have a lot of Bangal fans in the chat right now. I I know we do. Can you please tell them the importance of your first contract as a player after you put all the work in to get to this point? And I, I know, I know he means, well I know he does. I I would love to see him stay. But you, you gotta say something. 'cause I done said it. I don't think people listen to me 'cause they've been arguing me down. You know, my, my fans you know that I love dearly. Yes. They've been arguing me down based on what I said. Maybe if they hear from you. I, I I don't know man. The First contract, especially t Higgins was a, a second round pick if I'm not mistaken.


Your first contract is what solidifies everything. Now that gives you if you want to down the road Ocho Yeah. If you want to take a little less money or you wanna give 'em a little haircut. Now look, when I say give you a haircut, I ain't getting no damn baldhead now I ain't getting no kojack. Right. That's what you used call a bald head when I was growing up. Oche. Hey, the old man going, Hey, hey Green, gimme that co Jack Ko jack. That meant that meant a bald head. Nah, I ain't getting no, I ain't getting no bald. Now if you say, okay, I'm gonna stay, I could go get 30 31 million as a free agent, now you gonna gimme 28 29. So when I projected out, that's about okay, I'm gonna lose 10 million. I can, I, you know what Ocho with a couple of, with, you know, with a couple of incentives here or there.


I do a couple of appearances, I can make that up. Right. But when you tell me on the free agent market, I can get five years, 160 million with 80 million guaranteed. And what y'all can only get to is 120 million. Oh hell no. 20 when you start, once you get past 20, 30 million. Right. I can't even hear nothing y'all saying. Yeah, I mean, Y'all jiving. Yeah. I I, no, I can't give because here's the thing, Ocho Yeah. If, if the networks were to go to the NFL. Yes sir. Y'all cut us a deal. What you think they gonna say? Ocho?


No. Uhuh. They're not getting no deal from the n the NFL is not giving because I I don't think y'all understand. Chad, stay with me right here. Do y'all realize that even though like ESPN has paid 2.2 billion and Fox has paid 2 billion and and all these networks, do you realize even on playing the 2 billion, the 1.8, the other 2.2 billion that in order for EPN to show video clips? Yeah, they gotta pay for that too. Oh Yeah. 11 minutes of video clips is about $2 million. Let that sink in chat. Listen to me. 11 minutes worth of video clips. How many video clips do you think EPN show in a day? A lot. How many of you think they show in a week?


Same for Fox? Same for CBS. Same for NBC. Yep. Same for Amazon. Think about that. So I just pay, hold on. It's like ocho. Yes sir. I go pay $200,000 for a car. Ooh. You mean to tell me I gotta pay for the umbrella to come in the car too? You can't gimme that as a discount. Give a dang. Yeah. I mean listen, listen, I, I just, I I don't understand and I, I I think about the nature of the business when it comes time to get paid. What for one, the team aren't gonna come to you with your best interest in heart or in mind. They gonna low ball. They gonna low ball you. Of course they, they gonna low ball you. You know, I, I I understand. I know the game that they're going to play as much as I love the game of football, but I understand the bidding war.


I understand what it's gonna take to get your money. I understand what it's gonna take to get what you deserve. Already having a $55 million quarterback already having Jamar Chase, who should be paid top premium dollar as a one. Yeah. As either he should, he should reset the market, right? Or no? Oh yeah. Yeah. He gonna be, he gonna be, he gonna probably be, he gonna probably he gonna touch 40. He's looking to touch 40. Yeah. Because, because if you got him last your ocho he said, okay, gimme a million, gimme $2 million per year. Right. Plus another 5 million more guaranteed than, than Jutta got. Right. And I'm cool with that. Right. But y'all make me play, hold on. I got the triple crown. Y'all made me play, y'all made me swim these shark infested waters.


Waters. Yeah. And I came out on the other side. Yeah. I'm breathing heavy. Yes Sir. But I'm made the promise land. Yeah. Now y'all gonna have to break bread. Yeah. It's D you'll have to break bread. It's different. You know, it was, it was a gamble. It was a gamble on the Bengals end. You know, and you wanna say and mention, oh, he has two years left on his contract. And I said, I said it before the season started. I wouldn't care if he had 50 years left on his contract. He understand the type of player and the individual you have. Yes. Standing, not what he's doing now, but what he's going to continue to do in the foreseeable future. You might wanna lock him up and get him a little cheaper now as opposed to letting him play. And now you see what you got, you got a goddamn triple crown went on your hands.


15, 16 something goddamn touchdowns. Nah, I mean listen, you, you can't play now. There's nothing you can say, there is no excuse now that you can say nothing. Both of them t Higgins too. They made t Higgins play on the franchise tag. Yeah. Man, he upset about that. Yeah. They made Chase go back and play. Right. He had upset about that. But if you notice, now here's the thing. If, if neither guy is willing to give a discount, the fan's gonna label him selfish. They don't care anything about winning. Well, considering that you don't wanna pay the guys, that means you don't care about winning either. Yeah, because I just want y'all to know. Everybody think well that's what Tom Brady did. There been a lot of other guys that's taken discount that didn't win like Tom Brady.


Yeah. So just like you take Tom Brady and like him be the outlier. Right. What about all the other guys that took discounts that didn't win Super Bowls? This Who this is, this is who people have to understand about Tom Brady's situation about being able to take less. For one, you had be a Belichick, you had a great, you had a great coaching staff. You have a a, a organized structural organization that built to win win. So I'm taking less because I understand what I can do, what I can do if with taking less and what Bill can do when it comes to drafting and bringing in creating players. Okay. It worked. It worked because they had a system. So you know what, okay, I could take less. Not only can I take less, but I'm also married to the richest woman in Marlin as well.


Yes. Whatever, whatever I'm missing out on, I make the four times 10 because she makes three times what I'm making anyway. A year we Got a two, we got a two, we got a two income household. What most NFL players don't have a two income household. I just be, and that's listen and I don't want y'all to try to beat OCHO up up tonight. Right. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. But what Tom Brady had with his former wife, Giselle is unique. Yeah. Most NFL players, their wives aren't working and if they are working, they're not generating that kind of income. So it's easy. Yeah. When was making 10, she was making 25. Yeah. So that's a $35 million hou income household.


Most, most households it's not working like that. Now, I'm not saying there might be some that they have a little, a little side hustle going on, but for the most part, the Money is the money They the money she making is different. Yes. Different. She making quarterback, she making number one quarterback money. But she was making that 10 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. She, she was making that 10 years ago. She was an entity. She was already a business. As a matter of fact, she was more popular when Tom went when they got together. Yeah. She was a bigger name. Oh yeah. Absolutely. That you know, you know you big when you go by one name.


Now most Brazilians, when they become something, they go by one name. You get palate, you get Ronald Dino, you get Nemar. Amar. Yeah. You Get, Yeah, You get, you get, you get, that's when, that's when you know when you by one name Steph Magic Jordan. Yeah, Kobe Shaq. Okay. Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, well speaking of I, I, I just did something with Shaq tonight. I just did did something with Shaq tonight. What'd you Do with Shaq? What'd you do with Shaq tonight? We was Breaking, breaking, breaking cards, breaking cards, memorabilia. So, you know, people watch the chat on TikTok and they, they personally memorabilia, but they don't know what's in it.


And so we opened it and you know, it, it's, it's Jim Kelly. We, we pulled John away tonight, signed autograph stuff. So they Oh, okay. I, they paid for the item, but you don't know what's in the item until we open it. Oh, okay. Like that. So me and Shaq. So It's kinda like, it's kinda like potluck. You never know what you're gonna get. You know, get something like, but you don't dunno who. Yeah. Yeah. And Shaq told, Shaq told me to tell you. He say it's no problem, it's no issues. He love you. So when, when he I I will see. I gonna see it, man. Look, I ain't got no problem with Shaq. I've known Shaq a long time. Yeah. Yeah. The trainer that used to train me train Shaq. I ain't got no beef with Shaq. Yeah. Shaq. No, I ain't got no beef with him. Yeah. He just told me to tell you he love me and he, he see, But I see.


I'm, I'm gonna catch up with him next time. I'm, next time I'm in, in, in in the A because he's down there. He's a little south of me, but I'm gonna catch up with him. Ocho check this out. Yes sir. Before leading NFL receivers in the NFL. Yes. What they were, were all born with 20 miles of each other. Jamar Chase was born in Harvey, Louisiana. Yeah. Justin Jefferson, St. Rose, Louisiana, CD, lamb, Al Lasa, Al Lasa Alola. I guess that, correct me if I'm wrong, y'all let me know the, the correct pronunciation Yeah. Of Louisiana. Brian Thomas Jr. Was in Walker, Louisiana. And for a bonus, Malik Neighbors was in Lafayette, Louisiana. And that's crazy. Huh?


That's crazy. Now listen, we not talking about just any four players. Yeah. Just talking about No, any four players. We talking about Elite. Yes. Brian to jr. I'm not sure how many of y'all in the chat actually watch the Jacksonville Jaguars. I'm not talking about the TV cop and No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He, he, no, no, no. He for real. He for real. Hey. He is the real deal. The real deal. Matter of fact, I tweeted, I tweeted I tweeted him multiple times talking about him, his plate, you know, Pelus, prior of the season, he sent me a jersey to the house. Brian Thomas Jr. And the Jackson, the Jacksonville Jaguars Twitter account. I appreciate y'all. I love you. I got my jersey. It's already framed up. So I I definitely wasn't putting that on. But Malik Nrs the real deal.


Matter of fact. Oh yeah. Malik Nabors is the reason why the damn giants don't have the number one, the number one pick no more. He basically said, I'm going to take things into my own hands and I'm gonna go out hand and cut a goddamn fool. 'cause you ain't putting me with no goddamn rookie quarterback next year. Bring me somebody hit that season. Give me a vet. The perfect situation if you're not gonna be able to position to get a rookie. Yeah. I'm gonna go get Sam Darnell. Ooh, Sam, remember I told you last night. Hey ho, hold on now you gotta be careful. Now let, let, let's be careful. Remember Sam, we saw Sam Donna with the Carolina Panthers. Right, right. We saw Sam Donna with the New York Jets. Right. Now you take Sam Donna and you put him with the Giants.


You give him what he deserves based on this play this season. Yeah. Now all he has is Malik Nabors. Now is that you really wanna, do You remember how long didn't he have, didn't he get Gary Wilson, the, the rookie of the offensive rookie of the year? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Wasn't he the quarterback with Gary Wilson? Oh yeah. So, you know, obviously they, they're gonna need some more pieces. Yeah. And the Giants got cap space. Yeah. Now, now, now even now, They gonna have some dead cap space with the quarterback losing the quarterback. But they're gonna have some space to go out and get somebody else. Hey, hell, I'll make a play. Hey, him and t Higgins pair them up. Ooh, with, with, with, with, with, with Sam Donald. Hey. Okay. I I like that. But wait, where at though?


You talking about New York? Yeah. The Giants. Woo. See now, now you talking imagine that Malik neighbors on one side, t Higgins on the other, Sam Dono is the quarterback in that New York market. Ain't that New York market. Yes, man, stop playing. Hey TI know you gonna see this, you know, and I to listen, I'm, you know, I, I love you to death. I love my bangals to death, but I just want you to, I wanna see you get what you deserve, you know? Yeah. That, that's all, that's All. It's almost like Ocho this reminds you of like in the, in Pennsylvania. Yeah. Montana, Marino, Namath. Yeah. All of them from that little pocket.


Yeah. So many, you know, what's the old boy name? Reba's. Yeah. Aliquippa. Tony Dorsett. Yeah. Aliquippa. I mean that, that little small little Pennsylvania, a lot of Hall of Famers came out of there. But this is, I mean, within 120 miles of each other. It'd be interesting. They probably, you know, chase and Jefferson, they probably know each other before they got on the recruiting trail. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Don't Joe. 'cause you know, you know why they know each other because whatever, whatever, whatever parts of Louisiana they were from. Yeah. They didn't just start getting good. They been Oh yeah. Right. They've been good way back then. So obviously, you know, you know of players in different counties and in different cities that are playing well.


So I'm sure they know each other, especially the seven on seven stuff when they were coming up. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And I'm sure they crossed paths in those, in those type of areas and environments. Chase is gonna win. The, gonna win the Triple Crown. Yeah. Jetta's having an outstanding season. He's over a hundred, a hundred catches. Malik neighbors. Yeah. He's on pace. Well the, the only thing is is that he's got Brian Brock Bowers. Yeah. Who needs nine catches that set the single season record for tight ends. Right. He has eight, four more catches than Malik neighbors. He has 1 0 8 neighbors has 1 0 4. But that, listen, that's it.


That says a lot too, man. Yeah. Lot like, listen, I, bro Bowers was the real deal at Georgia. He was a real deal. I didn't know what he would be in the NFL. Oh I knew. We've seen many players. We've seen many players dominate, you know, at, at the college level and get the NFL and absolutely disappeared. But Brock Bowers is, everything is advertised. Boy, you know Why I thought he, Everything is advertised. You know why I thought he would be good ocho? Yes sir. Because he's not a finesse tight end. He's an old school. Put his hand in the dirt tight end. Right. Okay. That's tremendous run after the catch. He has great body control. He got great hands, can catch the ball in traffic. Yeah. He's good run after the catch. Now is he Gronk, is he Mark Navarro or some of these big George Kittle?


No, right. No, no, no, no. He's not that right now. I'm not saying he's that, but he's a decent and what I tell guys all the time, are you more of an asset in the passing game than you are a liability in the run game? Ooh. 'cause if you are, you can play, you can be special in this league because that's all I'm asking. Right. And that's what I told. I said, Mike, I'm gonna be more of an asset than I am a liability now. Now if you want me to try to hold up against Reggie and Stray Hand and Bruce Right. It ain't happening. So I'm gonna go ahead and tell you right now. Go ahead and put somebody else in there and when it come to passing down, let me go on and get my little passes and I'll come on out. Yeah. But they ain't gonna just whip wear me out all day long. I'm gonna get in a couple of wins now.


And so that's the way you gotta approach it. But four leading receivers all within 120 miles of each other as Chase, Justin, Jefferson, cd, lamb, Ryan Thomas, Jr. And Malik Neighbors for Good Measure Ocho Hey, as after the ahead before you go, as great as, as great as Malik Ns is, Brian Toman Jr. Jamar Chase and Justin Jefferson. Like I would probably lock them up. And I have footage too. I have footage of me locking up Justin Jefferson and Jamar Chase and I think I would probably do the same to Malik Neighbors and Brian what Jr. What, What's up with all these pairs you got Odell and Jarvis were together. Yeah. You got Jetta and, and Chase were together.


Yeah. And you got neighbors and Thomas were together. What the hell? Yeah, I I I don't know. I I don't know. They might, we might have to call LSU wide receiver University. Yeah. And Some people say, some people say it's Ohio State. Ohio State. Some People say it's Alabama. I, I don't know right now. Alabama was hot. Yeah. Alabama had a good run. Yeah. Now They had, they had Julio and they had Ridley and they had Amarii Cooper. Judy Amarii Cooper. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Judy, yeah. Know Brook Waddle. They had a Nice Walter, they had a nice pipeline coming through, but them goddamn LSU Tigers. But they knocking on the door now They, they they doing something special. Ocho ocho ocho. What happened? What happened After a 41 7 loss?


The Cowboys wasn't bad enough. Then you had Michael Parkson. This is what Michael Parkson says. Okay. They had two big runs, three good deep shots. He told reporters. Other than that we made them earn it. You take away the scoreboard and it was about five plays that decided the game. That's why they keep his score. Hey, hey Michael. Funny man Michael, funny. Look, listen, glass half full. I understand what you're talking about. I understand what he's talking about. I'm saying he, I can understand what you're talking about. Like, you take your score away. I felt we played well enough. No, you didn't. I I That's why you got B 41 7. Yeah, IIII know that.


So I, I'm trying to understand, I understand what he's trying to say, but the delivery in the context of what he's trying to say, it don't fit. Okay. So what about your team? Because you know you Okay, you said them, you only scored seven. Yeah. So how many players? So what happened to that? I don't know. I, I don't, I don't, bro, do you understand there's nothing when you look Ocho Yeah. If you say if the score was 28, 27, the score was 28 31. Right. You got a compelling argument. If a play here, play there Ocho, when you get beat 41 7, they got a whole lot of plays. You got no plays. Yeah. Yeah.


I'm confused. Yeah. That's, that's mercy. It makes, it makes, it makes No, it makes no sense. It probably made sense to him right there in that moment. But I'm, I'm, I guarantee you if you go back and he listened to it, he'd be like, you know what? I should have thought that one through. I should have thought that one through before I said it. But he might really stand on business about what he said because maybe he's the only one that understand what he meant. Yeah. That could be it. That's what delusion does. A delusional person believes what he sees what he or see she what he or C says. That's what delusion causes you to do. Right.


It's okay to say God, hey, they was just a better team today. That's what happens. Yeah. You play a better, you play a good team like that and you don't take care of your responsibilities. This is what's possible. Yeah. You 41 to seven. But to sit there and say it was a play. It was five plays. I'm confused. Chatham, I the only, are y'all confused? Am I the only one that's confused by what he said? It's o ocho. It's okay to say nothing. It's okay to say, you know what, they just built a better team today. Yeah. Hey, chalk it up. They beat us. They beat us both times. They scored this many points on us in Dallas. They came, we came here and they beat us. They're just the better team.


It's okay. Right. Nobody, not that there's not one cowboy fan, there's not one realistic cowboy player. Right. That think the cowboys that showed up yesterday are the equivalent to the eagle. Not one. If you're honest with yourself not 'cause if you're not honest with yourself, that explains why you're in the predicament that you're in. Mm. Yeah. Not, not even close. Not even, oh, Cho it's not even close. Yeah. I mean they done went, they done went to their third string quarterback and he throwing touchdowns on you and you talk about you a couple of their third string quarterback. Yeah. Listen, Is doing damage to y'all.


Yeah. You know, the Cowboys played well the past two weeks though. Especially defensive league. They, they played 'cause they have no expectations. You see what happens when you don't have expectations. Yeah. You see Now I told you Ocho, they went in there Tampa. Good team. Yeah. Ain't nobody expect anything. Tampa gonna blow him out. They win a couple of games. You're like, okay. They beat they beat the commanders. Yeah. They beat they beat Tampa and you're like, oh yeah, the Cowboys. Oh, Jerry started feeling himself. I love the way McCarthy got these guys playing. They, they didn't pack it in. They played tough. Okay, now we gonna see what y'all gonna do. Whoa. Woo woo woo. Yeah, it it, it wasn't pretty What books in? It wasn't pretty No.


What? 40 40? But I'm just trying to figure out at 41 to seven what plays that you could have made that would've made a difference. Difference in the game. Yeah. Well, honestly, he said that there five plays, maybe them five plays was, was when they scored. Okay. Okay. That explains them. What about the plays that you didn't make? Right. Okay. What about, so, so what happened in your offense? So when your offense had the ball, what did they do? Right? He, I, I'm assuming he's talking about his defense against their offense. Okay. What about your offense against their defense? Right. You, you guys, you gotta you gotta speak as, as a, as a team.


You gotta speak for the team. You can't speak from an individual standpoint or just your side of the ball. I, I'm, I'm, I'm Jerry gonna be upset Texas monthly. I'm assuming this is a magazine in Texas, right? It is the biggest magazine in Texas. They named Jerry Jones Bum Steer of the Year. Is that good or Bad of his ownership? The Dallas Cowboys have become a moneymaking, mediocrity for a transforming America's team into America's punchline. We're giving Jerry Jones our highest dishonor. Oh. Can you see the picture? Can y'all see the picture on the screen? Yeah.


And why they got Jerry? We gonna get that. We gonna get that focus in. He not gonna be happy Jerry. Like positive stuff written about him. Right. Well wait, wait a minute, wait a minute now you can't, you can't say you want positive stuff written about you when that's just not what is given right now. There. What, what? Well, They got Jerry shaped like a football and they kicked it. What, what, what are you gonna say positive about what's going on with the Cowboys right now? Outside of him not knowing when to not know him, when to stop talking. You remember that that radio personality ask him that question and what did he say? Oh, that's right, that's right. That's right. Forgot that he tried to abuse his power. Okay. Okay. Forgot they said Jared Bum Steer of the Year.


You, you finally won something, Jerry. Oh, that, that is messed up. Messed up, Shannon. But I mean, in order. But, but, but here's the thing is that Ocho you have to do a self-analysis of yourself and you have to be honest. Yeah. No matter what it, it is not just the business. I think everybody, at the end of the year before you go into the new year, you look back and says, okay, here are some things that I thought I did really, really well. Right. Here's some things I think I need to do better. Here are some things I was just gone awful at. And that can't happen Again. Everybody should do a deep dive. I mean, don't, I mean, a lot of people do a, a deep clean of their home. Right. You know what I'm saying? They, Hey, I'm gonna do, you know, I'm, I'm cleaning this and I'm, oh, I'm getting rid of some stuff.


I'm, you know, I'm gonna do this X, Y, and Z. Right. I think we all should do that. Do a deep dive of self-analysis of ourselves, and then we can come out. Okay. Okay. And just try to be a better person. Jerry refuses to do that. I like That. I like that. I like everything you just said. I'm gonna take that into account and I'm gonna do that at 1159 right before the ball drop. Yes. You should Do My own stuff. You should. I mean, I think everybody should. Right? I mean, I do it every year. There are things that I've done that I'm pleased with. There's some things that I've done that I'm not pleased with. There's some things that I know I can do better. You are always trying to improve the, the moment you're satisfied as a person, you're through as an individual.


Yeah. That's it. That's it. And I don't think enough people understand that. Some people, like, you know, I, I, I don't just look at it with, I got money. Really? Yeah. I don't want money to be a horrible person. I don't. Yeah. You can't. I don't, you can't, you can't allow money to, to be your identity. Nah. It, it can't. Most people allow money to be their identity. That's it. That's All. It allows 'em to controlling you become a prisoner to the, to the dollar. Yeah. And so that's, that's not where I am. I think everybody should do that chat. You know, maybe look, look back at yourself and like, man, what did I do well? What could I, what could I have done better? How could I become a better father, a better mother, a better brother, a better son, a better boyfriend, brother, girlfriend.


A better whatever. A better employee. A better employee earn, right. Whatever the case may be, there's always things that we can improve upon. And I think we should try to improve upon those things


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together, we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash


Now,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health


Cowboys. Legend Michael Irvin. The Playmaker believes this former team needs more. Hey, make it up. But what I, here's Michael that lives in Dallas. Yeah. Playing for the cowboy. But when I say that, SHA, let me read what he says. I'm, I'm gonna read what he says in this entirety. I just think it's time to go in another direction. I hear this late surge to be maybe go stay with Mike. I'm not on that bandwagon. What I believe is this team needs more discipline. I'm not saying Mike McCarthy is not a good ex and old coach, but I think the teams need more discipline. Right. And it's hard to bring that in when you say the guy doesn't have the firm hand of discipline is going to bring somebody else in and help with that discipline.


That doesn't work. You can't come off as soft and then try to get tough. It's a wrap. You gotta come in and tough and then lighten up because the guys feel that they've earned some respect. Earn some loosening up a little bit. Right. But you come in loose and then you try to get firm that's just get flat. That's exactly right. It's easy to be firm. Right. And lighten up as opposed to be soft because you see it as a parent. The soft par you done been soft for the whole for like 2, 3, 4 years and you, you get in here Johnny and Johnny said A as opposed, as opposed to with Shannon, get you Somebody. It's different. Different Yes.


Because they know with Shannon, Hey, the kids know with Shannon. Get You. Yeah. Hey, listen. And matter of fact, just like that, how you just did it. I, yeah, I got picture. My grandma right now, I'm up there in the choir sitting in the puke playing around with somebody and I look out there, I look out there and you can see her doing the same thing. Boy, if you don't, you don't stop. You can't scream at church. So I, I think I can get away with it. Shy Them grandparents ventriloquist. They be talking to your lift. Don't be movie. You'll see nothing. Because I'd be over there, I'd be over there asleep and my, my grandma look at my brother. Yeah, My brother hug me like this and I look over my grandma And you can repeat every word.


That Wasn't the Holy Ghost y'all. When I started crying at church, that wasn't the Holy Ghost. My grandma told me she was gonna cut my tail when I got home. That's what that was. I just want y'all to know. Mm. But you're right, you're right. I, I've always said that. Right. You know why they don't have discipline? Because the coach has been emasculated from the moment he steps in. Jerry controls it. And the moment that the player real, it's like that with parents. If the child knows he can circumvent one parent Right. In order to get what he wants from another parent, they'll do that. And you'll never have that child's respect. The same goes for players. They don't respect Mike. Right. They like, they might like him, he might be great, as Mike says, great ex and knows.


But Jerry has allowed this to happen. You know who the guy that had control and had discipline? Jimmy Johnson. Yeah. You know the other guy that had control. Bill Parcells. Right. Now tell me the last time he hired somebody like Bill Parcells. We've seen Chan Galey, we've seen Dave Campo, we've seen Wade Phillips, we've seen Jason Garrett, we've seen Mike McCarthy. Now, which one of those guys remind you and strikes you as a disciplinarian as Parcells and Jimmy Johnson? None of them. None. None of 'em were, none of, none of them are. None of them were, you know, and if, if things are gonna change, you know, the change has to start. It has to start all the way at the top. And it ain't gonna start. Countless people that I've also talked to and was kind of curious being that they're a little bit more closer to, to that side when it comes to, you know, owners and, and, and, and like, does he have to do this?


Does he not see he's getting in his own way or his team is successful Yes. When it comes to making money. Yeah, I'm talking about, But that's how he met your success now. Yeah. Listen, I'm talking about on field product, man, but I, I I get it. It is what it's saying. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over every goddamn year and expecting different results. So Ocho the Blindest man isn't the man that's blind. It's the man that chooses not to see. Hmm. Hold on. Where's my pen and pad? Boy, it's a Saying, Ocho, he got his eyes wide shut.


I lost my damn notepad, man. God dammit. That was a good one. That's it. Ocho cherry refuses to see Right? Ocho, I wanna win. Yeah. I wanna win my way. But your way's not working. It's not working like it, it, it make, it makes no sense to me. There was a lot to take away from the last press of the season from Cowboys DC Mike Zimmer, he walked off the podium holding back tears explaining why his son Adam, who passed in 22, was a big reason he came back this season, said he had no feelings really around his contract status.


Someone said has to want you in order for him to return in 25. Wish he had done things his way earlier in the season and caused it. His biggest regret of the year, Cowboys Demarion. Oan responded, we want him. Doesn't matter what you guys want. Yeah. You know, the final six Demarion you had, he was having an unbelievable season. Think he's gonna be a phenomenal player once he get back. That's a very serious injury. So he might miss the entire 20, 25 season. I just want him to come back fully healthy because he has a bright promising future. But at the end of the day, his full quote, this is what Zim said.


I wish that when I, when when I came in, I did everything the way I wanted it done. Right. That was probably the struggle at the, at the beginning I was just doing things I was uncomfortable with. Hmm. And so I had to do what I had to do. I've said it, some coaches, you come in here, it was a situation. There were good last year. Right. So I come in, I don't really wanna rock the boat. Right. I wasn't as tough as it typ typically am. True. Because you know them. Yeah. Listen, I probably wasn't as hardheaded about it as I think the best way to say it. That's what I regret the most. Mm. You think he's coming back.


Here's the thing, Ocho, if you got a new coaching staff, the coach gonna wanna bring in his guy And that's exactly what he going do. That's the problem with Jake. See, here's the thing. It's kind like what The Lakers, the Lakers higher head coach and then they put the people on your staff, right? No, I want, that's what they try to do with T Lou for real. And then you try to undercut him and say, okay, I'm gonna give you a three year deal now everybody else getting five year deals. Right? And then y'all not, how you gonna gimme a, a less than, a less than market value deal? And then you going hire my staff. That's Jerry. So Jerry wanna point who? You. Oh. Oh, Mike Zimmer. You gonna be the DA you hiring Mike Zimmer as your D coordinator. Oh, you hired this guy as your offensive coordinator Calling all the shots.


Gotta get out your own way. Prime rips reporters that your door wouldn't want to play for the Browns or the Titan. It will be multiple idiots that will say things that are totally aren't true regarding I would like Shado and Shiloh to play in the NFL. If I were to say it directly. To whom it may concern not an attention seeker. I don't know NFL Commission personally. I do know. Oh, I do know NFL Commission personally drop. He like mic drop. Look, you look, I hadn't talked to Prime in a while because look, he's getting ready for the Bowl games. I don't wanna bother him. I'm gonna bother the ass now.


Hello. He, he ain't got no bowl game to play. So funny. Yeah. He ain't got no bowl game to play for. So I'm gonna bother ass tomorrow. I'm gonna call him tomorrow. I talked to Prime. I talked to Prime yesterday and day, day before yesterday. He was checking. He would check on me. Right. Yeah. About, about my situation. You already know what I'm talking about. Yeah. I don't need, I need to go in depth. He's like, everything good on there? I said, yeah, everything good. He said, man, I'm I'm gonna hit, I'm gonna hit I well I was, I was waiting on my spirits to get back up because you know, we lost, we lost the ball. Yeah. So I, I need a few days to myself. So, you know, he, he hit me and I told, I said, everything, everything is good. Every everything's good. Say, you know what, I'm gonna come on there with you guys. You know, I was like, I said, I was like, nah, don't come on. Don't come on, let's save it. Let's save him on February 6th.


Yeah. Let's save he February 6th. Nah, all he wanna do is clown me. No, that's all, that's all he wanna do. Hey. Because that's all he do. When he call, he send me a text. So, no, That's boy, that's Be live bro. The thing is in, in times, like, I, I think I read something where he said he had, y'all forgot y'all was talking like this, but y'all forgot I got time today. The only thing I tell time is like when I'm going 25, I ain't chasing no lie. Yeah. I'm not gonna chase it. I I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna shoot it down. I'm not gonna try to refute it. Whatever y'all believe run with that. It is what it is. It is what it, now I'm gonna see how long it's going because that's the one thing we know about a lie watch.


I watch how quick it disappear. Yeah. Watch how quick it disappear. You know, you know what I don't like to, now getting back to Prime, you know, with that the door and whatever reporter says, you know, he wouldn't wanna play for the Browns. I mean why even write something like that? It has, it has to come some from somewhere or you just making it up. A lot of times people want to want to be the first to report something because if you're second, you know, the first man to climb Mount Everest, the first man to put man a man foot on the moon. Right. It's not the second man. That's not the second guy to remember. It's the first guy. It's Roger Banister that broke the sub four minute mile. Right.


It was Element Edmund Hillary. And notice the, and the Sharper Sherpa that Scaled Mile Everest. Right. Who remembers the second guy ocha? Yeah. Who was the first guy to run Sub nine seven Usain Bolt. Who was the first guy to run Sub nine six Usain Bolt. Now the second guy, the next guy? No, no. Tyson Gangan sub throw in a, the Predator, what's his name? Predator. He from Jamaica. Johann Blake. Johann Blake. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Remember that? That's his nickname. Yeah. I ain't know that. Okay. Okay. That's the first, But nah, but Pride's gonna be all right.


He, he's done a great job and you know, I I, you know, I call him from time to time. He like, bro, hey, you got favor? You anointed and they gonna take their shots. Yeah. Always. Hey listen, and, and with them taking the shots, he's someone that can handle it though. That's the difference. 'cause they like, like he said though, Joe, he's been dealing, he's been dealing with this his entire career. My life. Yeah. He's been primed his entire, he'd been timed his entire career and he knows how to handle it. Yeah. And, and I don't know how he does it because people have been taking shots at him. Hey, since he got to the Falcons, right? Yeah. He good. He good. Former Pro Bowl. Jamal Adams regret asking for a trade from the Jets fans.


I didn't know I heard 'em like that. I didn't realize I had that much impact. Now I would tell myself, don't make an emotional decision. No. You left the Jets and your career was the same that you thought it was. 'cause I don't believe Ocho Yeah. If he'd have had the career that he was having at the Jets once he went to Seattle, I don't believe he has this regret. Right. Okay. I see. I see what you mean. I see, I see what you mean. He, he was, I mean, j Jamal Adams was good, man. Yes. So, hey, especially around that god damn box inside the box. Yes. He was, he was really, he was. Yeah. He could attack the quarterback, graded run. I mean, oh wait. A little stiffer than him. He wasn't great at past coverage, but that's okay. Every, everybody is, not everybody is not gonna be Ed Reed.


Everybody gonna be Troy Palama. Everybody ain't gonna be that Ronnie lot. Everybody ain't gonna be Woody Rod or Charles as they transition from corner to safety. And that's okay. But that's why I'm saying sometimes Ocho and I've gotta do a better job of this. Yeah. Sometimes you gotta take the emotion out of a decision. Ooh. Now that's, that's the hard part. Boy, You got something. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta Being able to make a decision and then compartmentalize separating the two emotions. Boom. You over here decision, most decisions are made based on emotion.


What happens when emotions are high? Logic is low. Yeah. Ooh, that's another goal. That's another, that's a far, that's a bar. Where's my damn pen pad, man? That's what you have to understand. And look, Tcho, look, Give it, give it to me again. Now give it to me again. When emotion is high, logic is low. Every look, every decision. Trust me, I've analyzed everything that I've done and I've replayed the scenario what I did. Right. What could I have done differently? What should I have done differently? Right. I'm learning, Shannon, take the emotion outta it.


Sometimes people that are saying these things, they're saying just to get a reaction. Look, I got Shannon Sharp to say this. Right. I got UNC to say that. Right. And they, they, they don't, they don't root for you. And that's the thing that you have to understand. Ocho, everybody that show up on your timeline right, isn't for ocho. No. Everybody that's on my timeline isn't for Shannon Sharp. Right. And you have to like, you know what, A lot of times now, like I said, y'all, they say stuff, I see it. I'm gonna let y'all rock. I'm gonna let y'all have it. Right. If y'all, y'all win, y'all wanna response. I respond to the ones like, look, this is what I saw.


This is why I said this, this is why I said that. But I'm not going back with no negativity. Right. Life is true. Like God has put me in this position right here in a position that I didn't think I would be in as fast as I am. And I'm not so sure. Like, I gotta know, I gotta pray. And sister, I know my grandma said stayed up a many a night on a knee and God heard prayers I didn't even know he was listening to. I'm not fitting to go back and forth with people that don't have Shannon, Shar best interest in mind. I know who they are. That's my team. I've surrounded myself with some really good people. Right. Everybody, everybody moving forward has gotten vetted.


Ash, hey, she knows that's her responsibility. She does the hiring. CJ has that. I let, I let them run what they're supposed to run. Right. I'm normally the third or the fourth smartest guy in the room. And I'm okay with that. I like that. I'm okay with that. But they know they have the responsibility. I trust them. I sincerely trust them. I said, I hired you for a reason. I said, you are my first hire. Hell, I hired Ash. She's like, what we Shannon, what we gonna do? I said, I don't know. She said, I Well, if you don't know, I I'm still going. Right. She had a job at Fox and she left to come with me. I'm paying out my pocket. It's, I paid out pocket.


Yeah. Cj the same thing he said, he said, all I need you gonna gimme benefits cj, I got you. Yeah. CJ left. I told Jordan, he's like, Hey boss, I don't know. I said, look, you can't take no damn pictures from Cincinnati. Right. So you come to LA I'll have to find somebody up. I'm on my way. Yeah. I don't know how he got there. You drove a U-Haul. Did you? Oh, you had your stuff, you had your stuff shipped. But we put this team together. Yeah. And hey, it is been over and over since it's been on, on with and upward since we've hired a lot of people, we've hired a lot of people for Nightcap.


We have a lot of people that's doing a lot of great things. And so Ocho I just had to learn, Hey, take it on the chin. Right. Just take it on a, the group turns like Shannon, you can't also's like Shannon, why you try to fight every battle? Why you try to fight every battle? It's okay. Yeah. Look, God fighter, Hey, you know what? And especially as in relationships and is more so the women, I think things would be much easier if they chose their battles wisely. Everything you got pick and choose for sure. Everything don't have to, you don't have to address everything.


Not every damn thing. Right. Come on. I just, you know, I thought Jamal Adams should have, should have, should have stayed at the Jets. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe it was if his contract, he wanted to get paid. Sometimes, bro, the grass ain't always greener. No. And, and, and, and it's, it's really difficult. It's, it is rare. It's really, really rare OCHO that you could build up something here and then go somewhere else and it'd be the same. Mm. It's, it's difficult. And I remember having a conversation with a very, a very, a great player.


And he called me, he said, UNC Taylor, what you think I should do? Right? I said, I said, I'm gonna be honest with you. I said, were you thinking about going? They're never gonna love you. Like you like they do where, where you are. Ooh. I say never. I don't care what you do, you'll beloved where you are. Right. You're just gonna be another piece. He stayed and, and, and I don't think enough guys realize that. Yeah. I mean, I get it. Ocho like free agency and they won't pay you. Right. But when you request things, nah. I mean, it was fair is clear based on where he was at the time being a safety.


But you gotta hit it when the stove was hot and the stove was hot for him. Right. And then think about it because think about, had he not did what he did and he had gotten hurt right then he wouldn't have got that money At all. The Volume From the Delta Sky Club, welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge.


Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together, we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Meyers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again, podcast life. Short Talk Fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day. Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.