
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to horse being Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus BES instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only on Draft King Sports book. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm also a row sponsor. Row sparks are amazing for guys who wanna boost in the bedroom because they work fast and last long. Listen, we're about to get a little explicit. So you heard it from me. Maybe you heard too much from me how much I love row sparks, but I'm not the only one. These reviews are for grown folks. Only one person said while my wife and I went on vacation for five days. I used roast sparks a couple times and we had fun nine times fun in that week alone. Okay, cut. How's I talking about that? What I'm talking about right there. That's him. Another customer said boom, I'm Superman. I carry roast sparks in my pocket at all times. Full stop. And lastly, someone says, I'm not bragging, but my wife actually tapped out for the first time in years. Cause you the UFC made a give it up if prescribed. You get $15 off your first order of medication to get hard. Connect with a provider. 100% online RO co slash Nightcap to find out if Rose Marks are right for you. That's roro.co co slash Nightcap.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap for this end the day it it's in today and is brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit the nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join the nation nationwide 5G network. Today we're joined by a very, very special guest. Very, he and his mom, they're promo, are promoting Invisalign. They both did the treatment. Jane Daniels, who's going to be the runaway rookie of the year after an outstanding season. He did something very, very unique that very few rookies have ever done. He's led his team to two road playoff wins as the defacto leader. He wasn't relying on his defense. They put a lot on his plate and he ate everything.


I expect to see big things from this young man in the future. Congratulations on a great seed and Ja Jayden, tell us about the treatment that you and your mom did with Invisalign. Man, I'm in the main thing for me. You knows appearance man. You gotta have, Okay, So you have 'em on now, right? I do have 'em on right now. Okay. Okay. Do have 'em on right now. But for me, I mean I, I have braces and stuff like that so it wasn't, my teeth were always straight because like man, let me enhance this more. Right? So I mean just partner with Invisalign, man, the appearance, everything. Everybody look at your teeth, everybody look at your smile. First thing they notice, bro. You know, that's how you get that money. I have a question. I wanna, I wanna transition into football. Do you understand how special what you've done for an organization that has had chaos, turmoil and they haven't been at the, the depths of the bottom of the NFL, but they've always been in situations that weren't in favor of them in general.


You understand you turned the organization around in one season. I think there there's been no maturation, there hasn't been no, no steady prog progress or or progression to them turning things around. You came in in one year and literally turned the franchise around. Yeah, I think If you, do you understand that? I think, I think I'm kind of getting the grasp of that. I didn't know how it was real talk. I didn't know how passionate Washington fan base was like me growing up. 'cause you never seen like them at the top, right? I mean you seen like the RG three years, stuff like that. But when I really got there, I was like, when I got drafted, people were like, man, I'm a Washington fan. I was like, I ain't never like heard nobody say that. Right, right, right, right, right. But now I'm, I'm excited to see everybody, DMV, everybody around the world, you know, bringing out their Washington stuff, going out, the grabbing out the basement, hanging the flags up and everything.


So they excited, like Watching you play and if you're a fan, if you're a commander's fan, you understand with a quarterback like yourself what you were able to do in a rookie year where there hasn't been no room for development. You know, most days you wait for rookies to, to develop, you know? Yeah. And then you know, you see you have a chance, but you give a team hope for the next decade based off your play of season. And I commend you, I salute you been a fan for a very long time, man. But what you've done was special and not very many quarterbacks, especially as a rookie, have been able to come in and do what you've done. When you look at what you've done, the expectations, now you have to improve and build on what you've done. You can't become complacent for sure because you understand what is expected of you now. Only because they're talking about man, this guy who's to say he's not a top five quarterback.


As we sit here and speak currently, what does Jayden Daniels need to do to improve, to make sure this year wasn't a fluke? Man, I just think, like you said, don't get complacent. And I think the veterans that I have, like one person I really lean on a lot is Bobby Wagner. Okay. He wags. So that's my, that's my guy man. We had conversations and he just teach me little things. I remember like shout out to him. I remember like we played a couple games and at Rogan we would get back late, you know, you tired and everything. And he pulled me aside like, man, let's go get, let's go get in these tubs. So we we up there like three o'clock in the morning. Wow. Making sure your body's back right. But just little stuff like that, it's like never thinking that you know too much.


There's always room to grow. So I mean outside you always get better technically, stuff like that. It's a blessing. I get to be in the system that I was with Cliff another year. Yes. So I can improve on that within that system. But just know, learning how to be a pro. You know, it's my first full off season. Yeah. So I was like, okay, I gotta figure out, have a schedule, like this is what I'm gonna do is my ramo period. OTA, stuff like that. And just, I always had the hunger to get better. How do you block out the noise? Because obviously there's gonna be a lot that comes along with, with what you've been able to do. Yeah. Your quarterback in the NFL, we know what comes along with the most important position in all of pro sports. So now the endorsements are gonna come now more Fame, more adulation, more praise.


Everybody. Hey come what's up? Everybody's a friend now. Everybody's a family member now. And as your mom says, she's like, look, I know the women are coming Uhuh, but I'm, hey, my son got a Heisman poll. I got one too. I'm, I'm still farming 'em all out the way. How do you keep a level head and to understand that, yes, I understand what comes along with Jayden Daniels, but I don't get outside of who I am, Man. I just think it comes, like you said, support system. Mom, dad, like friends, family, I, everybody knows me for me and is not here. Like okay let me ride his coattail and stuff like that. So that's a big part. But also it's a time to play for everything. It's gonna be a time to have fun. Right. It's gonna be a time to go out there and party, you know, make some money, do this, that and the third.


But the main thing, man, none of this happen if you don't ball on the field. Right. So that's the main thing. Like how do I get better to continue the success and knowing like, alright, first year is that like everybody's going to have a full off season to watch a field for year two. So it's like, man, I gotta improve on different things and get better myself. Listen though, when you talk about that improvement, right? You guys were able to make the NFC championship, what pieces to the puzzle do you think you, you guys need to add to make your job a little easier? So the bulk or the weight of getting things done isn't always on your shoulders? Yeah man, I think for us it is like if you look at, I think I seen some, like we got like 20 something free agents like that are on the team. So I mean we gotta, we gotta, we, we gotta bring some people back.


So I think overall, just in general, man we gotta, we gotta get some people in. We gotta bring people back. But I focus on my job man. My job is to get better. Boom. They bring in, we hone them to this standard that we set with DQ and them set and then let the front office do what they do. Now I have a question. When we talk about letting the front office do what they do, I know it's very early in your career, do you think you would have any say on who you bring in, especially from an offensive perspective to be able to help you out and what I don't know. Yeah, I think, I think if that time comes, we'll see if they call me. Yeah. Okay. But I don't know man, they, they doing their job. Right. Like I, I told, I tell them, man, let's bring some dogs in, But I'm right here. If you need a dog, holler let you play. Yeah. When I look, go back and look at this NFC championship game. Ding. You guys played well and the one thing that you hadn't done until the championship game was turn the ball over and you know, I'm sure DQ and Wags have told you if you turn the ball over in the playoffs, you pay double.


You had four of those things. How differently do you believe the game would've been had you taken better care of the football because you guys were right there until you had those consecutive turnovers? I think it came down to the wire. I think it came down to whoever had the ball lasts. Obviously, like you said turnovers especially in the playoffs, man, play a huge factor. I mean we turn the ball over, it gets Philly in the regular season five times and won the game. Right. But in the playoffs, you know, it is different. Right Man, it is a different type of beast where you gonna play all you're on the road. So obviously you're playing into the crowd, playing the atmosphere and man they got dogs over there, they got superstars. Okay. This game right here, you got the two time defending Champ. Yep. And the Kansas City chief led by Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reid.


You got the, the Eagles in your division, you played 'em three times this year. This is their second time back in three years. How do you see this game shaping up and who you have winning? I think it's gonna come down whoever got the ball last. I think so I think obviously Sayon and what they do. Jay Hurtz, you got AJ Brown and then on the other side man you got Pat. So it is hard to bet it gets Pat, right? Especially he is been here, but I think it is who can create more s who can create more negative plays on the side of the ball. And I think it's gonna come down to the end. So for me, I think it's hard to bet it against Pat. I can't say, you know, rightfully so. I I I love playing the Eagles right then the division. But I think it's hard to bet it against Pat.


Man. I really appreciate you man. The legendary already Icon Commanders quarterback Jayden, fucking Daniels baby. I appreciate you, appreciate coming. Appreciate it man. Thank you for stopping by. He's repping Invisalign go out there to get the treatment. He and his mom are get, have the treatment done. They're very, very satisfied with the treatment. Thank you again Jayden. Mom, thank you for dropping him by. Thank y'all. Appreciate Y'all Jayden Daniels, ladies and gentlemen. You say That boy Know that. Hey, Don't forget your McDonald's man. Thank you. Thank you Guys. That was a very interesting conversation with you mama. Thank You.


A very I Love you. Thank you. That was a very, that was, he's a very, very humble young man. We had him on last year at the pre-draft. He came on, gave us about 15, 20 minutes Ocho And from the looks of it, he hasn't changed his persona. The way he approaches the game hasn't changed his mom. Like I said, you recognized it before I did. I'm like, well who, who is this woman who is waving away? She don't play now. Yeah. She don't play. But it, it was great to have him on and to, to just to see how he was able to handle the NFL season, the rigors of the NFL season. Because you think about it, if a, if a, when he left they didn't have the 12 to playoffs.


So they only had the 14 Right, the 14 playoffs. So you play say 15 games. Yes sir. Well when you type black there in the preseason, boy they still got another six games to go. Yeah. So you think about, so that's, if you play the preseason, the three preseason games, 12 regular season games, that's co that's a college season if you go all the way. Yeah. Well if you don't, well you done, you know, and they didn't and he didn't play the bowl game. So now he's done after 12 weeks. Right. Think about it. Yeah. That's three pre, that's three preseason games and nine regular season games. Games and he's done. Yeah. So now think about it, you got another half a college season to go. Yeah. And so for him to, to understand what it takes to be a pro Right. Professional, he's a professional athlete.


A pro is how you go about doing your business. Business. Yes. And to see how he is a pro in the utmost sense is a is a thing. It's a treat, it's a thing of, it is a thing of beauty witness. Yeah. And you can tell by the way he carries himself the way he talks. So he's perfect for position, especially when it comes to being a leader of men. Yes. Being able to command the huddle, you know, get with veterans in there. Yes. You know. And to be able to act and be mature in the way he is now. And you could tell it it started at Home. Yes. Yeah. It started At Home. I love to see, I love to see the support system that he has, that he has with him. His mom is always by his side. Rightfully so. She obviously she's she known in the longest. Always has Always have, always will.


Yeah. Have his best interest in mind. And I love to see that. I I love to see us come together. I love to see that support system that he has. I mean he has a group of very strong women by his side. Yeah. And so that's great to see. That was Jayden Daniels who's going to be Rookie of the Year Honors Awards is our tomorrow night. Yeah. And so that's when he'll get crowned What a AP NFL Rookie of the Year, some very, very select few people that won that award. It's a thing of beauty and he's very, very deserving and I'm happy to see it. But don't yo, this game man. I mean, woo. I go back and forth with this game Ocho, I really do. I understand what the Eagles possess defensively.


Big banjo. He likes to play nickel defense. Right. He wants to keep Cooper Deja on the field. So in other words, he wants to play what we call a four, two five. Yes sir. Four down lineman, two linebackers, five D The question is the Chiefs, when they go with their two tight ends. Yeah. Because they like to play that a lot. Noah, great. Travis Kel on the field. Simultaneous we know they don't have a problem throwing out of that formation. 'cause they're hoping you bring big personnel out there and that leaves a mismatch. Now you got a linebacker, now you got big people trying to cover Travis Kel, who's basically a pumped up wide receiver. Yeah. I think he's the goat tight end. But we know what he does in the receiving game. And Noah Gray who's had an outstanding season because they've given, because when teams were taping, taking Travis Kel away, he was the guy that was stepping up and catching touchdowns.


I was like, Ojo. Yeah. Travis was like, Hey man, y'all need to cover nor grade. He's the one that's getting over catching four or five touchdowns. Y'all need to leave me beat. But it's very interesting because they're gonna have to find a way to control that boy, that boy dog in the middle, which is Jalen Carter. Yes sir. He's the guy. He can win MVP of the Super Bowl. Yeah, absolutely. He has that kind of ability. Absolutely. But this is the thing about the Chiefs. When it, when it comes to the Chiefs, I think about offensively you watch them throughout the entirety of the season. You never know who day it's gonna be. Nope. You never know who day it's be one, one day. It might be Pacheco, it might be Noah Gray, it might be Travis Kelsey, it might be Xavier worthy. Hell it might be Deandre Hopkins. Yep. That's why I think banjo job is gonna be so difficult from a defensive standpoint because you don't know who day it's gonna be.


Yeah. And Patrick Graham Holmes is the one who's not gonna make mistakes. I'm gonna take what you give me. And if we got a March nine, eight yard, nine, eight yards down the field, I can do that without putting the ball in harm's way. On the flip side of the ball for the chiefs, as good as Spags is with that defense, how do you stop 26? That's the thing. How do you stop 26? And I understand the game plan probably is if Jaylen Hearst beats me, I could live with that. Yeah. I'm not letting Sequan AJ Brown Beat me or Devonte Smith beat me. I can live with that. But I give you hella high, give you hell in hold on. Come hell or high water. Yeah. I give you, he I give you water in hell. Yeah. No. Come hell or high water come hell Or high water 26 ain't getting it done. Correct. It ain't gonna be him. No. At all. And we, because we know and the thing, you have to prevent those explosive plays.


Don't Joe? Yes sir. Because the, the Eagles are built a little differently. What's What? Barky. Well, they do. You good? All right. The thing that the Eagles are built differently than a lot of teams. Yes sir. They're built to be explosive in the run game. Yes sir. Efficient in the passing game. Yeah. Most teams wanna be explosive in the past game, game efficient in the run game. But there are very few teams that have a back like Satan talent Yeah. That can hit his head on the goal Pole from anywhere. Anywhere on the field. Yeah. And so now when you, when you have a guy that can do that, okay, Jaylen, we're not gonna ask you to throw the ball 40 times a game. Right. But we ask you to be efficient. Take what they give you some shallow crosses, some smoke routes, some bubble screens. We're not asking you to push the ball down the field continuously.


Right. Like you see a Joe Burrow, like you see some of these other quarterbacks in the league and he's done a great job when he takes care of the football. The Eagles have an excellent chance of winning when he puts the ball in harm's way. Right. That's when they open themselves up to now you can get yourself beat. But I Think that's what Spags is gonna do. You know, most of the time obviously it's, it's is a certain game. Spags, they always do what they do. They always play too. Shell Yeah. You know, until you run up out of them. Now if, if they have success running the ball offensively, the Eagles are one of the few teams where they, their style of play is like back in our day, you run the ball to open up the pass. Correct. You run the ball to open up the pass. So if they find a way to stop or contain, maybe not stop, contain and don't allow him to hit his head off the goal post.


Yeah. To have have big gains. Then it's gonna come down to the armor. Jalen Hertz. Yes. It's going, it's gonna come down to AJ Brown and Devonte Smith being efficient in the pass game. You have to. So I'm curious what's gonna Happen. You have to concede something. Yeah. You can't take away everything. No, you can't. What, what do we feel? They do the best. I feel they run the football the best. The best. Yes. That's what I'm gonna take away. I'm not saying Jaylen hurts. Can't throw the football. Yeah. He can. Clearly he can. Yeah. He's been a Pro Bowl player. He finished what, second or third in the MVP voting one year. So I'm not trying to minimize his ability to throw the football, but I'm saying it is my estimation looking at what the Eagles do and watching them the entire season, they run the ball better than they throw it.


Yes. If I'm SPGs I am going to make them throw it in this game better than they run it. Right. Because we've seen them come playoff time and for the most of the regular season, them run people. Yes sir. Off the feet, Theo. Yeah. Yeah. So that, that, that would be my approach.


Please guys, thank you for joining us for Nightcap Again, the Pro brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store, Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network.


Please make sure you guys hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you like hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys from joining us early this morning. We appreciate your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. What better way to celebrate 2025 and potentially your team winning than with a bottle of Shea by La Portier. Now if you cannot find Shea in a city or state near you, order it and we will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of this platform. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84.


With 84 being spelled out. Everything just restocked. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We also dropped beanies in every color. We've also introduced gift cards available in from 25 to $500. This takes the guest work out and let someone special pick exactly what they want, what they want. Tickets for our Super Bowl show tomorrow in New Orleans are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there. Big guest are lined up. Coach Prime, master P Juvenile flavor play. James Harrison. The already pulling up. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface?


Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Now. Taxes is 100% free when you file in a TurboTax app. If you didn't file with us last year, oh yeah, yeah, just do your own taxes in the app by two 18. What if I have Lots of forms? All good. All 100% free? What If I had three jobs Still 100% free? What if I once saw Bigfoot? That has nothing to do with taxes. So still 100% free. Now that's what I'm talking about Now. This is taxes. See if you qualify in the TurboTax app excludes TurboTax Live Must start in file app by two 18.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, A Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, Joe Miles Garrett has requested a trade as a kid dreaming of the NFL. All I was focused on was the ultimate goal of winning a Super Bowl. And these goals fuel me today more than ever. While I love calling this city my home, my desire to win and compete on the biggest stages won't allow me to be complacent. The goal was never to come to Cleveland, to go from Cleveland to Canton. It has always been to compete for and win a Super Bowl. With that in mind, I've requested to be traded from the Cleveland Browns Ocho I Told you that. But coming, didn't I tell you that? I told you that a few shows ago. I I knew it was coming at, at, at some point in order to compete for a Super Bowl for one defensive, you can do all you do, you can do all you can, you can be the greatest defense end of all time.


But until you have someone on the other side of that ball that gives you that chance and opportunity to reach a Lombardi to get there, yeah. He understands that. He understands that. And right now his career, I wouldn't say it's going to waste 'cause he's playing very well. He's playing very well. If he was to be say if it was, if it was the end of the day, he's still a hall of famer. He's still a hall of famer. But he understands that in order to contend for a hall of, in order to contend for Lombardi a trophy or even have a chance, you got to be in a position for one, a team that has a quarterback. Yes. You, you, you got to. And so he understands that. So I understand him requesting his trade. I knew that was going to happen, especially after the quarterback carousel that they, that he's had to deal with. You know, for how many years now? Well, I think Miles came in in what?


2017? Ain't no tell, ain't no telling how many quarterbacks he's had to deal with. And now you know, it, it's, it's come to a head. You know what this is, I don't have that many more years left. I need to go somewhere where I can contend for a Super Bowl. I gave Cleveland all I can to this point. Yeah. Be fair to me and allow me to achieve a childhood dream of having a chance at a goddamn Super Bowl. Yeah. I think the thing is Ocho he's gonna command prob he's gonna command two first rounders. Yes, sir. Probably more. Yeah. Maybe even a player. You see what, what Seattle got for Russell Wilson. Yes, sir. They got players two first rounds, the second rounds and the third. Right. You look at some of the other draft, some other transactions that have happened. Miles Garrett is an apex.


He's an alpha. He's an all pro. A guy that's had 14 sacks. The la at least the last four seasons. Right. He had double digit sacs I think what, six of the last seven seasons. And so we know what he represents, but at some point in time it's just not enough. Right. And and he's eligible for contract distention. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Bring it up. Oh, okay. I guess I need to bring it because you guys couldn't hear me. So sorry about that. Minnesota, you hear, you hear the 49 ERs potentially the rev. Ooh. You hear the lions, you hear potentially the packers. You hear some of the teams because here's the thing, right?


If I'm Cleveland, I'm getting 'em out of the a c Oh. So there's no chance. There's no chance. Wait a minute, stay with me real quick. We have Trey Henderson, right? Yeah. I don't think there's ability to be able to pay him what he's worth. Right. The value that he can get on the, the open market. Right. Is there any chance you see Mount Garrett being traded into division, right? To Cincinnati? They, Oh, no. Okay. I'm getting him outta the a c what? You okay. I'm just, I'm just asking. I'm just asking. Damn division. I'm getting him outta the a c Okay, Okay. Okay. I Don't wanna run the risk of having to see him. He's going to Green Bay. He Okay. Detroit, green Bay, 49 ERs. Hey, get de give me your best offer. Right. Okay. Somebody give me your best offer. Right, because now look, if I'm, if somebody at a c gives me two, three first round of, I ain't got the choice Exactly, but I think, you know, Detroit pairing him with Aiden Hutchinson.


Ugh, remember Ocho, that's not fair. Fair. How many points they gave up in the playoff games? Yes. We saw this at the, there were some times that they were giving up a bunch of points, but their offense was outscoring. You can't always be reliant on your offense to outscore people. Right. You see the 49 ERs they bring back Robert Sala. We know he loved to attack the quarterback. Can you imagine Bo on one side and Miles Garal other side that That's not Fair with Warner in the middle. That's not fair. And so that's gonna be very interesting. I think it's gonna be a little difficult because they got, they got to pay the quarterback. Perfect. Right Now you hear reports they're trying to structure structure a deal. Something like three years, 120, $40 million a year.


Right. That's between fair. Fair. That's fair. They're gonna be willing to settle for that. But for me, miles Garrett requesting a trade just goes to show you money can't buy you happiness. No. Miles Garrett is one of the highest paid defensive end. Yes sir. You get tired of losing, losing No matter how much you making, You can tell people that say, oh, I, I'll just be happy and, and complacent and content. No you wouldn't. That's easy to say because you don't win. Yeah. When you, when you wanna win and you what the hell you think Grego? What's up bro? What's up bro? You See Greg? What's up baby? You good? A long time? Yeah, I'm here. I'm here. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


You still what you training for? I'm not training. Oh. I'm not trading for nothing. I used, we used to work out together. Yeah. In Miami. Oh, did you? Yeah, years ago. Ba long time ago. Which joined? We're joined by Greg Olson. One of the great play by play guys. Actually, you color, you're not play by play. Yeah. Color. One of the great color guys. Young up and coming. When you, lemme ask you this, forget football, what's been the biggest thing from you to do? How, how were you able to become so good so quick at doing this job? Craig, You know it, it's funny when, when people ask me about it, you know, there's actually a lot of you lessons that I learned, you know, from playing. Right? Okay. Just routine preparation. Every Monday is a Monday.


Every Tuesday is a Tuesday. And leaning into a lot of those things throughout the course of the week as a player, I didn't know any different. Right? So when they said, all right, we got a game next Sunday and you're gonna call it, I just fell back to what I knew, which is study the game. I love watching football. I love asking questions. And you have to be very willing to be like, you know what? I don't know a lot about this. I'm gonna find people who really know it and I'm gonna pick their brain. I'm gonna talk to great coaches. I'm gonna talk to front office guys. I'm gonna talk to, you know, defensive coordinators. How do you put together your blitz package? Learn as many different aspects of the game, organize it in your mind, organize your thoughts, and then just lay out the game, stay with the game, follow it and try to do it in a way that is interesting, it's insightful, and try to add value.


And I'm still learning. I don't pretend to know it all, but I just love learning the craft of calling the games. And it's been a great transition for me since I'm done playing. Listen, I've watched you transition obviously from playing the game to doing play where I play or call color commentary like coaches, coaches said, obviously your discipline and your worth ethic, worth ethic has allowed you to do so. Now I'm thinking about someone in my position who has never done anything of that magnitude. Is it possible in any way that I could probably learn if I can minimize my cursing a little bit Yeah. I can learn to do color commentary or is that something you, you guys should stay away from? No, I think anybody can learn it. Right. So the the inherent, you know, the underlying foundation of all of it is guys who love football, guys who want to continue to learn it.


Guys who want to continue to stay up with the trends and follow it and dive into it. Anybody can do it right Then it's just communicating it in a little bit of a different setting. Right. Simplistic. It's, and that was probably the biggest transition for me. I'm a talker. I love conversation. I could sit here with you two for three hours Yeah. And we could talk about whatever, but that's not the broadcast. We have commercial breaks, we have referees, we have game breaks and you get 15 seconds. That was probably the biggest thing is just the tempo and kind of the rhythm of the broadcast. Right. Everyone has a lot to say. Can you say a little bit, make an impact, but also not overdo it? I think that's still the balance that I'm still trying to find.


Right. Okay. I think the biggest thing for me is what I've noticed is you're talking about it as it's happening versus talking about something that's already happened or something that you perceive to happen. So like, pre-game post-game is entirely different than doing color because you're talking as it's happening. Yeah. And I think the, the, the battle, at least the way I try to do it, is I try not to tell you what you're seeing. Right. Because you already see it. Right. Like, I don't want narrate the replay. Okay. Okay. I don't wanna just talk over what you're already seeing. Right. I think to most fan, I think fans nowadays are very educated. People are listening, they're listening to shows. They're listening to weekly and and weekend stuff.


Tell them why they're seeing it. Maybe take their eyes away from the ball. What led to this play being really successful? Right? What led to this read or this wide receiver route? Like was it, it was a pick, but did the receiver not get flat enough on his inside brick? Right, right, right. Out. Take people into the why the thought process. I, that's the part I enjoy the most. Everyone can see it was a nice catch. Right? Everyone can see it was a sack. Why? Right. Tell us why and what the counter is going forward. That's the game that I think is right. The fun part to lay out. There have been a lot of conversations. You had a great, you did a great thing. I mean, your first, first couple years in, you're calling in the Super Bowl and you in the Super Bowl and you called it exquisite.


Excellent game. She's 49 ERs. Tom comes in. Obviously Tom's the number one, but knowing you the way I know you and the competitor in you, yeah. You wanna be back in that number. You wanna call Super Bowl. Yeah. You wanna call N-F-C-A-F-C championship Game. Yeah. And, and and again, I I the your first question where I said so many of the lessons that I pull, that I put into the broadcast center, things that were from my playing days, it was no different than as a player. You weren't just content to be on the roster. No. Yeah. You to be the start. Oh yeah. You weren't just content to be a starter. You wanted to be a pro bowler. You want, there was always something else. And that's the same thing now to take into broadcast and, and, and again, I'm always clear, like me and Tom have a really good relationship.


We've gotten to know each other. There's no personal animosity. He's not my enemy. Like, and I said this, him being good doesn't not make me good. Right. And him being bad doesn't make me better. Like, it, it's not connected. Like I want to inherently just be good at it. I want to call top games. I wanna chase the biggest games, the biggest audiences and, and bring out the, the biggest moments of the game. I want to be the voice of that. That doesn't mean I don't like him. I don't hate him. I thought my relationship with Fox is great. My relationship with Tom and Kevin and Aaron Andrews is great. But I want to call, I want to get back to that seat that I was in. Right. And I don't, that's not a personal thing. That's just the way it works. Right. Matter of fact, speaking of seats Ate you, I Don't know who I need to talk to, but I'm sure the powers might be that see this?


I wanna do color commentary and play by play this year. Well they go, okay. I'm putting it out there. Greg, appreciate you calling me on, man. This was fun. Good to see you baby. Good to see you ball. Yes sir. Thank you. Chase it man. Man, I got you. All right. Color commentary coming up. Yes. No. Nah, nah, no Uhuh. Why? Because it's too, it's ad-lib. It is right there in the moment. You gotta call as you see. I like that. That it's already happened. What's up bro? Hey, What's up? What? Appreciate it. What they doing? Why you good Joining us now. Nightcap. Michael Pittman Jr. Sir. Sorry, I'm fumbling around here. Here we go bro. How you doing? Good. You good. Appreciate Y'all. Congratulations on a great season individually, not the season that you wanted to have team wise.


What do you guys need to do in order to have success where you're in the playoffs or you're contending for championship? Yeah, I mean, that's a really, really tough question. But Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Be honest. Don't be politically correct. Not here. Okay. Okay. Be Straight up like we in the barbershop now. Yeah. Alright. All. So we have to have those tough conversations as, you know, like, just like as men. Right? Okay. And, and we need to call guys up. Right? Like, just like, not like calling 'em out, like just like call 'em up to, to like our standard need Or we expect more. Yeah. And, and that starts with everybody. Like, that starts with me. That starts with every single person.


And we just gotta find ways to close that gap because there's so many games that, that like, you were close. You know, like just like we were so close and, and we just let it slip. Now I got a question now you, you, you speak about that gap, right? And, and obviously everyone's goal at the beginning of the season is you want to compete to be in San Francisco this, this year coming up next year obviously. Yeah. What gaps do you think need to be filled in from an acquisition standpoint offensively or defensively that can help you guys get to that end goal? Honestly, I think that we have a lot of our core guys, right? And, and like before I can focus on anybody else, like I gotta focus on everything that I gotta do.


Like I didn't have my best season. I mean now there are some things that happened just, just like focusing like all myself. Like I have to do things to produce in any type of situation injury. Right? Like, just like, you know, like, just like guys are like out there hurt too, so. Right, right. So yeah. Okay. There was a lot made of the situation. I think it was a Texans game. Your quarterback scrambled. He ended up taking himself outta the game. I guess there was a team meeting, there were conversations that were had the coach ended up benching him for a couple of a game, not a week. Couple of, he got benched one game, a couple of games and then I think Black O Field in or whomever came in for 'em. What was those conversations like?


Because I'm telling you as a player that have been in the locker room, have been a leader that's frowned upon when we feel a guy left us out there to try. Because the one thing is, it's kinda like we do, it is nothing compared to the military. So military folks don't get me wrong, but it's like we leave no man behind. It's that we're out here together, we're gonna fight together, we're gonna win together, we're gonna lose together. But the one thing we're not gonna do is leave the other guys behind. What was that conversation that you had to have with your quarterback? Because I believe he's gonna be there for an extended period of time. Michael Pitman Jr. And you know, you guys are going to need help. Yeah, we had a, so we actually had all of our team, so all of our team leaders from every single position group and, and we kind of had a hour long meeting and, and we talked about everything.


Like it wasn't just centered around that like it was everybody. But I think that was a good learning experience for him to know that that is not the standard and that he can't do that and stuff like that. So it's all just learning and, and I think that he handled that period of time well because everybody was like crashing on him. Right? Right. So we saw him show up earlier. We saw him put in more work and, and like kind of do the things necessary to kind of earn everybody's trust back. I like that. I like that. Did you notice the difference from that time, but before that, to the time that happened to after that, did you notice a noticeable improve in any Absolutely.


Like, like from like, just like after that benching I felt like he came out and he really was playing a lot better. Okay. You know, I got a question. People at home, people that are watching, we always get to see the finished product, right? The finished product of of, of a player and what they do. You get to see 'em on Sundays. What do you think you need to work on as far as your game is concerned and how you can better being a better receiver? Yeah. Because I know you're not where you wanna be. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I think that my next step is being able to recognize coverage at a level that a quarterback can. Right. Cool. Because like, I mean like I can see coverage but, but like I see like half of the field.


Right. And, and, and I'm not as good as like a like, just like a Patrick Mahomes. Right, right. Obviously. 'cause like he can read the entire field quickly. So just getting like to that point. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Any, anytime before you go, anytime. If you get to that point, the game slows down tremendously. Yeah. No matter how many bluffs, no matter how many disguises they do, you already know what's coming based off tendencies and down and distance. But when you get to that point, boy you, you going to love it. Yeah. Lemme ask you a question. When you go outside and you line up, are you looking across the field at the other side to see what's going on over there? No. So, so, well, I mean I'm really focused on corner safety, nickel safety. Safety. Okay. Right, right. And, and then like if it's corner backer safety, right.


And like if it's nickel dime or Right. Or like if that backer's like are like mugged up, right. Like it's gonna be pressure, but I rarely do I ever get to scan the whole field. Right. Because like I'm thinking about, hey, like I'm gonna give him like this smooth right here. If he brings his hands up, like I'm gonna do this. If that doesn't work, then I gotta do that. Right. So you Lemme ask you a question like we broke it down. Okay. Down in distance area of the field for who they have on the field and would dictate kind of the coverage. Now they might switch it up Oh yeah. But down in distance where we on the field, we know 85% of the time they like to run this down in distance area of the field where we are. We backed up, we at midfield, we in plus territory, we in the red zone.


Yeah. So that gave me a little bit of an insight. Now I was different because I learned as a tight end because I'm looking at for I'm looking at fronts. They're gonna play certain fronts, they're gonna play certain coverages behind certain fronts. Yeah. Now you're not really looking at that. So now if I could just, if you like, take a look back, like, okay, they got four down line, okay, blah, blah, blah. They got four, they playing nickel. 4, 2, 5. Okay. They playing, they playing dime. They're playing 4 1 16. Okay. It'll give you a tip, it'll give you a heads up of what the potentially not always don't go chasing ghosts, but you'll have a, a extra, just that extra step and you know, sometime a half an inch is all it takes to, between you being open. Oh yeah. You, Oh yeah. That's all it is. Yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely.


Thank You for that. Yeah. So you, what you're doing down towards Super Bowl, what are you promoting?


Yeah, So I'm here with Toyota. I've actually been working with them for a whole year now. Okay. So we're down here supporting the future generation of athletes and then they also have something for fans here at the Super Bowl experience where they can go sit in cars with team Toyota athletes. So like, just like it's a really cool deal. That's Dope. Right? That's dope. Hey Michael, appreciate you Tell your dad I say hello. Absolutely. Thank you guys. Glad you're doing well man. Congratulations. Continue success. Oh yeah. And good luck next year, man. Hey, better win the coach in the playoffs. Yes sir. Thank you. Thank you. Michael Pittman Jr joined us on behalf of Toyota.


It is great, great to see these young fellas come out, do their thing. Get very excited to see the, the NFL is in great hands, Ocho. Oh yeah, most definitely. You know, well definitely. Oh, this No, no, no, no, no. Guys are gonna come and guys are gonna go eventually we saw Peyton leave, we saw Brady leave. Yeah. See Drew Brees leave and then you see Mahomes and you see Burls and you see the LeBron Jackson, you see the Josh Allens and the running backs leave and you get Derrick Henry and you get sa Juan fit all these up. It's a young man receiver. It, it's a young man's game. Yeah. And so the NFL is, the NFL is in great hands with these, these young and up and coming superstar players that are, and, and it's very, very, very exciting to see. Yeah.


But back, back to Miles, Garrett Ocho. Yeah. I just think that's a situation where he doesn't really have a choice. He can sit there and they can pay him a ton of money. Yeah. No, but what good is a ton of money, bro. I'm trying to He's already made a ton of money, huh? Yes. Yeah. Money is, money's not the fact at this point. I really wanna win. He truly wants to win because you think about this isn't, and this isn't even his character. Yeah. And he's not the type to add, he barely even Talk. Yeah. So, you know, he's fed up, he understands my window of opportunity is very short. Yes. I would love to compete or at least try at least be in contention. You know, That's all you can hope for. That's It. That's all you can hope for. So I'm sure listen, the Cleveland Browns organization, miles Garrett has done right by you for a very long time. He's given you all he has. The fans should be able to understand that and allow him and grace and opportunity to seek that trade and give him a chance to win a title.


Because it gets tough at Midseason. You know you're not going to the playoffs. So guess what? I got it down here. It's cold. Yes. Cleveland is cold. Cold. Yes. We practicing outside and I ain't got, all I'm doing is trying to finish out the season strong. The only thing I gotta look forward to Ocho is the Pro Bowl potentially making all Pro. Yeah. Maybe what individual awards? Well, he's already, he's been to the Pro Bowl. He's been on the first team all pro. He's been defensive player of the year. Yeah. Okay. So there has to be a, a, a, a next pro, a next step. Yeah. There has to be a maturation process where I'm competing for a championship. Yeah. That's the only thing left. That's it. That's the only thing left for him. That's It. And, and, and sometimes people don't understand that. I believe two things can be true. I believe you can make a ton of money and chase the championship.


Yeah, You can. You Can. Because somehow about, oh, I just wanna get the back. Nah, nah, nah, bro. I, I'm telling you, when you make money and you, you, you invest that kind of time because you're away from your family. You lifting those weights, what you eat, how you dedicate yourself, and then you out there, man, it's cold. It's 10 degrees outside, man. It's one thing to put in all the work on all those years to put in all the work. The money's good. The money's always a good thing. Yes. To put in the kind of work Miles Garrett has done to date to this point, and then not have the chance to reach the pinnacle of your childhood dream. You know, there's steps, there's the process too. Absolutely. Get into the league. Okay, cool. Re achieving the accolades. Okay. I've done that. Steve is a player of the year. Okay. I've been to Pro Bowls, I've been to all pros.


What's next? Yeah. There's only one thing that's next. Yeah. First pick. I mean, think about it first. Pick in the draft defensive player. He Lived up to everything. Yes. He lived up to all of That. Yes. Now he wants to be one of those guys to get to and contend now. Not necessarily. It's like, I think he can, obviously the ultimate goal is to reach that the beach, the promised land to be here playing in New Orleans for next year. Be playing in San Francisco, San Francisco. But at least give me that opportunity. I need that opportunity. And if it doesn't happen, bro, I gave it 13, 14, 50, however long he's going to play. Right. I gave it everything I possibly could to achieve that. Yeah. But he knows for the foreseeable future, that is not possible In Cleveland.


No. And you know what? The fans, hopefully the fans understand that. I know. I know how they are. When, when players ask for a trade, they get upset. They get mad because their loyalty is to the team. But understanding what Miles Garrett has done for that team through the entirety of his career when they were losing, always showing up. I would hope they understand and I would hope management and the people upstairs also understand that you can continue to build and this is, and then trade him with some value and continue to build. Yeah. For the foreseeable future. Yeah. They need, look, they need a quarterback. They need, they need more pieces. And I think the pieces that you can get for a miles ga Yeah. You'd love to be in a situation to keep miles, but Miles made it. Miles has made it abundantly clear. Right.


He wants to move on. He wants to an opportunity to compete. And I don't believe there none of these guys is coming in the draft is Jane Daniels No. Or has that kind ability, and I don't think the team is that close. And I said this before, I think Cleveland is farther away than, than what Washington was. Right. Right. And so with that being said, go ahead, package him. Get two first rounders, get a second round, the third rounder, maybe a put a potential player back. Yeah. And, and start the building process. They're gonna take a quarterback. They're gonna take a quarterback Cleveland who, I don't know which quarterback, but they're gonna take one. There's Only, there's only two available. Well, f first of all, Deshaun's not gonna be available.


Right. 'cause he, he's missing this entirety entire season. He Tore the a, he tore the Achilles and he reto tore it. So who we talking about Cam Ward Chador. That's gonna be the value. That's gonna be a very, very interesting valuation process. They, they, they different skillset. Cam is more athletic. I think Shado is more accurate. You look at it both played against top competition. Shado, coach Bys father has been a quarterback his entire life. I think Cam Ward has been a quarterback his entire life. It's just gonna come back down to, okay, which guy do we feel fits our system, fits our system? And, and we could turn the keys over to it.


I think both guys. 'cause at the end of the day, when I'm taking a player that high Ocho, I wanna be able to sit my phone down. And if I put it on silent, I ain't gotta worry about it. You ain't gotta worry about nothing. Yeah. I ain't gotta worry about getting a call. Hey, you know, I'm sorry Coach Stefanski, we got a problem. I I, I don't believe either guy. You'll have to worry about receiving that call. Absolutely not. And so that's gonna be, this is when GMs make their money. Oh yeah. Hey, hey, if I'm in a spot. 'cause you're picking high and you gotta choose. I mean, hey, if I'm in, in the 20th spot and the guy falls to me, he lands in my lap. Right? I mean, Brett Beach trading up to take Patrick Holmes and trading, trading up to take Xavier worth.


Right. That's when you earn it. I mean, if I just stand packed and I'll just take, okay, I'm in the 16th slot. Okay. I take that guy and that guy turns out to be great. He don't really do nothing. Yeah. But when you gotta make a decision, you, you this high knowing right. That you, you take a quarterback right now or Joe, you don't wanna take another quarterback for another 10, 15 Years. Yeah. Yeah. But that's the hard part. Finding that quarterback where you don't have to take one for another 15 years, whatever Harry Roseman and, and, and Luria are doing over there with the Eagles. Listen, the NFL has always been a copycat league, especially when it comes to watching film and things that you see work on other teams, as with opponents coming up that's you're playing. Yes. He said, well, the GMs need to do the same thing. Right. Whatever the Hunts are doing, whatever Laurie and how Howard Roseman doing, they need to copycat.


The other GMs need to copycat what they see the evils do. But How had to know something They had just gave Carson wins a ton of money. Oh yeah. And you take a quarterback in the second round Ocho Yeah, but he got, he he the injury, remember? But No, they, but you Need a security blanket. But He had already come off that injury. Oh. And I gave him a boatload of money. Ocho Normally we don't see that. Imagine you pay a, you pay a defensive lineman that kind of money, and then you turn around and they're like, boom. I don't think the Eagle's taking another D lineman. You got Jayla Carter, right? You got George Davis. You've got Williams. I don't think them taking a a left, like I said, he knew something.


Something. Yeah. And then guess what? Boom. You know what I mean? You hear now you hear all these rumblings that how he was as a teammate. Right. You see how he was not willing to take the coaching? See, they see things and they know things Right. That the general population can't see. Right. Are not privy to. Right. And so now it's not a surprise given what we know about said situation. Right. It's almost like the Luca Luca people and people. This is what gets me about, I still don't Get it, man. I don't care if he 300 pounds. See, people love spending other people's money. You would care if it was your 350 million. Now a restaurant give you bad service, you won't go back.


That's 24. That's 40, $50 for the, But also when you look at it, I look at, look at it from a fan's perspective. You look at the output in which he produces when he's on the Court. Court. Yes. Yes. It, it, it outweighs and it, it it's the, the value is there. Does it outweigh 350 million? Sh See that's what you, that's what they're looking at Ocho they're like, yeah, yeah. I, I get it. But he ain't gonna always be 24 mm. He's not gonna always be 25. So what happens when he gets 26 when he Yeah. 27, 28. And if he has some of those hap what's being reported Now all of these are reports, right? Don't you and I are not there. We can just base on what they, but in order for them, and like I said, they keep, people are killing Nico Harrison.


But when you make a move this bull big, right? It goes up higher than Nico. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Definitely. Nico is the one, is the face of it.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What you are hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding withstands severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength. So you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, A lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Nah, it's just like anything. When you make a trade for paid man or you make a trade for Tom Brady, you go get the owner's blessing. Oh yeah. And if the owner says no, You ain't got no choice. Just the same thing. Coach Saban, when he talked about on the Pivot podcast with Ryan Clark, they wanted to sign Drew Brees, but he had an injury. Manus said, nah, Nah, that that shoulder. Yeah. And so Nico is taking the brunt of it and that's what you have to do. Yes sir. Sometimes Ocho you gotta be the face or bad decision or what seems to be a bad decision. But, and not everybody's saying, well, what happens when they don't wanna pay that Superbanks contract? Well, we're gonna find out. Yeah, ma, listen, I think things are gonna work out because if there are issues internally, especially with Luca as far as working out, wait, he's at the right place, he would go.


He, he would he at the right place. Let's see. Now if, if Houston, excuse me, it's not Houston. If OKC don't give Shaa Giles that that max contract, right? Then I'm gonna say, okay, the owners are trying to save money. The owners don't wanna spend these, ma don't wanna pay these max contracts. Whoa, whoa, whoa. They can't, they can't play with Shaa like that. Why not? You can't because he's the complete opposite. Shaa has that same DNA as as Kobe Shaa has that same DNA as Michael Jordan. Ain't no issues off the court. He works, he worked. Boy, don't don't do that. You this here, Don't do that. He had no issues where? Off the court. Oh, okay. Okay. See Oh, he gonna get that Max. But see, that's what I'm saying.


We're gonna see the young guys that have, that have been at, at a, at a, at a team for five plus years. Right. Six years. And now they're eligible for that Superman. Yeah. It'd been interesting to see if Nico Yoki is able now, if the, if the, if the the nuggets say, nah, we ain't about to pay Nico no 350 million. Man. Please See. Please. Now when I think about Yoic and I think about Luca, what's the difference? Look What, what, what, what's the difference? Same style of place, same methodical Movement. Efficient when they born the no weaknesses, but what you call liability on defense a little bit. Yeah. You know, yo, okay, but here's the thing now, like, now what's the difference?


This is Yoki says I was fat. I realized I was drinking too much soda. I was drinking too much soda. I cut the sodas out, I dropped 20 pounds and boom, boom, boom is three of the last four years he's been the MVP the net lear. He didn't win it. He was second. Right. He's won the final. He's been to the finals. He's won finals. MVP. I think a lot of that goes because I think the thing is Ocho like when you look at what a young guy that has issue, I don't want him to become an old guy with issues. Mm. And I definitely don't wanna become an old guy with issue when I gotta pay him $70 million a year. Woo. I got you. It it is a a, the cashier at McDonald's has a different responsibility than the manager.


See the guy that got the keys to open up the restaurant, he can't be late. The coke can be late. We got somebody else that can get on the grill, get on the grid, can get on the grill. Right. The guy that got got the keys to the store, he can't be late. Right. Because have been mother need to be coming out there at five 30 on Joe. Yes sir. Because I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be in line. We had Michael Pitman Jr. He talked about the situation with Anthony Richardson that the, every, the leaders in every group running backs quarterback, well obviously quarterbacks, wide receivers, dli. And they had a conversation. Yeah. Everybody. Oh, he, bro, you can't do Ocho. You and I I think the thing is sometimes Ocho because when you play a sport, you see things differently and things that the, that fans or casual fans, it was like blah, blah, blah.


That doesn't work in a locker room guys at all. It's a different mentality in a locker room. It's a different mentality in a normal workplace. And so, and and I I thought he did a great job of of of of, of explaining it and, and and saying, look, we let him know. He said it, you know, he started being, you know, first one in last one to leave. Why could a quarterback not be the first one in? Yeah. And the last one to leave Ocho Yeah. With all the responsibility that's on his plate. Plate. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, okay. If you wanna be a, a long snapper, hey, you come in like five minutes before you leave suit as, hey, soon as practice on them guys ain't got no meeting.


Right. Right. They the only position with a specialty. They ain't got no meeting. The kick could have punter what you need for, they gonna snap you the ball. You gonna pun it. Right. Hey, so we gonna kick the ball. Okay. Stuff like that. But most of the time, kickers, punter, snappers, they don't have specialty. They on their own program, they do their own thing. Yeah. But for me, I I, I just didn't understood it. And I, and I'm glad they had the conversation with him. He gonna be all right though. Yeah. He gonna be all right. Sometimes too much, too much talent. Sometimes, sometimes Ocho it, you need to wake up call like this. Yeah. Because, because he was so talented. I'm not so sure they ever had these tough conversations with him at Florida. Right.


And sometimes guys try to come in with tough conversation. Don't, when you don't have these tough conversations, he's always been supremely talented, high school, college, and so they're not gonna have these kinds of conversations. But in the NFL Oh, when they pay you that kind of money money Oh yeah. Have those conversations. Absolutely. And, and, and rightfully so. Andy Reid says he'll coach at least, at least one more season. At least one. That what he said, I'm not buying that. I'm not buying that. I don't, I don't think Patrick Mahomes is buying that. I think what Andy Reid has ability to do as the head coach of the Kansas City Chiefs and do something that's never been done before.


And they could probably run the gauntlet for another two or three years. They can run the gauntlet for another two or three years. Even if Travis Kelsey decides to retire, they are so good. Or Patrick Mahomes is so good. You can plug, you can plug and play Travis Kel cheetah leaves, Tyreek Hill leaves, plug and play Super Bowl, man. Not just one, two of them. Travis Kel leaves you plug and play, you find someone else. You got Noah Gray, he takes over, he takes over the Spot. Nah, I go make a trade for my p cow cow pits. Ooh, That's not fair. I go make a trade for Kyle Pit. That's not fair. That, that, that's un that's unfair. Again, I'm, that's what I'm going to Do. That, that's why I just said you you, you plug and play, you lose one, you bring someone else in. Right now I, he's he's not, he's a little different than Travis Kel.


Different styles of play. He he can get it, he can get it done. I'm not sure how they would use him based on him being as athletic as he is. He's a little different than Travis Kel. Yeah, he is. You know, but man, listen, as long as you got that 15 over there, man, the Kansas City Chiefs are basically the Tom Brady and Belichick of this era. Who, who's the coaching waiting? Or is he on staff? Is it Spags, is it Maggie? Is it, do they go outside? You can't go outside because you wanna keep the continuity. You wanna keep the continuity, you wanna keep the same off and you wanna keep the same mindset. You wanna keep the same culture. So how do you do that? It has to be somebody that's already under Andy Reid that can come in and take over. If anything, it would be SPACs.


It makes sense. It, it only makes sense or bring somebody, have Eric be enemy. Come back. Maybe not as the head coach, but as the play call because he already knows the offense. Right. That'd be very, very inter That'd be very, very, very, very interesting to see that. I'm surprised that he said that. He's only looking at one more year it seems like. But you know, look, the coaches, the responsibility that's on their plate and the hours that they put in a lot. And Andy's getting, Andy's been doing this for a while. Yeah. What, 99 was his first year as a head coach. So Andy's been coaching, he was with the 49.


He was with the 49 ERs. He was on Coach Walsh staff. Then Mike brought him with him to Green Bay. So Andy's been coaching damn near 40 years. Woo. Because my brother, he was in Green Bay with my brother, my brother when, and, and Mike, Mike got there in 92 and he came with Mike from, from the 49 ERs. So I don't see it happening. 'cause I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna put myself in Andy Reid shoes and understanding, not as a team, but the individual accolades, you know, the individual achievements that I can achieve. You know, there, there are some, there are some records that are right there within Reach. Yeah. Yeah.


There's some records that are right there with, you know, within reach for Andy Reid. I don't think he steps away from the game until he surpasses those records. Ooh. That's gonna take him a while to Ocho Coach, coach Shula. Coach Shula is 328 wins. I fake 3 28. Wait, Where? Where's Andy Reid right now? Andy Reid is at 2 73. Regular season wins. Right? He's at 3 0 1 if I'm not mistaken. Playoff wins, total wins. 3 47 is the record Coach Shula, He can, you know, he can get that right. 10 wins a season. It's definitely possible. Yeah. 10 10 wins a season. That's, Let's just say for the sake of arguing for another six seasons. Yeah.


Yes, it's possible. You got, you got that 15, man. Oh Yeah, I know he's special. The question is, it is not whether or not it's possible. Do I wanna put that kind of time in? Because that's what it is. That's what it is. You know what at, at this, at this point, that car can run itself. When you have a special player like that, when Peyton Manning's with the Colts who ran everything. Oh, Peyton. The car can run itself. Patrick Mahomes has got to the point where he's as good as he is. It can, it can, it can run itself. Good, good. It can run itself. What's up black? You good? That's all. Yes. Up. Alright guys. Joining us on the set right now. Nightcap. Okay. Day cap, Jalen ro, former quarterback of the Alabama Crimson Tide, who decided to give up his final year eligibility to go into the NFL draft.


Jalen, thanks for joining us. So you, what are you, what are you repping in? You're just here for the Super Bowl, but what's going on? What are you, what are you, what are you selling? Yeah, So I'm repping Autotrader. Okay. They made this event possible for me. So I'm coming from Orange County, California, long day of travel. Yeah. And it's a great opportunity to be here. Definitely inspired, you know, to understand where I'm, why I'm here. Right. Super Bowl, you know, why I'm inspired to achieve my next dream, which is during the draft press process right now. So, you know, I'm representing Autotrader today. I got a Question, this is not where you really wanna be. You wanna be prepared for the game. It's, yeah, this is the first time. So hopefully in the future we don't see you back here again. Not in this not, yeah, Yeah.


No, no doubt. No doubt. Yeah. Think thinking About it, how has the, the, the, the process been getting ready for the draft? Yeah, so the best thing right now, I'm able, able to pour into myself right now and investing myself. One thing that's unique about the off season is no shot clock. So you have time to develop, time to pour into things that you need to improve on. And so I'm around a lot of great people. Where I'm at, I'm in Orange County with Jordan Palm and Mike White Jordan. Yeah. That's my backyard man. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm, I I'm with them right now. So it's been fun to build each and every day and find beauty in the process. Yeah. So what does Jalen Mel need to work on in order for him to get to the level of quarterback that he wants to be and know that he can be?


Because obviously there's some things that you need to work on. There's no finished products coming into the draft. There's no finished products once you enter the draft. But what is the most important thing you feel you need to work on? Putting my body in the best way. Fashion as far as efficiency to get to make every throw on the football field. Okay. That's number one. Number two, the exposure to the NFL, although I lack experience, it's come from watching tape, it comes from being in that system. And so during this process I've been able to do that. Going to the Reese Bowl. We're going and working with Jordan Palmer. Being able to reflect on tape and acknowledge, you know, where the area of weaknesses to strength and why, why you able to do that by playing, right. So, you know, for me, the, the transformation of 2023 to 2024, being a first year starter, then my final season in college.


And so just the exposure piece, number one. But also just having this off season to really narrow down how can I put myself in the best way efficiently to make every throw on the football field. Because that's what's gonna be needed when it comes to performing on Sundays. But also playing on time, playing on upright, and doing things the best way fashion so we can lead an offense to win. Mm. What do you think is the biggest transition from high school to college? College to the pro? Although you haven't played in, in, in the Pro yet, but I'm here. You said you're working with Jordan Palmer and I'm sure the, those guys are telling you what you need to do. The biggest, what do you think the biggest transition's going to be for you? So it all starts with preparation.


You know, preparation is so key. Taking care of your body is number one. And making sure that you're getting the, the amount of sleep that you need, you know, nutrition wise, what you need to be fueling your body. All those things. Number number number three after that is how are you pulling guys along? Of course you can talk X's and no somebody that, but do I have a relationship with my receiver? I have a relationship with my tight end. Do I know how OSHA run this route? Do I know how you run your route? Just knowing each, each guy runs their route differently on the football field and having that relationship with them is, is so important. And then when it talks to going to the NFL, it is all about how do you process the game? Everybody process the game differently, right?


But how often are you getting with your officer, coordinator, head coach? And something that I try to do is see football in the lens of the play caller at the quarterback position so that we're moving the right way fashion, because coach is calling this play on third down because he saw this in preparation. It's just little things like that when it comes to being the best quarterback I can be. And so it all start with preparation. You know, preparation builds confidence. You know, when you get, we touch the field on Sunday, it's time to roll and that time to think it's time to roll, it's time to trying to fall back to your level of training. And so the times where you make your your mistakes in the preparation phase is gonna help you out when it comes to Sundays. And so, like I mentioned, you know, the, what's unique about the off season, no shot clock. So during that timeframe, it's all about building. I like it. I, the, the thing that I've heard most about you is the inconsistent.


They said, look, the guy can make every throw on the field. He has a big time arm. We know the kind of legs that he has. There haven't been very many quarterbacks to rush for 20 touchdowns in the season pass for 20 touchdowns in the season in the SEC history. And we know what that conference represent. But when you hear that inconsistent, inconsistent, how does Jalen get better at those inconsistent, The objective is to win, right? So you can go back to the drawing board and, you know, fix whatever needs to be fixed, you know, fall back to what do you need to improve on. But each and every week that you had to play, the objective is to win. And so it's not, you know, worrying about external factors, worrying about what's being said or anything like that. It's all about what your teammate think of you, what's your head coach?


Think of you, yo, officer coordinator, think of you because during the journey, of course you want plays back. You know, there's some games where I'm my best game in college. I want some plays back, right? So there's always some time where I could pour into, you know, looking at some things that I can get better at. Because, you know, one thing that's unique about us as athletes, that we have strengths. We have weaknesses. And so something that is also a social norm that we, we overlook what's our shrimps and what's gonna make us all unique. And so of course, you know, I'm not a finished product. You know, some, some areas of growth I definitely need to make strides to so I can lead properly when it comes to the NFL. But one thing, I'm not gonna lose sight of what's most of my strengths and acknowledge that each week that I had to play the game. The objective is to win no matter what it looks like.


No matter if I had the most production or I had the less production, the objective is to win. And the mindset come from each two quarterback that's playing in a Super Bowl right now is win, baby win. You know what, when I, when I look at you, I've watched you play extremely talented, whether it's your legs, whether it's put, putting the ball ball in the air, your, your ability to make all the throws. One of the things we always gauge quarterbacks off of is being on the left half and being able to throw a 20 yard comeback on the opposite side of the field. You can do that. You got, you got a rope on you and watching you play, you have the ability to change the organization. You have the ability to change the franchise. Similar to what Jayden Dam did coming in, Cesar Wood, CJ Stroud and Jordan Lover obviously done. If you get to the point where we know what your strengths are, forget your strengths, take your weaknesses and make 'em stronger than what they are now.


Right. And get everything balanced, right. Boy, you all were, I've seen it with my own eyes. I don't need to be a scout. I don't need to be a gm. You special. And I'm telling you that right here in your face, I ain't never met you, but I ain't never seen you before. But I seen you play, but I got an eye for the game and I know what you gonna do. Boy, you gonna be all right. I'm telling you, you gonna be all right. Safe. I'm gonna get you here. The last question for me, what is the biggest difference between Coach Saban and and Coach Deir? So one thing that's for certain that is the stand of excellence that they both present for a program and distinguishing the two. I think the biggest thing about both of 'em and just how they run a program, it's just a little, little different, but it's always go back to how they push each and everybody to be the best version of so on and out the field.


You know, with Coach Saban was a lot of, we achieved so much, you know, I had him for three years, but this past season with Coach Deboard, it was our first year having a high GPA that we had in school history as a football team. So we was able to achieve that, right? Yeah. And there's so many areas of wins, you know, when you can think about being a person. And so I, I was able to do that with Coach Debo and Coach Saban. So for me it's all about the Niles base. I learned so much from Coach Saban, coach Debo, one coach being offensive mind, one being defensive minded. So the area of growth of learning about east side of the ball. So you know it, you know, it's hard to distinguish the two 'cause they both great at what they do. Thank you for stopping by Autotrader, Jaylen Mill Monroe.


Best of luck in The future man. And thank you again. No thank you guys. Appreci you The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids. With district detailed and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.