
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal Price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Holiday Magic is in the air. And DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more. And deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom Video breaking The tackle Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume. The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CCP g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, Joe Travis Hunter. Travis Hunter is reportedly leaning towards ending the NFL draft as a cornerback and working out as a cornerback at the NFL. Combine. Some NFL Scouts reportedly believe Hunter will come close to running between 4, 2 5 and four three oh in the 40 Many Scouts. Also, reportedly believe Hunter should be the first overall draft pick in the 2025 draft. A heavy amount of NFL executive reporting will use Hunter as a full-time corner and a part-time receiver if he's on their roster. Is Hunter the best unicorn ocho? Yeah. Everybody try. That's all we've ever said. Yes sir. All we've ever said, Ocho, you and I and many that listen to us, he can play one full-time position.


Yeah. But he'll play a part-time other position. Right. How you gonna tell that man what he gonna do? 'cause I know the game. If you play the game, we understand, understand how hard it is to play one position full game. You not playing two positions every single snap. You're just not Right. I said they don't have packages for him. Yeah. Where he comes in and he does what he does. Well, People need to understand, I'm gonna let you finish. Young people need to understand once you get to the next level, I don't think people are taking into account on how elite the talent is. Once you hit the NFL level, They don't week To week to week, you know, team to team. You think about it. Can you imagine you play for, I'm trying to think of a good, let's say you play for the Broncos and you got Patrick C on one side and then you going, you gonna play receiver and take away some of Corland Sutton's snaps.


Like, like you, you have to, I maybe I'm using a bad analogy and using the wrong team. You know, it's, It's, I think the thing is ocho because here's the thing, because okay, he's gonna go against, let's just say for the sake of argument. Yeah. He goes against Key Higgins. He got Jamar Chase, right? Well, he would, he would always be against the number one. So let's say he's covering Jamar Chase. Okay, now you got your hands full. Now you gonna go over there and play wide receiver. I like it. I like It. Every snap. Every snap. Yeah. All we said, look, I'm not saying that he can't do it, but I, the, the greatest athlete, I saw two great athletes. I saw Bo Jackson and I saw time. Yeah. And I'm old enough.


Like I said, I'm only a, I think I'm a year younger than time. And I saw time at his Apex. He played full-time corner and he had packages at wide receiver, Which is why I think that's how gonna, they're gonna use Travis And that's all we've ever seen. But people got upset with me talking about, no, he gonna play every snap at DB in every snap at corner. And I say, no, he's not. I don't, I don't, you know, it's, you know, it's funny, I don't even think A-A-A-N-F-L exec or a team or owner or a head coach would even allow that. No, I'm not, I don't even think they would allow that. Nah, I got, I get, I get diminishing returns because Okay, if you go, how you gonna gimme a hundred percent at DB and a hundred percent because look, college is college.


Right? That's one thing we've seen great college players not be able to handle it in the NFL regardless of position. Right. Offensive line, defensive line, why receiver, db, quarterback, whatever the case, running back, whatever the case may be. And to play at that level. Yeah. Every game. And you Know, I I never thought it was a possibility. Hey, I always thought he could be a full time. And I told O ocho, what did I tell you? I said, ocho, he gonna be a db And They, and then they'll put packages in it for him. Right? Like, okay, we come in with our nickel package or our spread, our spread formation ocho you know, we go five wides, something like that. You know what? And I, when, when I sat back and I thought about it, right?


And I, I sit back and think about it. There, there, there's always, there's always a special individual. There's always a person, there's always a unicorn that changes the narrative and does some of the things that we say they can't do where they're so good at what they do. A team, if going to the right situation, finds a way to utilize them a little bit more than often as opposed to what we're used to seeing. Being that it's never been done before. The fact that we've seen Travis do things at the collegiate level that have numb never been done before because he's such a special, unique talent. What happens if a team, he goes to the right situation even as a full-time DB and then he plays more steps, more snaps than normal on the offensive side of the ball because he is that special.


He is that dynamic with the ball in his hands. The legs, like you said, those guys are really, really good. Yeah. Even even the third and fourth receivers. Yeah. They were number one and two at the other place they were at. Yeah. Because guess what, excited a lot of those guys look and I think he's a phenomenal talent. Oh yeah. But a lot of the guys that he's going against at db, a lot of guys that he's going against at wide receiver, they ain't gonna be in the NFL. Every guy that he go against on Sunday, guess where he is at OCHO? In the FL? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. And boy, look here when all I hear about is they talk about how good you are. Oh, you best believe I'm gonna be on my best behavior? Yeah. Oh yeah. You'll absolutely get Shannon Shark's best game.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Listen, I listen when it come to competing and practice. Huh? You coming in as a number one or that number two pick? I gotta see why. Oh, you gotta show me. I gotta see why you Got, you got, you gotta show me. Matter of fact, I did the ma the man broadcast on Peacock Day and me and Trav, we, we was talking a little trash. Right. I told he talking about, let's let's lace him up. I said, okay, well let's lace him up for that Heisman. You get 10 routes. If I, if I get open one time, I get to hold your Heisman for a whole year. Say no problem, no problem. I believe you can get up on, I believe, I believe you better get up on that. I believe. I believe you better get up on, on that first route. Because after that, your legs, your leg, your knee, your hips, your ankles, they be, Hey listen, they gonna be aching so bad.


Hey, my mind, my mind know what to do Now. I don't know if my body or my brain gonna register my body going operate like it's supposed to, like god damn 20 years ago. But, oh man, it was a good time. I'm, I'm happy. I'm happy for Young Bull though man. I am too. I'm Happy. But I, like I said, it's, I think it's contingent. Do I believe he's the best player in the draft? Absolutely. Absolutely. But here's the thing, if I need a quarterback, I'm not taking the best player in the draft. Well listen, number one, the number one, the number one, the team that is drafting number one and drafting number one, because they don't have a quarterback at the hill. And it's gonna be Shado, it's gonna be, and number two is going to be Travis Hunter. I'm telling you, they, they going one and two. They go on one and two.


Yeah. Something Unless something drastic happens. Yes. But those are two talents that you can't pass up. 'cause the the number one team, whoever's picking first, they need a quarterback. You're right. It they do. It has to be the ideal situation. So I'm asking, they need Sure. Either going to the Giants or the Raiders doing something to hop up to number one and snatch him up. And I'm not sure who has the number two pick. Yeah. But I'm glad I got an opportunity to see it. Like I said, I, I remember when Champ came out and Champ was a DB nice. And Champ was an outstanding db. Nice. I mean he was an All American and I saw him on the opposite side of football. Champ had like four or five touchdowns. But we've never seen a guy be this good on the offensive side even would it Charles Woodson?


Yeah, Charles ran back punts. He got a couple of plays on offense. But Charles wasn't this good on offense. Nah, now maybe they were a little bit more polished as a db. Yeah, because Champ Footwork was second to none. That a homeboy from C County, Hey man, he get in and outta that break board a, he had some feet on him. Very nice, very nice. And he had ball, He had some feet, he had some feet on him. Great, great ball skills. But, but Trav, when you talk, when you talk about the combination of offense and defense, offense, I haven't seen anything like it. Now I didn't see time in college. You know, time was a db obviously time punt. I don't know if Time played. I, I had talked to him in a minute.


I ain't, I ain't bothered. 'cause I know he getting ready for the bowl. When they play the bowl game the 28th. What time they play? Wait, who was, who was Colorado playing in they bowl game again? BYU Oh Oh Yeah, BYU ain't no slouch boy. They play the 20th? Yeah. Okay, okay. The 28th. Okay. They do play the 28th. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You ain't no slouched. They nice. No, no, no. Nah, they not, they Nice. That's gonna be a good game. Very good game. O Joe. The Falcons are expected to cut Kirk Cousins before the $10 million roster bonus due. This will reportedly canceled the rest of the $180 million.


That included the hundred million dollar guarantee. Yeah. Huge. What you think? Huge era. But hold on. How much of the money is he got? He still gonna have, he don't, he got, wow. Hey listen, It canceled the last 80. So he's still getting a hundred million because he made 62 this year. Yeah. And he's gonna make 38 next year. Yeah. Hey, listen, they, they, they, they gonna save, they gonna save face. They, they, they gonna, they, You can't save face. And that was my ocho we had this conversation. I said Ocho, it doesn't make sense. Yeah, Yeah. I said at best case scenario, you're gonna get one year out of cousins. You've been tell me he's not, there's only, there's only one quarterback that I'm paying a hundred million dollars.


And that's Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. If he ain't getting no hundred million, I damn sure ain't giving Kirk Cousins no hundred million Dollars. You have to, you have to understand. Huh? You know how the business works. You understand the importance of having a quarterback at the position. Even though the quarterback, the said quarterback in question right now, his only one one playoff game. You know what you get from it in the season? You know what, what's that? That simple. Oh, you like this? You cold. I ain't cold. I'm cool. Oh, okay, okay. Cold. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so you, you, you, you understand. Oh, Look at the, look at the paper. Look at you see the I got mine. Don't worry about it. You gonna see me and mine every day from now on whenever it's time to travel. Yeah, but you, you un you understand why, you know teams pay for the quarterback position like that because in order for your team to function, you gotta have a quarterback and you, you know what?


You, you know what you got. Well the Fal the Falcons are malfunctioning. So what am I paying for? But hey, listen, it is the Michael Pennix Jr. Show from now on. I know that. Lucky left, lucky Lefty. What's that? What size is that? Double It look like a robe almost. It's big. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Okay. Okay. I see you. Yeah. I can't wait. I can't wait till I get home to mine because mine, yeah. Oh, this it, this meat right here Cook. Yeah. Hey, you know what? Hey listen people, people in the chat, you need to understand when you order, when you order, you know the cotton and you feel the material.


This ain't just any kind of cotton. This a hundred thousand sheep Egypt. Yeah. Yeah. This the kind of cotton that the Pharaoh slept on. You hear me? This ain't Night we get in some ish Yeah. Deep cover on the incognito tip. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You look like eight, seven. You look like Nino Brown. Yeah. You know I saying Yeah. Yeah. You, yeah. You know, Hey right. You, you know what time it, What it do about to, Hey, you better not be No, I about to run down.


Yeah. Yeah. But Ocho, I I, I, we talked ocho when we talked about this, I said Ocho, let's just say for the at, at the best case scenario, you get two years. Yeah. Worst case you get one year. Yeah. Ocho you about to pay this man a hundred million. Yeah. I I mean listen for us, you know, for, for the casual fan not understanding you, you understand how teams work. You understand how owners work and how bad they need a quarterback. And sometimes I always feel About that kind mistake on me. Sometimes you have to overpay. Now that's the one. Oh Joe, you, That's The one Joe, you remember what, What happened?


Guys used to get paid and they like, oh, we, they made a mistake. I like, why can't nobody know Team make a mistake on me like that. Give me, give me gimme 12 million. Yeah. Gimme 14 million and send me on my damn weight. Hey, it's only a hu A hun Ocho actually, and I said this, I said this on first tape. I said they got President Trump as time, as time person of the year. Time Magazine person of the year. That's Kirk Cousin's agent. Kirk cousin Agent should be Time Magazine person of the Year. Yeah. Do you know how my cousins has made? Oh yeah. He, he done made a grip for one play. I win. Yeah. He done made a grip. I'm thinking about, I'm thinking about getting hit, but I love my team, so I'm just playing Josh, but, and Marvin.


But man, you kind of Lord have mercy and Listen, you gotta understand he bet on himself twice. He bet on himself twice. And then it's all about He got the franchise tag twice. Oh yeah. And then he goes to Minnesota. Yeah. Ocho they fully guaranteed the contract for the first time in NFL History. History. They fully guaranteed. Guaranteed. And guess what they did? He played so well because hey, you know, Kirk can light you up. You ain't gonna win nothing, but you go light you up. Yeah. In the Rest, They, they fully guaranteed the next contract. So you think about this franchise tag, fully guaranteed franchise tag fully guaranteed. He got three years fully guaranteed. Yep. He got another three years fully guaranteed. And then First Cousins got eight years of fully guaranteed money.


Yeah. Yeah. See they, and one, one thing about Kirk too, you know, he's a, he's a, he is a child of God too. Now he's the child of God. And one thing about it, your cup will runeth over if you continue to put that man at the forefront. So regardless, regardless of how his play has been, whether it's stellar or whether it's been bad, huh? The most high has always had his back. Babe ain't fair Boy. Who you telling? What do partner? What you looking for? Pardon?


That what I'm saying? Better not be. Hey, how go get that PP What? You get that Pew, pew, Pew, pew, pew. P Let let 'em know. Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll learn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products that Apple like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com. Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation.


At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you.


Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thursday night football is On and it's only on Prime video. Breaking The tackle Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're Gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Fairs Thursday on, on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon prime details. Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's Right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list.


So join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays. Hey, Jamar. Chase the t Higgins. I just told him we're stuck together for life now. We're locked in for life. Ocho should the Bengals do everything they possibly can to resign t Higgins with a deep, I just don't know how the defense is bad as it is OCHO Yeah, I I don't, I don't understand. I love the idea though. I love I love Joe Burrow. Joe, I love you Chase. I love you T boy. You know how I feel about you, boy, you know how I feel about you.


But to get what you deserve, stay with me. Now listen to me TI know you gonna see this to get what you deserve. Like it's, it's gonna be hard. It's gonna be hard. Y'all need to, to understand the business aspect of things. You know, t you work your ass off t to get where you at, to get to Clemson, to get to the NFL. All the hard work you've put in. You deserve to be paid as the receiver that you are. You are a fucking number one receiver. You hear me? And we one of the two team, one of the few teams in the NFL that has been fortunate to have two number one receivers. Now it's time for you to be paid as such. You know, I would love to see you stay with the Bengals. I would love it. Me as a Bengal, but then I'm able to separate my love for the team and understanding what you deserve as and be Real Hard work you've put in.


This is, this is me. And you know how I am. I'm Bengals everything. So I I just, I I love the idea though man. I love Joe and, and what Joe would be willing to do. I'm not sure how they can, they can work it con can contractually where they can make it happen defensively. We need help defensively. We need, we need help. We need pieces in certain places that will allow us to compete in that age North division. But guys, because everybody else is getting big. But, but to, you got, come on man. I understand you, you love the city. You, you love your boys. But I, I just, me personally, I want what's best for you. And this is coming from, I'm I, if I cut myself right now, I bleed black and orange.


But I want you to get what you deserve. Black. 'cause you done put the work just black. You Deserve it. Ain't nothing orange Come again. Just black. Ain't nothing orange. Oh, Joe. What's up Chase? Talk to me Jay, Joe, you see your offense even though y'all putting up these numbers. Look at your, look at y'all losing. You not gonna win. Look at, go back and look. Even the greatest show on turf of 2001. They got beat. Yeah. The Broncos scored the most points in the NFL history. They got beat the, the Patriots.


They got beat the Washington football team before they became that the, you know, the Indian name, they got beat. If you cannot stop somebody, you can't score enough points to do it to win. You just can't. Yeah. The NFL history has shown that I gave just gave you the four highest scoring teams in NFL history, Minnesota vi, like about Minnesota Vikings. They got beat before they got to the Super Bowl. Go back and look at the 83 Washington team. They got beat. Go back and look at the 2007 Patriots. They got beat. Go back and look at the 2013 Broncos. They got beat.


Hey, I want everybody to get their money. Yeah. But I'm afraid t's gonna probably have to go somewhere else to get that money. Yeah, because the, if the Bengals are serious, they gotta upgrade their defense, don't you? Yeah. It's really that simple. Yeah. Yeah. I, and I, I I hate it. I I hate it for TI hate it for Joe. I hate it for Chase. I hate it for the fans of Cincinnati. I mean, everybody loves, everybody loves T hell, I I love TI like him in Yes. I love what he brings to that offense and what he's able to do. Him and Chase are completely different to me. I, again, like I see, I view them as two number one, receivers, both of 'em that get the job done in a different way. Listen, it is multiple ways to skin a cat. But at the, at the, at that, at the, at the end of, end of the day, you know, they play the, they play the receiver position and they do it very well in two totally different styles.


Yeah. I just don't see how you can have two a a a, a 40 million receiver and a 30 million receiver and a 55 million quarterback. Yeah. And your defense is hemorrhaging. Damn man. I, I would love to see it though. And I'm, I'm, listen, I don't, I don't know how to do the numbers. I'm not good at that. You know, that's not something that I do do. And just trying to see, is it even possible? Is it even feasible for, for no them to do anything and just you you can't, you can't. No. Now if this, this was Madden, we can make it work. Yeah, we can just work. We can move some things around. We, we can make it work. But in real life, no understanding and knowing what T deserves man and don't, don't do, don't do my dog like that.


Miles Garrett wants to be a part of the Browns, but he doesn't wanna be a part of the Browns if they're in a rebuild mode. Garrett said, I'm not trying to rebuild, I'm trying to win right now. And I want that to be apparent. When the season is over and we have those discussions, I want them to be able to illuminate or illustrate that for me so that I can see something I can see in the near future. Because that's all I want to do. I want to stay loyal to the team that show loyalty to me and faith in me by drafting me. But we have to do, at the end of the day, what's best for us. Garrett a five time pro bowler, a three time all Pro played just has played in just three postseason games. Two of them came in 2020 when the Browns front earned their first playoff win since 1994.


And again last season. And a lopsided 45 to 14 lost to the Houston Texans Ocho Joe, where are you on this? Hey, This you under I I I like the ultimatum. I like the ultimatum. Basically that's, that's all it is at this point. If we're in a rebuilding stage, if we don't find a, a resolution at the quarterback position, please do right by me so I can have a chance to compete at a, at the playoffs and for a Lombardi trophy allowed me to go to a team that, that's going to be in contention. Where would that be? I should Have had my name on the back. Why I ain't getting the name on the back of my shirt. What I need back.


I need my name on the, you remember we in school used to have the name on the back of your, Your jacket back, back in the day. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Back in the day. Yeah, absolutely. You get, you get your name, get your name stitched on there. Yeah. I wanna get my name on the back. They might not, they might not recognize who I am if I don't got my name on it. Nah, they, they gonna know who you're I understand. I understand his frustration. But lemme ask you a question, Ocho. Yes sir. How close, how close do you think the, the Bengal Bengals, the Browns are to being a legitimate ch team that can ultimately reach the destination that, that Miles want them to get there?


You know what, can I be honest with you? Yeah. The Browns have a very good defense. They have a very, very good defense. You don't win with defense. I know I left you win, but you better be able to put points on the board. Lemme finish. They're, they're a quarterback away. Oh. And they've been a quarterback away for what, the past 30, 40 years. They are, they are quarterback away. I'm not just talking about the any quarterback. I'm talking about the CJ Stroud. I'm talking about the Jayden Daniels. You know Patrick, well ain't know Patrick Mahome coming along no time. He stopped right there. But yeah, Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson, a Josh Allen away from competing, you know, for, for a championship or at least contending year in and year out at at, at a playoff spot.


They're quarterback away and have been for years. And if you look at what the Browns have been through for however long it's been, when it's been trying to find a quarterback, it lets you know how important that position is. You can't start, you can't start a franchise. You can't build a team, you know, in any way. You can have pieces and great players. You know, you have your Miles Garris, you have your Denzel Awards, but you'll never be able to compete in the a SC North in the playoffs. You tell that before Goddamn Lombardi trophy. Yeah. Right. Unless you have a goddamn quarterback. What happened? What y'all laughing at? She made me a name plate.


But that's, and unfortunately the Browns might have to make a very difficult decision and trade their best player in order to rebuild and get what they need. Ocho And listen, if, if, if trading Miles Garrick can get to the quarterback of your, of, of your future, which I'm not sure how it would be. 'cause the quarterback of your future would probably be in the draft That Well, that means what you do is that you give up drafts. Somebody might, they have to give, you might have to give up two first rounders and a third rounder And Oh, for Miles Garrett. Absolutely. Yes. And because how old is Miles Garrett? 26, 27. Yeah. He's he's a youngin. He he's a youngin now. He's a youngin.


But you listen, you gotta you gotta keep shooting. You gotta keep, keep, you gotta keep shooting, shooting for that quarterback. You gotta keep shooting because until you get one. Talking About talking about Miles Garrett to the Ravens and Kirk Cousins to the Browns. Ah, hell nah. I can tell you right now, they ain't doing that deal. They'll never, they, the Ravens couldn't give up three first rounds to get miles Garrett. Mm. That ain't happening. Hell no. You definitely ain't going into the, into division. Into division. No. Shit. Forget that For the Steelers, the Ravens, the Bengals. Oh no, absolutely not.


Okay Don, check this out. The Saints had an unusual way of preparing rookie quarterback Spencer Rattler for the Monday night game against the Packers in Wisconsin where temperatures are expected to be 30 degrees allure and potential snow is expected at Lambo field. Right. Quarterbacks coach Andy Janko Genco Yeah. Took Rattler and the rest of the safe quarterback into a walk-in freezer in the team's cafeteria to run through plays. You know what I, I like that Janko said he got the idea for watching Cool, cool Runnings. Yeah. Hey Harry. MCC cool Runnings. Hey cool. Running was a good movie. Good movie ocho. Yes Sir. Lemme ask you a question. Talk to me now. How long You think they stayed in that freezer?


Not long enough to not, not long enough to be at the game. Not, not long Enough. Thank you. You need to be out there. So you need to stay in that freezer for at least a hour and a half. Yeah. And then come back out there. Do and then when you go through those planes, say, you know what, hey. And go back in there for an hour. So at least three hours. Yeah. Yeah. I I like the idea though. I like the idea. I do too. I Lo I love the idea because inside a freezer exactly what those temperatures are going to feel like out there. Exactly what they're gonna feel like. You know. Now on the sideline, you gonna have your jacket, jacket on the sideline. You're gonna have your, your heated benches. You gonna have your, your, you gonna have your, what you call the thing, the the warmer. Oh yeah, yeah. The heated seat. You Oh you the heated bench? Yeah. Yeah. You gonna have the heater so you'll be fine.


But it's on that field, on that field of play 20 degrees and below. Boy, it ain't no joke. Hey Ojo. It used to be so cold. You ever had them games that was so cold that they had chicken broth on the sideline? Nah, we can't have no food on the sideline. Huh? Chicken. Just chicken. Man, look here man. I was sloshing the ride. I said man, I gotta stop drinking man. I water along like a bug. Well y'all had chicken broth on the sideline for real? Yeah. How the hell you got it on the field? The team broke it out. There was cold. It be how? Well Shit, y'all might well have some goddamn hot chocolate too.


Oh, what you eating? Caramel corn. You need to be eating some candy, corn. You know what o we talking about candy corn and we talking about back licorice. Yeah, but you know, A-A-A-A-A candy that's flown under the radar that need its ass Kicked. What Those circus peanuts? Those orange ones. You know those orange, you know those, those orange peanuts? You know what I'm talking about? They they real spongy. What do they, what do they call? I don't Know. Are they call, they called circus peanuts or so? Yeah, they about this big, y'all know what I'm talking about. Wait, You talking about regular peanuts you got where you crack the shell?


No, no, they candy. Oh, I I They call C Yeah. Yeah. Circus peanuts. They orange look like peanuts and they sauce. Now they done, they done, they done, they done been getting away with a lot of, for a long time while we beating up on candy corn, we beating up on black liquor circus peanuts. Y'all going unscathed. But y'all some bull too. I just want you to know. Yeah, I I don't, I don't know. I don't know what those are. Well, you get off here, you Google it and you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. Well, Let me google it real quick. Go and Google It. Circus Peanut. But They don, they don, they done, they done gone. They done go. They done got, they done gone unscathed for a long time, don't You?


Yeah. There you go. Them look like cheese puffs. Hey honestly, UNC, I ain't never seen them before. They good and Terrible people. I ain't, I ain't never seen them before. Circus people. Yeah, I, yeah, I definitely, I ain't never seen them, But they done gone on sc while we beating up on candy, corn and black licorice. Now don't get me wrong, candy, corn and black licorice. Y'all some bull too, but circus peanuts, we gonna throw y'all in there. You the top three? Hell No. I dunno who came out with them And that, that that that bag, that bag looked like it's old too.


Like that's back in the day. They old. Oh yeah. See that's why I don't know nothing about that. I don't know nothing about that. I don't know nothing about that. That gotta be the Oh, gotta be The second eighties. Yeah. Yeah. So Thought and prayers go out to a major league or hall of famer, Ricky Henderson who passed away today at the age of 65. Ricky obliterated the record book owning the all time stolen base record of 1406, which is 468 more stolen bases than the all time grade of Lou Brock, who held the record at 9 38 for a dozen years before Henderson passed him in 1991. Henderson also holds the record for the most stolen bases in a single season of 130 in 1982, the most time leading the league in Steels with 12 and the most consecutive league of leading the years of leading the league in Steels with seven.


And at 39 years of age in 1998, Ricky Henderson became the oldest player in history to league the American League in Steels with 66. He's the greatest lead off hitter in the history of the game. Yeah. Nobody could get on base and impact the game like Ricky Henderson. Oh yeah. The stories that people tell about Ricky. So my thoughts and prayers go out to him, his family and all the alum ones and all those that are impacted by this loss. Same. I got an opportunity to see him play. He played a lot of team. I remember him with the, the a's remember with the Yankees. But he was a phenomenal player. Tremendous speed on the base pad. But back then, that's when people actually stole bases.


You had Willie McGee, you had all those guys, Tim rock range guys that could really, really run on the base pad. And that was a big thing. Get on base still second, potentially steal third, then a sacrifice fly, get you the home plate. Right. But now everybody's just swinging for the fences. Get the ball over. But rest in peace, Ricky, man, you gonna be missed. Unbelievable talent, obviously a Hall of Famer. But he is the greatest lead off hitter and it's not close. So y'all go ahead and debate with somebody else that actually care. 'cause I don't, but Ricky Heron is the greatest player and that 1400 steals. Yeah. That ain't gonna ever be broken. That's never gonna be broken. Because they don't even, they don't even, they don't even steal. They don't even run like that.


I mean, think about it, the man hold a hundred. Think about it. We talking about shh, who had 58 steals or 60 steals? Ricky had 130 steals. That's crazy. He had wheels. But those guys back then, they could really, really run. Yeah. De Cruz. Elliot de Cruz from the cards. Yeah. For the red the cards. The reds. Yeah, the reds. He's a big, I mean he's huge in stealing bases like that, but he got some wheels. But Ricky man Ricky was unbelievable.


As we gathered together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking The tackle Touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


All right, Ojo, now is time for q and a. Q and a q and A Need. All that said, prayers to tank Dale second year in a row. He got took out by a teammate after getting shot this off season. Yeah, that's tough. That was tougher man. It's always tough to, to obviously injury this late in the season. Ocho Yeah. That that you got a chance for the play you going into the playoffs. Yeah. It makes it even worse too, huh? When you get, when you get injured, you know, if anything, either you never want anybody get injured, but if you going, if it's gonna happen, let's let it happen early in the season.


So then your recovery Time gimme an opportunity to come back. Exactly. So you are able to be ready for training camp or be ready for the, for the start of the season. Man. So I I I hate this for Tank, you know, two, two years in a row. I'm not sure what the, the, the, the severity of the injury is. Did you hear anything yet? I haven't heard anything. We do, we got any reports? I mean Yeah, but if you think about Ojo, the amount of time that it took to get him up Yeah. And how he left the field. Yeah man. We know this. We don't know where the injury is, but we know he not coming back this year. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. He's in the hospital. Ojo. Yeah Man. That, that's Crazy. So that's not good. So Tank, I just want you to know, we're praying for you bro.


Wish you a speedy recovery was having a real good season and unfortunately this happened to you, so, but just want you to know the Nightcap family here. We're definitely thinking about you and I thought some prayers go out to you. Angie card said Josh division is is, but same way y'all downplay Lamar's performance against the Giants. Keep that same energy in Josh playing bomb bomb competition. I'm trying to think who made the playoffs last year when Lamar won the MVP. Who went, who won in that division? So the Pittsburgh make the, make the playoff last year.


Did Cleveland make the playoff last year? Did Cincinnati make the playoff last year? Angie, I'm just asking. I mean, you feel free to jump back in the chat and let me know in that division who made the playoff last year. I, because I'm interested to see, I I just, I just you Do realize that they don't, you know, they play other teams too. I mean it does. I mean, look, yes, I saw and, and, and I know Baltimore beat Buffalo, but what do I do? Would you lose to the Raiders? What am I supposed to do with that ojo? That team got two wins. Yeah. And one of 'em came against y'all.


Yeah. I'm just, look, I'm just looking at objectively Lamar had 25 touchdowns and five picks. You said it's not about stats, it's about wins. Right Now when your guy has the stats, you say it's about stats. It's not about wins. I'm confused. Yeah. The the goalposts always move the thing on who's at the topic of the discussion. You know, but it's, it's a hard argument too, you know, because who it is you talk about two of the best, the best at the positions right Now. We know, well we know it's a two horse race. Ocho. Yeah. And I believe, look, I believe Josh might have a slight lead. Yeah.


Okay. This, this is Josh. This is Lamar. Yes sir. He might have a slight lead now we only got a couple, we only got a couple of lengths to go. Now it ain't like, it ain't like we starting at the, we starting at the start line. We go out to let 'em out the, you know, let 'em out the gate Ocho Yeah, they're right there. We down the home stretch and as the guy was saying, and down the stretch they come. So it's really, it's really that, it's really that simple. Look, Lamar is gonna have an unbelievable season, but if, if we just gonna take it on stats. So what are we gonna do about Joe Burrow? Ooh, come on. Now If y if we just basically on stats.


Yeah. What are we gonna do about Joe? Well Then in that case then they're going to bring up the record. The team, the team do See I told you the goal, the goalpost move the goal, the goalpost will move depending on who it is said topic. Because we, if we, if we basing everything off stats and numbers, well hell, Joe Burrow is running away with the goddamn MVP. What, what's, what's the bang With the bang of what? 4, 9, 4 and eight. I mean what's No, No, no. They won five games. Five, five. No, they won. They they five or six Five. And I think they got six wins because if they went out and the Broncos lose out, they would make the playoffs.


Well I Could, I could see they six eight. I could, I could tell you this right now. We are, we're winning out. That's gonna happen. We gonna win out and when we make the playoffs, we're going to be a team that nobody wants to see. I don't know with that defense. I think if I'm an offense, I wanna see that defense because all I gotta do is if I get one stop, I feel very comfortable against that defense. O Joe. I like that. Especially if I get the ball into the red zone, I feel real good. Okay. I like how I like how you feel. I like, I like how you feel. I Understand. I'm just basing it on, I'm just basing on what's happened this year. I I know now I'll concede this. They have played better.


Yes. Yes they have. But Now Joe didn't play particularly well last week. The defense played outstanding. They have, they shoulda had, they should have had two scooping scores. Scores, yeah. Because remember the guy fumbled the ball as he's crossing the goal line. They got another pick six, they picked them off four times. They picked up what? Two fumbles. And See, see, but that's, that's the scary part. That's the scary part about the game of football. You can play bad all season long and all of a sudden you get to a playoffs and it's one game. You get hot, You get hot, you get hot at the right and the right time. And that's what the defense has done. Maybe I'm just saying maybe they're getting hot at the right time.


I mess, mess around that. I done told you, I done. Listen, I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I don't believe in fairytales. But if that goddamn Joe Burrow and Jamal Chase and the rest of that team happened to get their ass into the playoffs and shocked the world when they end up, I tell you with, with the greatest story of all time Joe Burrow back in New Orleans, we Super, that would be a great story, man. I don't think it'll happen. I I I know it, it, it sounds good. You do wanna go there so you can go to the game. Well, I, I don't never go to the game no matter what unless I Have Oh, you go to if the, if the Bengals in there you go. The Bengals played, the Bengals played at play. The Rams. I didn't go to that game.


I went Home. Well you already knew what was gonna happen. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I think that'd be a great story though. Great story. Alright. Oto king Jamon fun oto, since my bears are out of the playoff race, we going to beat the lion tomorrow. You're not. And hopefully Roy, their chances at the bye week. I'll be back tomorrow night to say foot and ball. Bear down. You're not, No. Where was the, where, where did they play this game at? Is this your game in Chicago? Is it in in, in the Detroit? It Don't, it don't matter where it's at. It don't matter where The lion always in Chicago. Yeah, because they played, they played the bears played them on Thanksgiving in Detroit.


Right. So it's in Chicago. I, the, the, the lions. The lions put up 40, the lions put up 40 and back to back weeks. I, I got 'em putting up th by maybe maybe 35 tomorrow in the cold. Okay. No Montgomery, They down like 16, 17 guys on defense on IR O Joe. Hey, how many, About 16 or 17? They struggled on that side of the ball. Yeah.


DG said oh and Zo what if the NFL institute, they make it take it rule. If the team's defense scores on a pick six or a scooping score the offense, get the ball back. That ain't fair. Mess around with some of these offenses. Your ass might not touch the ball. Yeah. You might not get the ball. You might not get the ball no more. Next time you get the ball you down 24. Nothing. Yeah, Ima imagine playing, playing mahome, you know some of, some of the elite decision makers with the ball that don't really turn it over a lot. Yeah, they keep going down. Make it take it you king and field goals and they getting the ball right back. Sh boy, I don't want no part of that. No sir.


You just say what's up. Unc question for unc, do you have a favorite child in terms of your dog? Which one behaves the best and can we see them? Teddy's bad. You would think Teddy head is the hardest. Tight. Titan is tightest is the scariest. But he listens the best. Especially to me. Tides will listen but you gotta like almost plead with his little, I dunno, it, it's just something about small dog. They got a personality of their own and he and Titus they get into it and Titus be trying to sleep and then, then Teddy will go stand on his head, he'll start biting his ears.


Okay. Titus try to move him away. He, you know, he'd take his party, move him out the way and then titles will get tired of him and then he'll like, actually he'll, he'll step on him. That drives Teddy crazy. So now Teddy gotta fight. Oh, he gotta growl. He got, oh yeah, he all in now. And he mad like, bro, if you left him alone, he was asleep. He wasn't bothering you. But Teddy, Teddy, Teddy is like, I can't carry tighter titles. T's big ass Tuss weigh like 177 pounds. So, but he wants to stand on me because he see Teddy in the bed, he want to get in the bed. He see me carry Teddy, he think I can carry him. I can't carry you bro.


I cannot. But Teddy is the one that is the baddest, behaves the least and gets the most attention. So t asked car washing detail said, oh, what's your favorite interview this year? Mine was Chris Brown. I think CB was last year. CB was a 2023. Oh. Oh my goodness. Well obviously Cab was special. I like the Terry Cruz interview. T Cruz was very forthcoming. Carlos Miller is a damn fool. Yeah. My my favorite, my my favorite was Tyrese.


You like Tyree, like He's unpredictable. You don't know what he's gonna say. So me sitting there, you know, being able to actually be there while y'all was filming, I didn't know what he was gonna say. So I'm locked in and tuned in because he's one of the few people that will say any and everything. Yeah. You know that people know. People think it, but they won't say it out publicly, but he'll yeah, Probably. And Ms. Pat And Ms. Pat was good. Ms. Pat was off the chain. Miss Pat was Good, man, I ain't never laughed so much in my life. Yeah. I mean she is just like, she's the type of person Don show because like I said, I had met her like three years ago. She was on my plane sitting right next to me.


Now I didn't know this was before she took off. Right. And so she was talking, you know, she like, I love myself some Fki. She said, my name is Pat, blah blah, blah. But it didn't, Dawn and I, I didn't know who she was. And so she's got a, a Louis Vuitton purse, but she got a Gucci backpack. So we getting off the plane, I say, next time you might wanna match your accessories. She said, well, next time you might wanna kiss my ass and buy it from me then. And she, and she tells me just like that, but I dunno what the f you talking about. Right. I ain't got money like that. And so That's funny.


But you know, all, all of them Ocho. And the thing is, is that because I learned something, I didn't expect to get what I got from Kiki. She's very mature, very good for her age, very, very good. But she, she was getting some jabs in there. She was, she was unbelievable. Ms. Pat have an opportunity to sit down with Meg. I mean they, they just, they just great man. I just liked the way people just like to get comfortable with me and they opened up. Right. But Ms. Pat was, man, miss Pat was out of mine, man. It was great. Carlos Miller, he was unbelievable also. But I'm looking forward to, so we already shooting to have stuff for 2025.


Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm very excited to, so hopefully, obviously Yeah, I, no, Johnny, oh yeah, we did Johnny Mansel. Johnny Mansel was was this year also, wasn't he? Yeah, we had some bangers this year guys. I ain't gonna lie. We had some, we had some bangers this year. I was, I was very, very pleased with the booking team. I think that they're very happy. What do I get? I ain't get no bonus. Why I ain't getting no bonus? What y'all gonna get? What y'all gonna get me, Ash? You gotta, you got, you gotta get, you gotta get, you gotta get Meech on there, unc. You gotta get Meech on there to tell it. Tell a story. You know, the beginning, the middle, and the end, you know?


Yeah. In The when do we, when we, when what I, what's my gift? What y'all get me? What You get the boss that got nothing. Oh, okay. Oh, I ain't gonna be here. Hey, I need to get it before I go. I wanna take it with me. Huh? Oh yeah. I am in the morning. I gotta it night. A hint what it is. Hey man, they ain't wrapped them down present till the night before. They would send me to the car. Hey boy. Go get in the trunk of my car.


Nevermind. Bring your ass back in this house. You, you finna you finished Christmas shopping already? Yeah, I'm done. You done? Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I'm done with Christmas shopping. I'm done with Christmas shopping by the, by the end of November. Are you okay? Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. I Oh All. Hey, what you want? It's easy. Mama want money, sister want money. Right. My brother said he good. The kids got what they got. Grandkid got what he got. But you see, I mean, you got, you gotta think. We got, we got shit, man. I got, I got a whole a platoon over here.


Yeah. Man, Listen, the owners ain't on me. I don't, I don't do the shopping. I asked, I asked for your list. You know, everybody gave me their list. You know, the little, the little babies gave me their list. Yeah. All the kids are grown. They gave me their list. And I, I told you how I am with them because they don't ask for anything during, during the year. They can act up. They can act up Christmas time and they gonna get it. And you, and you already know who gotta go through all the shopping online and at the store. You, you know. Yeah. It ain't me. So, you know, the, you, you know I ain't, yeah. That I ain't, I ain't finna say no, I don't, I ain't say Yeah. Yeah. Hey, put your order in, y'all know, one 800 Shelly.


Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, Hey, because that's what they call, they don't, Hey, they put, they call Shelly. They tell Shelly, well the kids say they want this, this one say they want this. Right. This one say they want that. Okay, fine. Yeah. Your, your mama say she want money. Even though she get money every month that comes outta my account, it goes into her account. How much money you need, mama. And stop playing the slots. You have a lot more money. Play the damn slots. Ocho Woo. Uncle Ocho. I have a question for y'all. Yeah. What do you think? I don't know. Har I think you, I think this might, might be, you might be talking about you Ocho he's asking a question.


What do you think is worse? A husband having a baby outside of the marriage and his wife finding out or wife getting pregnant outside the marriage. But the husband thinking it's his Oh, the latter. What the hell you mean? Which is worse? The ladder. Listen, hey, I, I mean both of them. Ocho is almost like a ton of, which is heavy. A ton of bricks or aton of feathers. Yeah. They go, neither is a good situation. No, but boy, Hey, that, hey, that's, that, that sound like a lifetime movie. Huh? Now I understand. It does happen in real life. When, when you situations like that, when they have movies, movies come from real life situations.


Absolutely. Always. Yeah. It got, it got to come from somewhere, stuff like that though. But that's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I done See, I, I done seen it on Mor a few times. That's a, that's a a that's a bold woman to do something like that. I'm telling. Huh? That's a bold boy. You play look here, you ain't playing with fire. Yeah. You play with nuclear material. Yeah, because boy, They, they, they, oh my god. They, they, they listen. They're both bad. And it's a double standard where the ladder is a is way worse ladder. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't wish that situation on anybody.


Nobody. So look ladies, I don't want you to think that I'm trying to side, because I'm a man. I'm side with the man. Right. And, and men, I don't want you to think I'm trying to, you know, play the PC rot and go with the women. Right. I don't wish that, but boy, that latter situation. Yeah. Boy, a white boy, you play with, you play with fire, both of y'all. No. Wait, you talking about playing with fire, about getting pregnant, you playing with fire, let alone getting caught sleeping with another man in general. Ooh. You know, certain men aren't built to be able to deal with some No, No, no. The stuff that women take from us, certain men ain't able to deal with that type of, that type of pain. Wait, you gave up my to him to what?


He had, he had your legs quarter to quarter to three. My my stuff. He and, and, and what? And his seed growing inside of you. Now That's a whole nother story. Lord. Mercy. Jesus. Hold on. He put, he put his pickle. He, he put, he put the pickle in the jar and you got the, Oh, this man done shot up the club. I mean, he just spraying the club up. Oh Man. Matter fact, he not, I'm gonna tell you how he spray the club up and Harlem nights, the goddamn shootout scene with our, put that little shit up, nigga.


That must been what the was doing. He spraying with, he got that. Lord have mercy. Hey man, listen man, I look here, man. I don't look at, I wouldn't wish that on note. Have I heard of situations like that? Absolutely. Oh Yes. Yeah. Absolutely. Ab absolutely heard of a, of a been married. Yeah. And the woman getting pregnant out. Lord have mercy. Yeah. Yeah. It, and one thing about it, as, as men, you know, especially in the chat, one, one thing that you, you can never do, you never let your ego and your pride get in the way and thinking it can't happen to you.


Don't matter who you are, don't matter how much money you got. Don't matter how good you look. You hear me? Yeah, but they don't, don't be no fool. Don't be naive. It it, oh, no, no, no, no, no. It can, it can, it can definitely happen to you. Oh, yeah. Yeah, Man. It don't, it don't matter who you are. It don't matter who you are. You know, it, it just life. Sometimes life throw you curve balls. You gotta make you, you gotta, boy Ocho. Yes, sir. I don't know. Ojo, you better cover that thing and have that like a dead president. Just sit down and slump. Oh man. Nobody know.


Nobody knows, man. Man, why you man, you messing up somebody night with that one. It's life. Boy. That's life boy. Woo woo. Yeah. That's tough. Yeah. But, and ocho it's one thing. And, and then you let him shoot up the club. Oh Lord. You let the man spray the club. Oh. Oh Lord. Oh, I'm hungry. Oh, man. Oh no. Oh, it Did. I, and, and guys, it don't, eh, don't, is it good? Is he better than me? You don't wanna know that answer. Hey, shit, I'm, I'm, I'm taking notes.


Well, Uhuh well baby, talk to me now. Where, where am I laughing? Don't talk to me. Don't you have me done, Don. I wanna know. I don't wanna know What, what, what a Come On man. That man done. Put that Alabama black on that. You talking, you wanna, man, come on. Don't say Let it out up. Let it. Thank you, baby. I love you. Hey, hold on, hold on. Hey, remember that video? You was my cinnamon apple. You was my cinnamon apple. What happened?


Did we go wrong? What happened to communicating? Hey, What happened to you? Done? Hey, you, hey Ocho women that move with Samuel Jackson. Yeah. Black snake Moan. Oh, black. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just like, nah. Oh Lord, Lord have mercy. Hey, that's, that's funny. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Do not ask no questions. You don't wanna know the answers to It doesn't matter if it was good or not. The the damage, the result is the result. Shannon, were you a good student?


I got a degree from Savannah State. Don't Matter about the good student. I Got a degree. It was good enough to do the job. That's all that, that's all that matter. That's Well, Lord. Lemme get off this. Bad, Bad. You, you hurting. No, you hurting over there, huh? Bad. Don't, Don't let it get to you. Don't let it Good to you baby. Bad man. Lemme go out there and make sure them chop was right.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping Point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global Degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking the tackle touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on, on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Coby from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


Uncle. Hey, you shouted out my Aunt Mo livestream. Yes. She's still shing it up in the kitchen. How bad you miss that chicken in yellow rice because we get it. We can get it to you. Oh man. As a matter of fact, when I, we sent that thing out, Kim Alexander, she was at the show in Dallas. Me and her husband rested soul Eli and Eli was there. And April Crockett, they remember Pocho when I say that poor child could cook. Yeah. And she, but see, the thing is there's a difference between somebody can cook and then somebody that loves to cook. Mm. See she loved to cook.


Mm. So I'm talking about, and people like, she cook every day. Mo cooked fresh. I'm talking about chicken and rice, fried chicken, mac and cheese. I'm talking about she cooking because a lot of times the guys were going over there, we going over there to eat. So she cooking for 10, 12 people. 14 people. Yeah. Lord have mercy. It's different. It's different. You know. Hey, Malik, what more at, tell Bo I said hello and tell us send some chicken and rice and mac and cheese and that cake. Tell sit that pound cake too. Yeah. She, if she know how to, if she know how to bake, I would love a yellow cake with chocolate icing. That's, that's something that I love.


That's something, Hey, The lady gonna get that did the cake for me. They gonna get you a cake. Okay, There it is. Talk to me now. I'm right. I'm right there in Miami. I'm not, I'm not hard to find. If you ever come to Miami, all you gotta do is ask somebody. They'll point you in the right direction to where I'm at. The real Jin Star Uncle Ocho, can you give my bro a happy birthday? Shout out. He turns 36 and he's a Raven fan, bro. You should have gave us a name. But happy birthday bro. Raven. The back in the playoffs. Yeah, that's a great birthday gift because you know that's what you guys want. I know. The only thing that'll make you guys even happier than that would be for the Ravens to get to and win the Super Bowl.


Because I could, I know what it was like when we won the first one. Yeah, I, I can imagine what it was like when they run the second one. Because that was Ray's last game. Yeah. And they've been yearning for that ever since. What was that, 2012? Yeah. Think 2012. They won. They beat the 49 ERs. So congratulations bro. Happy birthday. Congratulations on the Ravens for making the playoffs. Big things ahead. I hope for you guys. Blo. Blo 91 said Unc put that hood on again and do the gangster. Oh ig. My stomach. My stomach hurt, but you know what I'm saying. I need that thing. You know I got that stick upstairs.


I should run upstairs to get that stick. But you know you two will take my, take our page. Yo. We on our best behavior right now. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. We got nine more days up And we get, we can play our videos again. Yep. Nine more days and we'll be gone drinking beer pissing phone. Ready? We don't no beer. Nobody. No beer here. Oh Man. Nine days. That man, that was the longest 90 days dash. But that's all right. We lost, we at ocho. Look, we lost a couple of dollars. Yeah. Guess what? We be back. Yeah. Them, them, them couple of dollars. Huh?


We gonna make that back up. Ain't Ain't no Ocho. I can't show up with this right here. That's all I got. I can't show up with that right there. What is that side holster? That pew, pew, pew, pew. That's all I, Hey, That's all. That's all. That's all I got. That's all I got. But No, but guys, we appreciate that. I'm sorry that, you know, 'cause before we could show video, we could show videos of, and it would better give you an illustration of what Ocho and I are gonna be discussing and what we're talking about. But we just don't want to take, we just can't take the chance, guys. I'm, I'm sorry. And I know you guys understand, but we just can't, we just can't take the chance right now.


We're so close. We're so close from being off of probation, man. It's gonna be a beautiful thing. Yeah. Beautiful thing. Yeah. You know I got that plug. What y'all need? You know I keep that. I got that thing for y'all. Hey man, speaking of plugs, man. I don't, I, I don't, man, listen, I what hap what happened? I don't, I don't know how they do it. Where you from? But what happened to the boosters man? Especially during the holidays. The boosters ain't the same no more man. No. No. Because we used to be able to go to the barbershop and we got everything. What you get cologne, you get phones, you get tv?


Yeah. I don't Know. I don't know what the, I don't know what happened to the boosters. Man. God, Lee, I, if you in Miami, I mean, I'll be in Miami tomorrow. I, I land tomorrow. You know. Y'all holler at y'all holler at your boy. Yeah. Yeah. You know I, Hey, I be at grandma in the city in the forties now. You know, just, you know, y'all holler at your boy. Damn. Yeah, it, it ain't, it ain't like that no more Ojo. It ain't, it ain't you? Right. I don't know what they been doing, man. I mean, but now I got a homeboy. He always get it. I don't need a, Hey Sharp. I got a pressure washer. What the FI need a pressure washer for? Do I look like a motherfucker? Ain't got a pressure washer weed either. No construction company.


I need a weed eat. Fuck bro. You need to get me something. I need. No bro. No, I don't need no weed. I don't need no weed either. Yeah. No, but I thank you man. Dude, har Eli. Man, look here man. Don't you come back with no question, no more question like that. Talking about which is worse. You don't, you done went back to that again. Yeah, man, hey man, hey, I ain't got no wife. Right. I ain't got no wife so I ain't gotta worry about that. Right, right, right. But you know. Hey Mike.


Hey but you don't 25. You know what? You never know. Yeah. What's in store for 25? Yes sir. Because you know what they say, what a time to be alive. Yeah. In 25 osha. Yeah. You know, You know. But OSHA might have to unclog the pipe and see if it's still working. It, it is working. You never know. Listen, listen. No, don't forget February right around the, Is Rusty February Right around the corner now. Huh? It right around the corner. Nah, I ain't gonna take, I, no, this is his thing. If I get this thing right, it's January, February, March, April, may, June, July, August, September. Yeah. My old September baby. Okay. There it is. There it is. There it is. But I'm, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Might as well. I'm just gonna tell you I might not have one, but it won't be for lack a trying. I'm just gonna let you, nobody here won't be for lack of try because I'm going all out. Yeah. I mean, There's There. It's man, lemme stop man. Listen. Hey listen. It's all about man manifestation. Go ahead and manifest that thing now. Nah, nah, Nah. I don't wanna manifest that. Yeah. It's too late. You done said it now. You done said it. It. Now listen, the the one thing about it, what God told you man, your grandma told you back in the day, the tongue is powerful. Be careful with You. Yeah. The power in the tongue. Yeah, It is. I know it power the tongue. Yeah, It is. Yeah. Sometimes you ain't gotta talk.


Sometimes it'll talk for you. Yeah. You know, to talk about. Yeah. You ain't gotta tell me. Mm. I wish you right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Shoulda got started early. I want June baby. I would've canceled baby born on a daddy birthday. Yeah. Nah, you talking about I about to have some kids. Nah, ain about to have no kid. Alright.


What happened when, what happened? Something happened. It, it went away. You see that yours went away too? The reasons, the reasons that we're here. The reason that we Oh, okay. Everything, everything's still good. Okay. That was the chat before. Okay. We good? Okay. We good. I ain't press nothing. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't do nothing. I ain't touch nothing. No, I don't, I don't. No, no, no, no. I, I only, only mess with the, I only mess with the iPad.


I don't mess with that computer thing. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey. I'm thinking about, boy, we got Christmas coming up, man. I'm, man, my birthday right around the corner on the ninth. Boy. I'm, I you think I'm, you think I'm gonna still get my, my, my Christmas gift? From who? Shit. I was supposed to, I was supposed to be getting a cyber truck from, shoot, from from Santa. Shit. I'm trying to see if I'm, I'm wondering if I'm, I'm, I'm, man, You don't need know cyber truck man. Look here, take that money and invest it. It ain't Me. What you talking about? Someone was buying me a cyber truck. What you talking About? Well, tell her to take that. Tell her to take that money and invest it for you.


I, I mean, look, that's your money. That's her money. And she can do what you wanna do with it, but Right, Right. I just want, I'm just listening. I'm just, I'm throwing it out there. 'cause you know, I ain't, I ain't talked to whoever. You know, I just wanna know if you still keeping your promise, you know, even though things ain't what they, what they were supposed to be. You know? Are you still gonna get me what? You said you was gonna get me? I, I, I'm, I I need to Are you gonna get her what? You said you gonna get her? Who? Whatever you said that you was gonna get. Shit. I don't know. I just want my, I want my truck.


Don't tell me you gonna do something and don't do it. I don't care what happened. Shit. I want my truck. I'm gonna lie, you know. And on the 25th, if I ain't got my goddamn truck, man. Oh, Joe. Yeah. You like those things. I like anything different. You talking about me? Anything different? Listen, I changed my name, my last name to a number that didn't even spell in. They didn't even spell correctly. Yes. I like that. Ugly as truck. It fits me. It's ugly. Take off with it then I'm ugly. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap as we watch the college football.


First round conclude. We saw Notre Dame beat Indiana yesterday. We saw Texas beat Clemson. Today we saw Notre Dame win yesterday and we saw Ohio State win today Day advance. We'll talk about that. But thank you for guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp. That guy is Liberty City's own. He's a legend bingo ring of Fame artery. He's the pro bowler, the all pro for the Bengals. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast wherever you get your podcast from.


And we thank you for showing your support, your continued support, and your loyalty to Nightcap. Because without you, there are no us. Thank you. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it as in stock, in abundance, and the holidays are upon us. What better way to celebrate the holidays than with a bottle of shade by La Porter. If you cannot find it, any city or state near you, just order. We'll get it shipped to you. Probably not until after the new year. You missed a cutoff of December 18th to make sure that you get it by December 30th. One more favor, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84, with 84 being spelled out.


Our newest it release just dropped. Last month we had t-shirts and sweats and we also had stocking stuffers such as beanies like the one I'm wearing, coozies like this. And mugs quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone just started receiving their orders today and will remain. And the remaining orders should be delivered on Monday and Tuesday. Let us know what you think about the product, what you think about what you ordered. Do you like the quality? Do you like the way it looks? Hopefully you're pleased with both tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans.


Be there. I promise you don't wanna miss this. Got some nice guests lined up for you. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote. The link is pinned at the chat. In the chat and it's also pinned on our social pages and all of our social bios. Ohio State defeated Tennessee 42 4 42 17. The Chiefs Mahomes look just fine as they win 27 19 to move to 14 and one one went away from securing home field throughout the A LC playoffs. The Ravens defeated the Steelers.


Got a big day from Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry. By the score of 30 40 17, Russell threw a pick six and he fumble going in as the Ravens. Take those two turnovers and turn the Steelers away. Texas Number five, Texas defeated the Clemson Tigers 38 to 24. Penn State, the number Penn State Number six. Penn State Nitton Lions defeated the number 11 SMU Mustangs by the score of 38 to 10. Notre Dame defeated Indiana. That was yesterday's score 27 17. And Travis Hunters leaning toward ending the draft as a cornerback, working out as a cornerback.


But he's told teams he would like to play on both sides of the football and what the indications are that he'd be a full-time corner and they would have packages that would allow him to play on the side of the football. The Falcons are expected to Kirk Cousins before the $10 million roster bonus. But woo, a hundred million guaranteed. He made 62 this year. He's entitled to another 38 million in 2025. That concludes Nightcap I unc, he's ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night after Sunday night Football. Again, thank you guys for joining us and happy early holidays, The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.