(0s):
Today sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan. Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Camera Sinners now playing only in theaters rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.

(32s):
Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community Development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC.

(1m 2s):
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.

(1m 34s):
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(2m 7s):
The Volume,

(2m 11s):
The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money mode. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(4m 8s):
Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and suites details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.

(5m 27s):
Aren Rogers didn't mince words when he discussed the end of two of an interesting two years in New York describing a tenuous meeting with Jet's head coach Aren Glenn prior to free agency. I figured that I flew across country on my own dime. There was gonna be a conversation. Rogers alleged that 20 seconds into the sit down with Glenn and new general manager Darren Mogie. Glenn questioned whether Rogers still desired to play. Then he informed that Jet would going in a different direction. Glen also implied he worried about Rogers potentially undermining the leadership of the team and meetings. And Roger says, I didn't want any part of that.

(6m 7s):
It was already a debacle. Mm, hold on. He said on Pat McAfee show, sir, because I wanted to make sure I get this right, sir, because sir, y'all say I got, he said Aren Glenn asked if he wanted to play football. He said, I'm interested. He didn't say Yes, I'm wearing to go. I'm fired up. He said, interested in playing. That's all Ag and the manager wanted to hear. He also said there's still a possibility of retirement. Nobody is putting up with Aren Rogers bull job. Especially the Jets ocho.

(6m 48s):
If somebody ask you if Chad, you going for the job, it's like, Hey, would you like to get this job? I'm interested in it. Yeah. A person that wants a job, oh, I would love to have this job. I'm so excited. Thank you for considering me for the position. I'm so happy. I'm delighted. Somebody ask you, are you gonna play football? You or play you interested? Oh, they gone. Yeah. Hey, listen, I I think Aren Rods, You know, at, at this point, I Think you can see, and you, you would think at this point he would see that the leverage that he's used to having for so many years, it's gone based on what he's done in all his past accomplishments.

(7m 30s):
It's not, it's not working. It's not there. It's not, it's not where it used to be and it's not where it's going to be. Especially with Aren Glenn, who's a former player who understands what it takes as a, as a head coach now on what he needs in that locker room. And having the person who's going to be the leader of men offensively. You can't be coming in with that kind, that kind of attitude. And so if you answer like that, and it lets him know clearly right Away, thank You. And You know what? He's still, he's he, thank, thank you, Thank you. Not ready. He's not ready. And he not put, he not putting up with that foolishness. What one player, And I have a question before you even go and you think when he, if, if they ask Justin Fields that exact same question, are you answered in a plan how you think Justin Fields gonna respond?

(8m 17s):
Yes. You know, fuck it. Oh my bad, my bad. Hell yeah. Or I'm gonna down everything I'm willing to do to make sure I do what I can to make sure That you understand that I'm ready to play and I'm excited to be here. You see, the problem is, he said something very interesting. Y'all called me out. I told you Ocho, I said O and Aren Rogers believe his resume is good enough that he doesn't have to audition anymore. That he should just get a job based on his resume. And people, well, my grandpa used to always say, boy, if you are not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person. Now look at, look at Brent Farm's situation and how it played out in Green Bay.

(9m 1s):
Just boom. Look at Aren Rogers. Tell me there ain't carbon copy. One guy won three MVPs, right? One guy won four MVPs. Brent went to a Super Bowl, won that, went back the next year, we beat him. Aren Rogers was one and done. He's never been back. I don't get what, what he doesn't get. Now he now lemme tell you what would've happened. And everybody say, you call me our way over here. Had they told him, you see Aren? That's, that's the problem. You see what you fell to realize? They did that before. What did he get him? They flew their ass across country to come see you. Mm.

(9m 41s):
Now this is what would've happened had they called him and tell Aren Rogers they're going in a different direction. The first thing he's gonna say, they didn't have a common courtesy to come tell me to my face. Mm. You see the one thing, if y'all guys have noticed Aren Rogers is always the victim in his story. You see how quick he flipped that and put it on the Jets. You see how quick he flipped that and put it on Aren Rogers. No accountability in this. The way he conducted himself, the way he played is all the jets, the jets were at fault. I did nothing wrong.

(10m 21s):
I'm always a little leery of someone that's a always a victim in their story. Ain't nobody else the victim. Ain't nobody ain't, ain't nobody else has ever been done wrong in your story. Only you, But can I, can I say something? One thing about it in chat, I mean y'all might not believe me, but one thing about a person that's as decorated as him that has accomplished what he's accomplished and having that past resume, he's still gonna get the opportunity because of it. Because of it. Yes. You're still going to get an opportunity because, But still are still holding our hope. Yeah. Yeah. Because you understand what you get in hopes. Even if it doesn't look like the Aren rods of Green Bay, we hope we get flashes of what we know you can do.

(11m 6s):
And we know if flashes of Aren Rods is better than absolutely nothing because we know. You know what? I don't wanna talk about nobody bad. Let me, Let me, let me, let me finish it. Lemme tell you what he said. Aren also spoke about the hesitation to make a decision on this NFL future. I'm in a different phase of my life. I'm 41 years of age. I'm in a serious relationship. To make a commitment to a team is a big thing. Whether you are a first year player or a 20 year vet, how, how is it a big thing? You and the Chad, do y'all hear this man? He say it's a big thing to make a commitment to be on an NFL roster. Either you do or you don't look at it.

(11m 46s):
I tell you what, look at Aren. Don Aren. Don said, I don't wanna train like that no more. He said, I've done this, I've done this. The better part, I did all 10 of my NFL year career all 10 years of my NFL career. And I did it for three, four years of college. I have no desire to train my body, to train my mind. I'm walking away. To make a commitment to a team is a big thing. Whether you're a first year player or a 20 year vet, I have a lot of great conversations with a lot of teams. Not one of those was the Jets because that wasn't a great conversation because You know why everybody else that you been around with them. Yeah. Jets said we moved on and they told you to your face. See it. See, You know, breaking up over the phone or through an email or text message is one thing.

(12m 31s):
But would somebody have the courage to look you in your face and tell you say, nah, I'm moving on. Yeah. Whew. You could Hold On. That hurt. You know, Joe? Yeah. You know who made that call? Huh? You know that, You know that call was, that ain't from upstairs. That's the Aren glenco. That's a Yeah, that's, but that opened to anything Aren and attached to nothing. Oh, check this out. He says, I'm open to anything attached to nothing. So yeah, retirement could still be a possibility, but right now my focus is on my personal life. I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. Now see, when I told y'all all of this, y'all called me everything. You said I had a personal action to grind. I've been telling you, go back and look it up.

(13m 12s):
Go back to CCBs 20 years ago. Yeah, I know. Hey, but do, do you understand the leverage you have to have to be to, to even use the words in the sentence that he does on if he wants to come back and play you, you understand the goals of, You know, understand the balls. You got to have to be able to say some of the things you're saying when teams are waiting on you. You, you got you holding teams. Well, not teams, a team host. No, he ain't hold him hostage. They're allowing, you see, Ocho he, they're allowing him now, You know what, seven, eight years ago, I would allow him to hold me hostage.

(13m 57s):
Yeah. Not now. Not at 41. Man, You know, You know what? Even at 41, look at, look. Look what else is out there again, owners and GMs are basing everything on what he did in the past. Especially at that position. You about just let it Off. What's the pick from? What's that a pick from? Think about that. Let's start there. Let's say, okay, You know what, forget it. We gonna move on from him. Who's the Steeler starting quarterback this year? Rudolph. Right? And Mason Rudolph back.

(14m 39s):
Nah, Kenny Pickett. Kenny Pickett is back, right? I is it Mason Rudolph or Kenny Pickett? I think it's, it is Mason Rudolph. But again, now you see, and this is no dis disrespect to Mason Rudolph. He's been already, they seen we, we can do. But is Mason Rudolph the answer? They feel? Well, we know what Aren Roger could do. We know what he looks like. He might not be the same Aren Rogers of old, but I know he's better than what we have. Yeah, they They Do that. They said that about Zack Wilson and Zack Wilson won more game than Aren Rods. But they ain't none of my business. I don't even know why I brought that up. Oh. Oh. But when I said Zach wasn't the issue. Okay, but I'm gonna let that go.

(15m 22s):
I don't fault Aren. You shouldn't fault anybody. If you stay, if you allow someone to treat you like that and say they treat me so bad, but you have a left. Yeah, Everybody I told y'all. See, the thing is that people see y'all listen to what he say. I listen to what he don't say. See, that's how, that's how psychology, that's how they analyze a lot of people. I don't worry about what you say. I worry about what you should have said and what you didn't say. That tells me a lot more about you. I told you, I told y'all. Hmm.

(16m 4s):
This man, they ask him did he want to play football. He said he was interested. Hold on. He, Hey young, this is not, we ain't talking about no flag football. We ain't talking about a a u We talk about NFL teams that are investing millions of dollars in you. You know, what do you want to play? I'm interested. I don't know. I'm gonna think about it, but I'm interested though. You know, no other player, no other position outside of a quarterback. A decorated quarterback would be able to pull this off. No.

(16m 45s):
No. Nobody, nah, he didn't have a great conversation. So what it is like, ah, you mean to tell me we can't talk you into it. For him to have this kind of, this late bro, bro, we in April and you still haven't decided in your personal life. Okay, bro, go live your life. You've, you've earned that right? To live your personal life. You're in a serious relationship. Congratulations. I'm happy for you that you found someone that you want to be with. They understand you, you understand them. And it's a beautiful thing. I am happy for you, but you wasted these people time.

(17m 25s):
You wasted these people time. And then you mad. He mad. You see how he put, he put the onus on the jets. I had a great convers, bro. What's the conversation? O ocho, I come in talking about game. Hey, you want this relationship? I'm interested. Okay. Thank you. You already told me. Yeah, you Already told, you already told me what, what it, what it is, what it's gonna be. What about, what are we talking about? I gotta talk you into being, staying in a relationship with me, Right? Nah, Nah. Hey, I, I don't you may, maybe the love for the game is not there like it used to be.

(18m 8s):
Let it go. If, if it was me, the position, if I'm, listen, I'm not Aren Rodgers and obviously my views in the way I think about the game of football are completely different. But if it was me, wait a minute. I get to go to the Steelers, a historic franchise. I won multiple championships, damn offensively. I get to work with DK Metcal and my young bull, George Pickens. Well, hell we in April. But I could have him right now with me wherever I want to be at. Getting that chemistry going, learning their timing, learning the rhythm.

(18m 53s):
That's just me. I'm throwing with them boys right now in April, just to get acclimated with 'em. I'm not even even playing. Does that strike you? Does that strike you as something that he would do? My personal life? Fuck I no personal life. What is everybody with that's in the NFL right now? What are they doing? Huh? Everybody doing what That wanna play football. They training. Come on, man. Everybody training everybody. Especially if you're serious about winning or being better. I this entire time, I haven't felt like I've owed anybody any decision at any point.

(19m 34s):
I'm not holding anybody hostage when the commitment is made. It has to be an all in type of commitment. I don't, I I don't think it's fair to the Steelers or anyone else. I'm dealing with a lot of off the field to, it's a lot off the field to make that commitment. The people that need to know. No, that's what I said. He ain't holding nobody. Hostage teams are allowed to be allowing him to do this. I'm moving accordingly. You do. You we're gonna do us. Hey. Like, hey listen. Oh, You know what? He's moving accordingly. And the team, he do so as well.

(20m 14s):
'cause I've, I've, I've applied that to life. I've applied that to life. You pay attention, you use your eyes. Because I can see better than I can hear. I can see what Aren Rogers is doing. So I'm not even worried about what you're telling me. You are telling me you're really not interested in playing. No. So I'm gonna move accordingly. Yes. And you should. And that was despite The option, despite the options at the quarterback position not being anything like you, despite your last two years, really not being much. But still we hanging on a women of prayer based on what you did in the

(20m 55s):
past. Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC

(21m 27s):
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.

(21m 59s):
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(22m 31s):
This is Courtside with Laura Corte, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment. So if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's Sports Courtside with lawyer Cortia and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.

(23m 47s):
According to WEEI in Boston, if Abdul Carter falls to the Patriots at number four, the Eagles could trade AJ Brown to the new Hink to New England to move up to take the star pass. Rusher What? Star Pass. Abdul Carter. Yes. Absolutely not If I'm, if I'm the Patriots, why would I, why would I trade? I mean, I, I mean, look, I want to give Drake may as many weapons as I possibly can, but you gotta be able to attack somebody. What you gonna do with Josh Allen to into it still in that division?

(24m 34s):
Oh yeah. I I guess they could, Ah, nah. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't like that one. I I I don't, I don't like that one. I don't like that one at all. And You know what? Every time, every time it, every time it smoke is fire. So it's coming from somewhere. For Sure. They didn't just make that up. Out the blue Ryan Kugler's latest film centers just hit theaters today. And it's already making Waves. A certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes.

(25m 15s):
Currently at 98% approval. Coogler Reunites with Michael B. Jordan. Michael B. Jordan plays Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack. This movie gave us horror histor, history, action, comedy, musical. I don't think I've ever seen a movie like this before. Ocho Ocho Yeah, I've watched the movie. I know you watched it also. Hmm. Started out a little slow. Yes. But once it got going, Yeah. Ryan did his thing on this one. Yeah, he did his thing on this one. And I'm not, I'm not the biggest horror movie, horror movie type of a guy, which, I mean, look, I've seen all the, the Halloweens and the Friday the 13th and The Nightmare on Elm Street.

(25m 56s):
I've seen those. But I, You know, I saw Carrie when it first came out. I saw the Oman. Remember? You remember Carrie? Yeah, I remember Carrie. Yeah. Yeah. But Ocho he did Michael B. Jordan did his thing. I've always been a big Delroy Lindo fan, sir. Yes, sir. I big. What's the, what's the big dude? What was cornbread? What's cornbread real name? Miller. His last name Miller. The big dude. I, I know what you talking about. I don't, I don't know. I don't know his, I don't know. I don't know his last name. Oh yeah. But hey, if you get a chance, check it out. Smoke and Stack come back home, You know. Oh, Omar, Omar, Omar, business, Miller Omar.

(26m 37s):
Yeah. They leave, they come back. But boy, what they come back to, they wasn't looking for that. Not at all. Listen. And I hate, I hate to be a spoiler and a lot of people they complain about on, on Twitter, they on X and, and Instagram. When people go watch movies and you saw it first. And I don't want to be one to spoil a movie for anybody, but I need you to go see it. I need you to go see it. So you have a better understanding on what Coler has done with this masterpiece. Yeah. Back there. They got 90, 90% on Rotten Tomatoes. And You know how hard it is to get a high percentage Yes.

(27m 17s):
Weight. So Meat on Rotten Tomatoes. Yep. That let You know he put his foot in this movie. Michael B. Jordan was phenomenal. Yes. Haley Steinfeld, like I said, I'm like, okay, where, where, where, where, where they go? Where they going with this? You know, smoking stack come back. I forget what's, what's the guy name. He goes to church and he got the broken. But anyway, so I, I'm, I'm, I'm, because I'm, You know, I'm all over the place. Okay. I'm like here and I'm like, here I'm you. You Gotta pay. You gotta pay attention to now you gotta pay attention. You got to pay attention Because it shows up with the guitar. It's a day after.

(27m 56s):
So Yeah, don't tell too much now. Don't tell too much. Don't tell too Much. So you, you, you gotta go back. You know, they get, Hey, hey, hey, smoke and Stack. They play good money. Hey, but smoke, smoke, smoke. The dude they tried to steal the money off the truck. They tried to steal out the truck and she called him. He let get down there. He shot one bow, shot him in that shot him in his tail. It did hit the other dude in the knee. But, hey Ryan, you did your thing. You know, and I've always been a fan of his Michael B. Jordan. I, I like, I, I like Michael B. Jordan Fruitvale Station, Oscar Grant Creed.

(28m 38s):
He played that man, Michael B. Jordan played that. Oh, he played, he played it, he played that role. You know, obviously you see him in Creed and you remember him in Black, black Black Panther. But Michael B. Jordan, it's, You know what it kinda reminds you of, of a young Spike Lee, Denzel, You know, a lot of Spike, You know Spike Lee, Every, everything they did together, the chemistry Yeah. Is perfect. Yes. Because You know what you're getting who know what he getting outta Michael Jordan, Michael Lee Jordan. And he always puts him in the best positions to highlight his strengths. Yes. And he cuts a fool every time. Hey, nobody told y'all have to move, take y'all ass to see the movie.

(29m 20s):
Cheap Asses. Ain't anybody told y'all have to move. Y'all don't know nothing. Y'all dunno. No character. Now all y'all know is Smoking Stack. That's why, that's why I try not to say much. Hey, they gonna talk about, man, you tell us the movie, man. Y'all don't know nothing. Y'all don't remember nothing. How the movie start out then exactly what happened. No, but like I said, man, it's been a while. Oh, till I was a big, I was a big, big movie fan. Yeah. When I say I was a guy, go to the movies Now. I bet y'all ain't nobody I've, I've seen six movies in one day. That's the record. That's the most movies I've done.

(29m 60s):
Now I was routine a C two. Right. But I saw six. I went to the movie at about 10 50 and I didn't get home till after midnight. Wait, when was this? 19 90, 19 96. So I, can I tell you, can I ask you, can I tell you, if I'm gonna ask you if you did this, did you pay for one movie? I paid for one movie And then and then wait, and then go on the next one? Yep. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I I I, I'm just making sure I I don't feel bad because I did that as well. I'll never forget. I'm not sure if we have any people in the chat. Remember if you remember the Omni the Omni Hotel, the movie theater used right there. The Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. By the Miami Herald Center. Hey, I, I, I am one who also did that paid, paid for one ticket and waited to go into another theater to see another Yeah.

(30m 46s):
Yeah. Cut. It wouldn't, well, nobody would've believed that. Come on bro. Y'all could think I snuck in here. Yeah, I did. Hey, do they still have dollar movies? I remember you. Y'all remember Chad? Y'all remember the Dollar movies? It's 2025. Huh? You know, it ain't no dollar movies. Okay, well, okay. What about, what about like, like, okay, like the old movies. So maybe like $3 then how much is a matinee? About $12 maybe Chad, how much is a matinee? Yeah. When you bull bulling. But I, I wanna go to the movie though because I hadn't been, I hadn't been to the movie since. Right. Maybe The Pandemic. I think I've been one time since The Pandemic, pandemic messed up everything. It did, it started, It started to give not just a movie on You gotta go to C Bistro.

(31m 29s):
Oh, I go to Center Bistro. Okay. Okay. Okay. We got Center Bistro. I thought I picked two. I picked, I I picked got the reclining chairs. They used to give you hot popcorn. They charge you ass for that. And a blanket and a pillow. Yeah. But hey, just because they give you a blanket and a pillow, people don't bring your ass in there with pajamas. Really? Don't do too much. Come on now. Hey man, that, that, that center bistro in, in Miami, I think. Is it Dolphin Mall? Yeah. By Dolphin Mall. Oh my God. The food, I, I've been there one time. Man. They bring you to popcorn like you just said. I think it might've been calamari. No, it was popcorn.

(32m 9s):
Maybe it was Popcorn and calamari. Yeah, they, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I had steak with the mashed Potatoes. They said matinee is like between five and $7. And what and what, what, where at Matinee. How much of matinee cost y'all? Nah, five and $7. It's 2025. They tripping. I, I, and I tell you what, I gotta cutoff time. I can't see no late movie. Nine o'clock, 10 o'clock, no midnight movie. 'cause You know, I didn't have the midnight showing. Like, a lot of times the Marvel movies, they'll start at midnight on Thursday. Yeah. Man, I ain't going up in no movie. At no damn midnight, man. I'm going to sleep. You'll be asleep. Yep. Nah, I, I, Hey, give me a good, Hey, Ocho is, it is the correct way to go about it.

(32m 54s):
Do you go to the movie and go to dinner or do you go to dinner and then go to the movie? No, you go, you go to the movie first you go, you go to the mo the movie's, your, the, the movie is your main course. Okay. Your main course in a sense. And then dinner is, okay, let's talk about the movie. So it gives you something to talk about at dinner on top of whatever topics you also want to discuss. Yeah. A lot of people, a lot of, You know, used to be the thing, you take a lady to dinner, I mean take her to the movies. But You know, now women don't like to go to the movie 'cause it's like it's all dark. You can't talk. Oh yeah, yeah. I'm like, okay. You right. You right, you right, You, You know what's funny?

(33m 35s):
Anything, I'm trying to think how, how how you say it. Coffee dates. They don't like movie dates. They don't like anything where conversation is to be had. They don't like No. If, yeah, if, if, listen, I can't use, I can't do dinner in a movie because if I get dinner and you go to the movie, you gonna be watching it by yourself. The only thing I'm watching is the back of my eyelids Sleep. Yeah sir. Yeah. I did tried it one time. You know, I'm like, You know, like, oh, let's go to the movie. Let's go to dinner and go to the movie. Okay.

(34m 19s):
What if it's a good movie though? Look, hey my, hey my body don't know if it's good or not. All my body know is tired. I done got that. Yeah, Man. It, it's, it's some, it is some stuff that, that is just exciting. Do you remember that feeling? I don't know if you saw it when Troy came out when 300 came out. Oh yeah. Braveheart. Yeah. When Glad when Glad when Gladiator came, man. Yeah. Rough Dog. Them movies was Oh dog at 300. Yeah. You remember the movie 300? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. This is Spaa. Hey, that's so I used that all. I'm not gonna bring that. We been, we been, I've been clean all show. I'm not gonna say that.

(34m 59s):
Yeah. A man Ocho man, I got out a man a them light go down. Yeah. Them chair laid back. Yeah. They trying to tell me something. Okay. Okay. Okay. I see where you're going with it. I see where you're going with it. Okay. You sleep? No, I watch it. And another thing o look here. Maybe it's just me. Yeah. Ocho long as they like when the lights are up. Yes sir. Oh. Oh. Johnny, I love what you've done.

(35m 39s):
Yeah. Me and hella we up in a, we went to Sag Har. Oh my God. It's beautiful up there. This stop. You Right. Talk as much as you want. Okay. Life come down Now. You know. Now You know how people gonna talk through the, through the movie now. Hey, I'm going to see, I'm going to see any Tyler Perry movie. I'm gonna see that of matinee. Yeah. Tell her Chop. Hey Chop. I wish I would All through the movie. Yes. All through the movie.

(36m 19s):
That's classic. That's, that's us though. That's us. It's gonna be, Man, y'all, you can't listen. Stop talking during the movie. Please. I don't know if somebody got, I mean, now look, each, I ain't got no problem 'cause I was, me and I went to me and I was in New York. Only time I went to the movie, me and camera guy, we were really cool. Freddy Zu. So we, You know, we back down the hotel, we eat the popcorn. Yeah. Dude, turn around. How much longer you gonna be eating that?

(37m 0s):
I looked him up. I said until it's gone. What the f When you chewing loud or something? Oh, Joe, first of all, so what am I supposed to do? Hey, I chew, I chew, I chew. Man, ain't nobody chewing no popcorn. Hey, that's funny. I mean, what I'm, I'm just trying to figure out how am I supposed popcorn is not a, is not something that's silent.

(37m 41s):
Right? Right. The same thing is chipped. How do you eat Chip? So what am I supposed to do? Just put the chip in my mouth and let it melt. Hold on. He shouldn't have been able to hear you eating popcorn if the movie's playing anyway. I don't know what he was talking about. Talking about how long, how how much longer, how much longer you going do I'm looking at my bug popcorn until it gone. When it gone I'll stop man. Please. But I, I been to the movie. I, I wanna go to the i'ma I'm gonna get out, I'm gonna get to a movie. What? I need to see what's out. I done saw, I done saw A-A-A-A-A sin. So I can't go see that. That listen, the funny thing Is, anything else I worth seeing guys, I sin is good enough to see twice.

(38m 24s):
Not for the prices they be talking about. Y'all talking about what you call them. I told you, You know what, You know what ain 13 Ryan. Hey Ryan came on and he say when we come to the Super Bowl next year come we are taking Nightcap on the road, going to the Super Bowl. He gonna join us. You know what Ocho I'm gonna, I'm gonna go get, I'm gonna go give, I think the movie like 27. Do I picked like 27, 20 $8. Yeah. I said, man, I remember back in the day, dollar $53, you and your girl went to the movies. No. And, but you could, you could take your girl to the movies. She get a big old thing. Y'all can share a bucket of popcorn. You can get a, you can get candy and sodas for like 10, $12.

(39m 4s):
Yeah. Hey, You know what sentence is the sentence is the perfect movie. I doubt it. Chad. Y'all could probably help me and let me know. It's a movie that you can see more than once. But the perfect place to see centers if they do it is at a drive-in. Yeah. The perfect moving For drive-in theater. It's, yeah, I like it. It's definitely, I I definitely, I it's definitely, it's definitely worth seeing. It's definitely worth seeing. I think Michael B. Jordan, Michael B. Jordan did an unbelievable job. So if y'all get an opportunity, man, go out there and check out centers. Man. He did a, he did a, a unbelievable job. No, y'all laughing but I think, I think I pick is like 27, 20 $8. It was, I mean that was like five years ago, Huh?

(39m 45s):
I think expensive. I I pick a little price As a matter of fact on Saturday night as you was like $32 on a Saturday. 'cause that was a like new movies Prime. Yeah. I still got a, lost a lot of passes. But the passes they had, oh you can't use them for new releases. But then what the hell y'all he give to me for, Hey is Ma Magic Johnson theater still there right off of Crenshaw Stalker or Is gone. Don't start me to line. Only time I'm out that Negative Woods when I'm heading the SoFi. Right. Hey, Chad is magic. Anybody in LA in the chat is Magic Johnson's theater still right there off of Crenshaw Stalker?

(40m 27s):
I think it's $26. How much is it on the weekend? Really? Well they been getting on me 'cause they charged me more than that on the weekend. I Think you, you, I Think you gotta pay senior citizen discount. I mean no, they ain't got that. They changes to re theater. I, But I do got I I You got a a ar A A RP card. What? 50 55? I ain't got one.

(41m 8s):
I ain't got one. I ain't got one. I take that discount. Hey, Sizzler ihop, let me go eat. Hey, yeah, Yeah. Let me go get, let me get to my pancakes IHOP real deal. 2, 2 2 and two. That's my, that's my go-to at IHOP Browns gm. Andrew Berry spoke about Alabama draft prospect. Jalen Miro. Let's take a listen of what he had to say. You know, Jalen, he's got rare physical talent. You know, he may, may be the only, when he gets in the NFL, he may be the only quarterback who's faster than, than Lamar. Don't tell Lamar I said that. Please.

(41m 48s):
He's got, he's got rare physical gifts. You know, he's, he's strong, he's fast, he's got a really strong arm. And any system that you build around him, you want to take advantage of the fact that he has things that no other players at the position at the position have. Wow. O Joe Is he should, he will, should he, will he? Can he be a day one quarterback and do you think he's faster than Lamar Jackson? No, don't, don't compare anybody to Lamar Jackson. He is disrespectful.

(42m 28s):
He's disrespectful just because he has the attributes and he runs straight, he runs straight in a fast line. You know that, that's, that's, I mean, honestly No, don't do that. Lamar Jackson is fast laterally. He's fast straight. He's fast going backwards. It's different. Lamar Jackson is different. And even putting him in the conversation, Jaman ro as great as he is, as great as he is. I've watched him in Alabama. Phenomenal dude. You know, I love, I love what he's doing. He gonna have the opportunity to change someone's franchise. Hopefully he gets the opportunity to do so because obviously the Browns have done, You know, not so much of a good job at, at picking quarterbacks for a very, very long time.

(43m 9s):
But it's mad disrespectful even in a joking manner to compare Jay Living Monroe to Lamar Jackson. Outside of that, He just compared to speed nothing else. Yeah. I mean, but don't even do that party either. Don't Even do that part because the game, the the game is more What didn't he run the 40? What did Miro run the 40 in oh three? Because Lamar really didn't run the 40. I don't think Lamar ran the 40 even at the pro day. No, I look a lot of people believe that Lamar, I believe in a 40. Michael Vick the fastest quarterback I ever see. I know Michael Vick went to the combine and ran 4, 3 3. Yeah. So until somebody run a four a quarterback run a 4 3 3 at the combine.

(43m 52s):
Michael Vick the fastest. Yeah, Vic was, Vic was different. Ma when that, when that boy Lamar ran a four three Lamar ran 4, 3 4. Now that, that pro day time and combine time is different. Oh yeah. Two different worlds. That boy. So if Michael Vick ran 4 3 3 at the combine, he run it four two at Pro day. It, it's, it's, it's so, it's so funny. Lamar Lamar ran low four threes and 4 3 4. Yeah. Jalen ran high. 4, 3 4 3 7. And then he says faster than Lamar Jackson. Like, what, what are we doing? Do you didn't do your homework. You'll Not do your homework. Come on man.

(44m 32s):
Yeah. Lamar, Lamar, la Lamar speed is, is, is, is is a very, is a very, he got rear speed. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, You know, you look at him, you look at Vic, they got, they got rear speed Kler. Now K Kler needs some little longer legs and he might run four two 'cause he going take, he going to in 20 yards, he gonna take 400 steps. Hey, he be moving though, boy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He be moving And because he don't have that long stride. So it don't take long for him to get to get going. Coach Prime made a very interesting admission on his. We got time today, podcast time was asked about habits and, and, and, and, and, and it took a turn for the response.

(45m 18s):
I've never in my life, pleasured myself, God is my witness in Jesus' name. I'm telling you the God's honest truth. My next statement is gonna sound arrogant. Never had to. I would time on that one. You ain't never had to. Nope. Well, well I'm, listen, I I I even that song, when I say I touch myself when nobody's around me. Yeah, I know anybody else when I think about you, I Can, I can. I, that Ain't Me. Can I tell you something? Yeah. Chad, and we, we family fellas, I don't know if y'all have done this before, but at UNC and I listen, I I I'm not ashamed, but sometimes in my younger days when I would know, I would be going to see somebody or I would know someone would be coming to me, I would have to do that and heard me get one out the way to, to ensure that I last longer.

(46m 21s):
Nah, I'm just telling you it, it was a tactic. It it was a, a strategy that I used and it worked to make sure to ensure that, You know, I wasn't, You know, two minutes or three minutes or where it might've been if I, if I went in there fresh. So I got one out the way. So when she came in, I was able to show out. Nah, the per nah. Oh no. Oh no. They won't Sparks make you show out This. I'm talking about, I'm talking about way back in 94 or 95. It ain't have no Oh, Okay. Yeah, yeah. No. O ocho you, you gonna get this? Hey, you gonna get this hot dog at the, you gonna get this hot dog in the microwave? Two minutes. It's exploding.

(47m 4s):
I'm sorry. You done hit it with a Bernie Mac. If you don't get, if you don't get mine when I get here, if you don't get yours when I get mine, you fresh outta, You know what with me. Hey, a hundred meter dash, Usain Bolt, Tyson, gay, Yohann Blake. Justin Gat Ain't, listen, you ain't got nothing to prove. Huh? It's a race to the finish.

(47m 30s):
Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC

(48m 0s):
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.

(48m 33s):
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(49m 4s):
This is Courtside with Laura Corte, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment. So if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports

(50m 20s):
OCHO J decide today must have been a very interesting day for confessions. Brandon Jacobs, the former giant running back, had the internet and confession. Y'all wanna know something about that brother that bothers me. I'm 42 years old and I regret losing my virginity to the person I lost it to. It means nothing. But I wish it was for another person other than her. Well that, that's cute. That's cute. It's enjoyable to, to sit back and, and think about the person you lost your virginity to. I can't even, honestly. Can you remember who you lost your virgin to after all this time?

(51m 1s):
1000%. 1000. I I I wish I, I can't remember honestly. I I wish I could. I wish, I mean, matter of fact, if someone happens to see this and you remember or recall that time when you took my virginity, you Weren't her first. No, I wasn't. You did not. Absolutely not. Nah. She was about, I mean, the lady took my Virginia was about, lemme see, I was, I was 27. I think she was 65. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I had one, You know, real season. She was seasoned. Boy. I did some things I never saw before.

(51m 43s):
You know, she had me in a swing. She had me in a swing. Right. You know, the, she got, she, she had me in a swing and, and it hung off the door and she, she tied me up in a swing and, and, and climbed up on the ladder and got on. I'm, I'm like, man, what in the world? And I thought this is what it would be like all the time. And it wasn't like that all the time. And she just, she, she, You know, my, for it to be my first experience, I was almost traumatized until I learned to navigate my way around and, and add what she did to me, to my repertoire. To where when people wanted to sleep with me during my tenure of fun. It was known as an experience, not just sex.

(52m 25s):
Yeah. Is that what Oh, that's what they thought, huh? Yeah. Yo. Oh, it was, it was experience. Boy, my day in my day. Call it whatever y'all want to, and now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Oh. Ad gave it his all. Just like I do when I go to work. But it wasn't enough. My question is, which basketball player in the nineties had 20 plus points, but in a losing effort and no, OCHO isn't cheating.

(53m 9s):
What player in the nineties had 20 plus points? Average 20. Did he say average 20 plus points in losing effort. There were a lot of guys. Average 20. I mean, considering Jordan won six, Jordan won six. The Rockets won. Two eight it one but another one to be book in. Right? So you got the Pistons and, and the Pistons one 90 and, and what you call them San Antonio one ninety nine. So it 14 that won the titles and the nineties. Detroit started off, San Antonio closed it.

(53m 49s):
And then you had Jordan 91, 9 2 9 3. You had the rockets. Nine four. Nine five Jordan 9 6 9 7 98 Spurs 99. Then you got Shaq. Hmm. So, oh well, Mike Brown. Hey, do you think Lakers regret not taking Mark Williams? How Well he finished the season. What's up OCHO 3 0 5 Legend Scott Project baby.

(54m 29s):
Oh, what's up? What after SCOs Man, that's live. Let's hope they don't regret taking Mark Williams. 'cause he did. He played well. He played unbelievable. And Luca loves live threats. That's why he worked so well with him and Gafford. It worked so well with him and, and live and Lively ii he loves a live a live threat because he's gonna get into the lane and when the big guy come to help, he can funnel it to him. Boom. Mike, I hope not. I hope not. And he's a very good defender. Sheldon Pope. Happy Easter at four 20. Hug. If Joe will pull out this second championship, will he join the John as the great Denver Sports icon?

(55m 11s):
Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. What's the hockey player name? Which one? Kin? No, no, no. With with the, with the ves. They won the title. What's his name? Ray Bork. I think. Bork. I think Bork won the title for the, for the ves. Then he win the, didn't they win the title? I think it wasn't then they won in 98. Nine six of Wasn't it wasn't 96 The Abs wasn't it Ray Bour?

(56m 8s):
Pat Wa Patrick Wa was the goal in Net. I I knew No. And he had the all Time Wins record. Who was the defenseman for the Avalanche? What Was Ray Bork on the team? Just Google. Ray Borkin. Okay, well, well he wasn't there then. Well, Sackett, they had another, they had a Red Hat. Scott Foxburg. Foxburg was there. Peter Foxburg. Peter. Yeah. Ash has a cat named Peter A damn Smith.

(56m 52s):
Wolves do match up. Well man, I don't know if I wanna lead lose read this because y'all gonna be talking about, ah, man, pause. This is what a damn wrote. Not me. They're long and big on the perimeter. Damn, man. Gotta be, you put a lot up into that one, huh? Al Bench is way better than the Lakers Key's gonna be. Nas Reed. I like the Lakers. I like the Lakers. I think our three, I think the three heads of, of Ar Luca and LeBron. I think that's gonna be more look and gonna get what he gonna get. Yep. But keep j Randall under control and don't let nad res beat you.

(57m 34s):
Hey, But I got the, I again, I'm I'm gonna tell him I'm a heat fan. Huh? But I'm with you on this one now. I told you Timberwolves Teen Wolf Werewolf Legs in five. Legacy five. Yes, that's what I'm saying. You know, but I'm saying, but I'm saying I, I remember Ray Bork being there. Yeah. I thought I, I know I wasn't losing my mind. I'm like, what? How I could have sw remember Ray Bork holding the trophy, the ball of shock call in 1999. The Mav should just leave the city of Dallas at this point because this bulley the fans deserve better.

(58m 16s):
We already suffer with the cowboy. Oh, that's messed up. The Ball of Shock call in 1999 said, Hey Ocho, Elle Madrid is going to, is gone and my Barker is still alive in the Champions League. Who do you have winning at all? I think PSG versus Bara. I, You know, which is Bar, You know, go ahead. Lonna. Yeah, man, I, I don't know man Arsenal for playing really well. I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I, I don't know. I mean, arson was the formerly in crazy form right now. Soccer's playing well, deck rights, playing well, Odo guards playing well. So if, if I'm going to have a team, You know, that, that I would go for.

(58m 56s):
There's nothing wrong with PNG ob. Obviously I'm a Barton fan. I'm not much of Arid fan. You know, I'm an Nap Napoli guy at heart, but I, I got Arsenal winning at all. Honestly, honestly, p and g is playing well as well. But Arsenal's playing lights out right now. So Who you got Arsenal winning at all? Yeah, man. Okay. They, they playing Good boy at the right, at the right time. J 2 1 3. Hey, uncle Ocho, please give my, give a shout out to my amazing wife, Valerie for bringing our daughter Gigi into the world yesterday. I'm seen a, I'm seen as a tough guy, but I never cried so much in my life.

(59m 37s):
Yeah. Valerie, congratulations Jay. Congratulations to you. Hopefully mom and baby are doing well. Gigi, welcome to Nightcap. Valerie. Thank you Jay. Thank you for being here, man. You've been one of the day one from the from the get go. So hopefully you bring Valerie Gigi up that she love UNC and OCHO as well. Appreciate that. Jay, congratulations. I don't know if this your first or second one, but congratulations on becoming on being a dad. Thank you guys, because

(1h 0m 11s):
that concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.

(1h 0m 22s):
I'm your favorite up. He's your favorite. 85 Liberty City Zone. Bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed whatever you get your podcast from. Remember, thanks to you, you guys make this possible because without you, there can be no us and we greatly, greatly appreciate your support and continue support. Make sure you go check our shade by La Portier. We have it in stock and we have a couple shipment coming in. So we got you. We got you covered. Now if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it.

(1h 1m 4s):
We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly. Stay safe out there. Guys, go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please make sure you grab, grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale. Our egg stops are Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC, Chicago, Detroit. We're gonna close it out in your neck of the woods in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour.

(1h 1m 44s):
That's shehe media.com/tour. Link is pinned in the chat. Our guest line up looking insane. Can't wait for you guys to see it come out. Support your favorite dunk in ocho. You won't be, you'll. You won't regret that you did this. Tickets. Go get 'em now. The Mavericks, the Grizzlies are moving on to face the thunder on Sunday. They do that thanks to a 1 21 0 6 victory over the Dallas Mavericks and the heat traveled to Cleveland, thanks to a courtesy of a 1 23 1 14 win over Atlanta. Miami won both of their games on the road.

(1h 2m 26s):
That concludes Nightcap. I'm Unc Heaths Ocho. We will see you. A motto. Thank you guys. Appreciate you. The Volume Some stands for. So others mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you.

(1h 3m 6s):
They are us. They are Washington DC.

(1h 3m 9s):
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.

(1h 3m 42s):
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.