
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC,


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom YaMmas is there For us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom YaMmas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yanis evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen Report, The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro Madden adjuster. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we have a very special guest tonight. He's a five time pro bowler out of the out of Arkansas Pine Bluff from Belleville, Illinois. And he still holds the record for the fastest offensive lineman for a 40 yard dash time in the combine. History at 4 7 1. Here he is, Terron Armstead, Terron. How you doing man? I'm good. I'm good. How you doing? I'm doing amazing, bro. Thank We aint, we ain't finna just skip over that, huh?


Yeah, slow down. Let's get through the, we slow down. We'll get to this. We gotta get the make sure Hit button please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support and your continued support because without you, none of this is possible. So Ocho and I and everybody at Nightcap greatly, greatly appreciate your support and hopefully your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shade by La Porter. We do have it in stock. And now if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, best believe over the next five, six months, we are coming to a city or a state near you. But in the meantime, if you can't find it, order it.


We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go check out my media company page on all of its flat platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pen in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Yes, OCHO in the 2013 combine Teron recorded the fastest 40 for an offensive lineman in combine history. A record that still stands to this day. That's sir, it was close. Lane Johnson ran 4 7 2, but Tyron's record of 4 7 1 is close. And if I'm not mistaken, they're the only two offensive lineman that's running the four sevens.


There've been a couple of run low four eights, but no other lineman other than Teron at 4 7 1 Lane Johnson at 4 7 2 have been in the f offensive linemen, have been in the four seven. So as of yet, so now we are 13 years in counting 2013 to 2015. And Teron still helds that record. Teron look, you're coming outta Arkansas, pine Pine Bluff. And it's not like it used to be. There used to be a a plethora of guys coming outta HBCUs and so that would've been nothing. But here it is. Now we're in the 2000, 2000 tens and we get an offensive line. You three times Swac all conference player and you go to the combine.


What were your expectations? Did You know you had this kind of ability in you? Yeah, for sure, for sure. I, I, I knew I had the, the talent and the, the speed and agility to showcase. I just had to get to the showcase. So it was really huge for me to get that combine invite. That was, that was monumental for me, trying to get more exposure, get more eyes to my, to my tape. So I knew that I was gonna go, I was going for the record for sure, like before I, even, before we got to Indy, I was going for the record. Okay. I wanted to run faster, honestly than that. But I, I'll take the 4 7 6 4 3 0 5. That's moving now. Listen, that's what I was getting ready to ask you. I'm getting to ask you how tall you were and how much you weighed to be able to run that fast.


Listen, I, I, You know, oh, I ain't run number four five, so technically boy, you, you right there with me. I'm right there on your neck. No, I was 6 6 5 3 0 6, I believe. 3 0 4 at the combine. Wow. So you knew. You knew. So what was, if I'm not the, I don't know what the record was, what was the record? What was the fastest 40 time for an offensive lineman before you broke it? It was 4 8 4 4 8 4. Wow. You didn't break it, you obliterated with it. I needed it. I needed it. I needed all that. I needed that, that my moment. I was on nfl network.com, nfl.com for like two hours. I needed all of it. So, so the scouts can go watch my film.


Okay, so now you go run that 40 yard dash type, you run 4, 7 1 and that's really the all Yeah. They want you to jump high. Yeah. They want you to do two, but speed is what captivates their attention. Now you an offensive lineman, you never gonna be able to unwind that 4 7 1 again, but you just want to put that on table. Let 'em see. Look, you got a phenomenal athlete. Yes. I went to Arkansas Pine Bluff. Yeah, I know you're gonna downgrade me, talking about who did I block and who did I play against, but I'm gonna co come and showcase my skills and let you see. And then the chips fall where they may. That's right. So when you ran that time, did You know like, okay, I got there under divided attention. Attention, I'm about to get drafted. Oh yeah, no, for sure. I, we, we have special talents down in, in these HBCUs all across the country.


We do. So I just needed the opportunity to, to showcase my skill. I knew, I knew what time it was. I was going for the vertical record too. I missed that by half a inch. So like I knew that I was gonna be able to make that splash. And I, like I say, again, I needed it. I really needed that chance to, to get all the scouts just to watch my film. I wasn't asking for no favorites, but just check out the film and, and see the dominance. Yeah. Now also when I look at the offensive line position as fast as you were, You know, as far as running the 40, did you have an advantage as far as your footwork goes when it came to playing offensive line as well? 'cause mo most of the time, obviously, You know, playing offensive line is all about your hand placement and your footwork. Yeah. You know, we always being, being balanced.


Sure. Did, did did that give you the advantage? Yeah, no, my, my athleticism and my agility, that was, those were my strengths when I played throughout my 12 year career. 'cause I, I 6 5, 3 0 4, not the biggest tackle, not not necessarily the strongest either, but I I'm on your ass soon as the ball snapped, You know what I mean? A lot of, a lot of jump sets. I had to use that in my game. So find ways to play to my strength and I was using my speed. Well you always an offensive lineman because I mean that kind of fast twitch, you might have been a, you might have been a tight in at some point in time in your career. Were you always an offensive lineman? Well, back in my hometown, kaki, Illinois, we, we we're known for speed. That's what we do. We run, so I was a defensive lineman in offensive lineman, but I had to go play 7 0 7 with the guys corner safety receiver.


Damn. Really? Yeah. Really was like that really was like that. I can't do that shit no more. But It Was like that. I can't move like that no more. Joe. What Look you mentioned, you say, so you what, 34 34 right now? Or 35, 33, 33 Tron. You walk away from the game. You're only 33 lineman normally played in at 36, 37, 38. We saw Jackie Slater play 20 years. Yeah. And he retired at, at 40 plus. And we see lineman, especially, I don't know your injury history, that's why that's where I'm going with this. Right. Why walk away from the game and all that shelter out there. You see that money Facts. Oh, it is, it's a lot, it's a lot of freshly printed money out there for sure.


Yeah, it Is. Yes indeed. I got, man, God bless me with so many great moments and, and, and great years and a, a great career. My injury history is extensive. It is. Yes, it is. It is long. And I've been through it and that's really the part for me is my body. You know, I, I love this game. I mentally cerebrally, I can play the game for forever, You know, but it's just physically and I'm, and I'm, I'm okay with, with saying that, that, that my body is, is slowing down its movements and abilities that I just can't perform at the, at the same level. And I take so much pride in my film. Yeah. That man, It has to look a certain way. Like every time I step on the field, it has to look Pro Bowl all pro.


Like that's the, that's the brand I wanted to leave. So I, that's the standard. I never want to look like I'm out there getting my, getting whooped on that ain't, that can't happen. Right. You Know what, it takes a lot, it takes a lot of, of awareness, self-awareness at that for a player of your caliber or any player that's played in the NFL that's played at a high level to understand when it's time to call a quiz, most of the time we will ride, we'll ride the, ride the car to the wheels fall off, You know? Sure. But no regard for, You know what, I don't look the same. At what moment did you realize that? You know what? I really don't have it to be, to play at a all pro or, or a Pro Bowl level anymore. What, what moment did it hit you? Yeah, I, I've been dealing with a, a knee since my third year in the league, but it is, it's been with me from, for my entire career.


So, man, just I'll speak on this year alone, I didn't see a practice field like at all. And not because I didn't want to, or the dolphins just wanted me to rest. It's like I literally couldn't walk, You know, I couldn't, after a game on Sunday, I wouldn't be able to walk on my own, You know, under my own power until Wednesday, Thursday. So I was only able to play under, under, under the pain meds. I couldn't put any pressure on my knee. So it was like, I can't keep doing that to myself, man. We, we, it comes that time. Yeah. 33 and you now you get to be 40 and all of a sudden you're like, man, what my liver shutting down my kidney and all the other things from taking those pain medicine, because I know, I've seen, I've seen Lyman have to take Vicodin just to practice.


Right. I get, I get the game, I get the game. I really do because, You know, hey, that's once a week, but the practice, oh, hell yeah. Yeah. No, it's crazy. And that's, that was the norm for sure. I didn't, I didn't wanna fall in that cycle. Right. But the thing is, as OCHO was saying, it takes a space because to the ca to the lay person, they don't, they don't, they don't, they don't really see what, You know, and the, the, the thing is, is that when you, it's kinda hard to let go and not practice. Because as an offensive lineman sets are everything, whether you gonna jump, whether you, hey, hey, lazy feet don't eat.


That's Right. And and the thing is, you got to practice that during the course of a week. It's hard. Yeah. For an offensive lineman to just go out there on a Sunday jump set quick, said, Hey, stab whatever the case may be, and just to go and you going against the best of the best. Yeah. You, you said it, you said it. It's, it's the reps. It's is especially for offensive line play, we Yes. Everything. So based on, so based on technique and time and, and, and all the hand placement and not, not to mention the cohesiveness of everyone because You know, we, we're the only unit that never comes off the field outside of the quarterback. That's one person. But we're the only unit that never comes off the field. So that chemistry and time, and it just is really tough not getting those practice reps and then preparing mentally for X Crosby and Miles Gary.


And that ain't cool. Like, that's not okay. You got, I can't keep doing That deal with TJ Watt. Listen, how can, I'm not about to keep doing that man with no practice. Like, come on man. It, because like I said, you talking about your offensive teron, you talking about the T excuse me? You talking about your offensive lineman and like okay, they give somebody else in there to practice it, but you and that left guard, y'all need to be cohesive. Yeah. You need to like be on the same level and pass it off. Because if you are on different levels, guy go hit that crack. Right. And now everybody like, man, that y'all had just, but see you might be a little slow. He might have been a little fast. Yeah. And all of a sudden you give up a sack when y'all should have had that situation covered.


I know. I look and everybody doesn't do it the same. 'cause I remember practicing with Gary Zimmerman, who's a, who's a two decade, all decade player in the eighties and the nineties. He went to the Hall of Fame, but he didn't like me. He didn't like me to chip block. Mm. He Didn't like Chip. He he was in for too, like don't touch him. Yeah. He said, because if, if I, if I jumped said him and you hit him, you gonna knock him inside. And now I can't get him and everybody gonna think I got beat, so don't touch it. Facts. Yeah, no, that's a real thing. Especially, especially if you, you have a big physical tight end like, like yourself. So like, you hitting him too hard, he getting momentum, he getting like a jolt into the, to the inside mode. You know what, I got him.


Just get out the way, get open, go get open. Jonathan. JO now I played with JO Jonathan Ogden, who's the first ball hall of famer. He like, Hey, knock him do knock him out if you can. For me, it depend on who it is, man. Who, who over there E Exactly. But you, like you said, starting offensive lineman, they want some, I mean, hey, stick and stay or some guys like, don't touch him. Right. But like you said, that practice, like for an offensive lineman and seeing, like, like I said, I've worked with Gaza for like four years, worked with jail for two years and to see what they go through, because they're working on this sense, they, hey, they kicking, Oh stop. Am I gonna stab him? Am I gonna quick set him? Am I gonna jump set him?


What, what am I gonna do? And now in the, in the game, man, I want jump set, but that knee bother you. Nah, I can't, I can't, I can't TI can't do what I want do. Hey, you feel me? The mind say, do that, that body say brother, if you do that, you gonna hurt The body. Say you can't do that. No, you can't do it no more. Hey, T when it, when it came to playing the left tackle position, I, I think about my approach to playing receiver when it came to DBS and studying each DB every week and understanding what type of DB I'm going against. You got some that are quick, some that are fast, some that are physical, some that, some that, You know, play off or whatever it may be. What was your approach when it came to playing defensive ends each week? Was, was your, was your approach different as far as from, from a technical standpoint?


Did you change up things you did depending on who you were playing that week? Well, I've always said this OCHO that I, it's a lot of parallels to me. A lot of similarities between oline tackling, tackling DN and receiver in corner. Yes, sir. Like that, that one-on-one matchup. It's a lot of dynamics there that, that's parallel to me the technique that goes into it. Tendencies, like you said, is he pressing? Yeah. Or if I, if I jab inside, what are he doing with his hands? Same thing as I'm reading the defensive end, I'm looking at their alignment first. How wide is he getting? And then it get off, You know, how well is he timing the snap, then I wanna see his home runs. What's, what's his go-to move that he's consistently winning on what's he's winning on the most?


I break that down. That's the one I wanna take away. I wanna take that one away. And then, all right, what's his second highest percentage? Move the counter. I'm taking those top two away. Right. Throughout my career. That was the, the, the goal, my objective of game planning, I wanna take them top two winners away. Now if you beat me with a third, you, you, you a bad man. But yeah, you gonna, you gonna have to get that. But for me, I was taking those top two, top two moves away. Yeah. And one, one of the things that I've always liked to ask players that, that once they're done playing, who gave them the most fits for me? You know, everybody asks me all the time, listen, you played a very long time. You've gone against some, I've always, You know, had to deal with the number one DB and everyone asks, You know, who gave you fits. And obviously the one person I say every time Res locked him up, got 2009, he had hell, he locked everybody up really Super strong.


He didn't ask you about nobody else but you. You see how you did that? He talked used, listen, we, we snitching Conversation. Hey, but when, who gave you fits or you just wanna give them they flowers? Yeah, yeah. No Man, I had some battles. I had some of these guys I seen too many times. Like I didn't, I didn't want to have these rivalries going on, but You know, that's how the schedule would go. I played miles a ton. Miles was always one of those. See one of those you gotta, you make sure you eat breakfast. Like he's, he, he's one of those for sure. But the guy that gave me the most fits and I, I probably seen him the most and he is still underrated in my eyes. Robert Quinn, Robert Quin.


Oh, that first double Quinn, He been in that edge. He, listen, Robert Quinn, he got, he probably got the most sacks on me. Like outta everybody. He's, he's the person that say I, I got two on Tte. Like he, he probably that one person that can say that that right. Okay. That dude getting he, yeah, he, I don't even wanna see him post career. I, I don't wanna see him no more. I'm cool. We can't be friends. Nothing. I don't wanna run into Robert between That's dope because It's, it's, it's real, it's really like a dance. Because like you said, they getting that wi they getting that wide, they getting into that wide nine and now, hey they, you like, okay, I know he gonna come wide, but what if he dropped and bull me?


Okay. Yeah. Now he going hit me and then he spin inside. So I got, I got all that going through. I gotta look at him. Okay. What is he doing now? I'm kicking, I can only kick so far. 'cause the damn quarterback right there. Hell yeah. I keep kicking, I'm gonna be in this damn lap. Yeah. So I can only get probably like two kick d and then I gotta set. Yeah. And I gotta take, I, hey, I gotta be, I don't want him to get it. I don't want him to bend the edge on me because these, these, like you said, miles can bend, miles can Bend In. But I also, I also don't want him to wax on, wax off me across my face. Nah, all that. All we, we trying to process all that man. And they lining up in this Y nine and these athletes are only getting, they're only getting bigger, faster, stronger. Yeah. So it's, man, it's, it's, it's tough to deal with.


Like, Micah playing Micah Parsons for the first time. It was Christmas day, we in Miami, beautiful day. We smacked the Cowboys. That, that ain't part of the story. But seeing, seeing Michael Parsons for the first time in real life, it was different bro. Like you are, you are way too big to be moving this fast. It can bend that well. Like yeah. It just, the, the athlete, the evolution of the athlete is just, is becoming something, something different man. Cool. I'm cool y'all Kenny Kn It's special watching, You know, playing against Derrick Thomas. But the guy that I had the most respect for, I only played against him for two years. 'cause I was only in Baltimore two years. I've never seen a guy his size that quick.


Jabon. Mm. The freak man. Freak the Freak. Hey, I out my plate the first time I played him. Yeah. Man, hey, I turned around and said, hey y'all fell to throw it. He was gone Look out block. He took a step down this 'cause I, I had to step so I stepped with him, man, when by the time I put my foot down, he was on my shoulder. Mm. That's a bad feeling. When he Get to your, he get to your shoulder and you ain't extending, you might as well kiss the baby. That's a bad feeling. That's a bad feeling. Hey, Hey Unc, you saw the picture? I, I was, I just saw Jevon cursing airport leaving Philly Day before yesterday.


Oh did you? Yeah, man. Who He, before he got down before he hurt the ankles. Ocho dude was, I'm talking about you talking about somebody like, he like 6 4, 2 50. I'm talking about all, I'm talking about five X gloves. I mean, his hands were like a catcher, man. Yeah. Did, did, did Curtis get in the, did he get into the hall? Nah, nah, nah. He, he was, I mean Tennessee, he was at Tennessee. His best year was at Tennessee. Yeah. Yeah. He, those two are Philly and then he had, he messed up his ankle. Okay. And it messed up his years. But yeah. Hey, back in the day, You know, dealing with dt, Bruce Smith was fast too, but Bruce could be in for a guy his size, You know, normally guy two 70 Mm They can't be in like that.


Bruce be parallel to the ground. That movie you see Jerry, that you see Von Miller do where he dip under Oh yeah. And come down on one hand and get back up. Yep. Bruce could do that at two 70. That's, yeah. So, hey, that's why you guys make the big bucks. That's why man, not enough. Not paid on the offensive line. You guys got the toughest assignment because you're dealing with, like I said, basically it is like Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire. He's coming forward. But you gotta mirror what he does moving backwards. Yeah. And the thing is, you got a target that's sitting right there, whether it's, and and basically everybody in the shotgun now.


So you can only set so far. Yes. Before he sit your ass in the quarterback's lap or he reach over the top and you agree. Listen yo, we need some more money man. Ola, we need some more. We need some more of that money.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from, I do part two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health weight Loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistant assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees, extra fee default terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 24th. Score hot summer savings. Earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Keebler cookies, Popsicle frozen treats, smart water, silk almond milk, Folgers coffee and carry gold butter. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


We Need it. Alright, check this out. Saquon Barkley's coming off his best year of his career, which ending in him becoming a Super Bowl champion with the Eagles and now he's gracing the cover of Madden 26. Saquon was asked if he retire at the top of his game or going to the wheels came off. I'll probably be one of those guys that will be out of nowhere. I'll probably just wake up one day, whether it's the next year or two or four, just be like, yeah, it's over. I don't think I'll ever lose that passion. The competitive nature is always going to be there. I like, probably my favorite player of all time is Barry Sanders. So probably similar to that, maybe one day like outta nowhere I'll probably just be balling and just like, yeah, it's aqui d damn we just talked about that.


'cause your, your situation you was just like out of nowhere. Like Yeah, yeah. Here. Not, not as sudden. Really The ones in the, in the inner circle, they, they knew the situation and I was trying to push through. I was looking for options to continue, but it's just, it's over for sure. Like I knew it not as sudden as like Barry Sanders or or Calvin Johnson. Saquon is incredible Hall of Fame talent for sure. It'd be a, he, he can't walk away all, all of a sudden. He, we we need, we need to see some more of that. Man. That's a special talent. Well the difference is between them situation and Calvin and Barry, they got tired of losing. All right. For sure. The situation where he is, I mean you just went to the Super Bowl right now, you start to lose.


But Barry, Barry got to the NFC championship game in 91 and never got that close again. Right. So Barry got tired of losing Barry wasn't injured. Yeah. I mean you talking about the guy had average 1500 yards for 10 seasons. No, for sure. The goat Calvin's the same thing. Calvin's like, bro, you man, we ain't getting no closer. Yeah. And I'm going out here and I'm doing all this to my body. Right. What am I really doing this for when I don't really have a realistic chance Yeah. Of getting to and winning a Super Bowl. So I think that's the difference. Sequan is in a different situation now. If he was at the Giants, yeah. He probably just go like one day I'm outta here. But in the situation where he is that offensive line without of offense with that defense.


Nah, I I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't think he just walks away and money different too. Yeah. I mean the the money money different. Obviously different. And obviously he just got paid to gave him a nice, nice, nice Nice 20 mil a year. Ocho Nice pay raise. Yes sir. Quan for a running back for that position. Obviously with a position not as being as valued as it is now, but being somewhere now where they appreciate you for what you're doing and they showed you love. I don't see Quan retiring until he has that, that coming to coming to grass moment, You know. Right. I can't do it like I used to. That's a fact. I don't have that experience. I'd say it the same way. Oh. I I think that'd be the only time he actually called it quits when he realize is, You know what, ah, I can't get, I can't bend that corner like it used to.


I can't hit, I can't hit that A or that that BAC gap. Yeah like that, that that that'd b it and that, that ain't qua. Huh? Probably 26, 27. Oh boy. He 28 Just turned 28. But here the thing though Ocho Yeah. Lane Johnson's still there. Otta still there? Yeah, Ferguson still there. Oh, nice tan. Nice. Still there. So it's not like you see some of these off, some of these guys, the offensive line get old and they starting to move with the mile. That's the best offensive line in football. They're not going, it's not like they're about to drop off a cliff in the next year or two. And they, they got 'em all in the contract. They just did Lane's contract.


They just did my lot of contracts. Yeah. No, them boys not just did Dickerson contract. Garon is a rookie. It was on a rookie contract. Nah, he ain't going anywhere anytime soon. Well, You know, You know it's funny when you think about it as good as Saquon is and as good as that offensive line is, even if Saquon was to loser step, let's say it maybe, maybe in three years if that with an offensive line like that, he will still be able to do what he needs to do because that much better upfront. So he won't be able to go 80 yards with anybody without anybody touching him. So now he might have to break a tackle two yards from the line of scrimmage as opposed to running through those holes that I, my old slow ass could probably get five yards. I ain't gonna hit my head on the goal post like him, but I might get five yards.


TI give about three or four yards. Huh? Four. Four. I give about three, four them, them licks hurt. I can imagine. Nah, I ain't, I I hadn't gotten hit on and mad in two decades. Yeah. I shadow like ice. You know how you drop ice outta the cup, ice hit the floor? You gotta remember they not hitting like we was back then. Now it's different. Oh They, oh no, no. It's some, some I don't How long I done forgot how to take a hit. You see, you, you, hey you start lose aid. You know how it'll t when you go, like when you leave the season and you come back and you gotta go to training camp, you got to relearn those stuff. Don't. Oh yeah. No, that's a fact. Don't tingle like they did. Yeah. Like once you get going like training camp and now you go to the season, they don't tingle them.


And now 20 years. Man I be getting, hey I run 'em the shallow cross. It's a zone. I You running through the zone. Yeah, they gonna get fine. They gonna get fined though. They might hit you but, But I won't be fine. Fuck. They might get fine but I won't be fines. That's a word. That's a word for sure. Yo Ocho, you switched it up on me man. You usually have on the Cartier shades. I I got seven pair of Cartier shades over. I was gonna be OCHO tonight and you didn't. For real. Hey, you twist it up. Hold lemme hold, come on Now. Lemme see what you got. What you got. Whatever we need. You know what I mean? We in there. I'm Ocho right Now. Hey, hey listen, listen it's time. Hey I, I keep wearing the same ones over and over. I'm trying to say the rest of 'em, You know for football season when I'm on tv I got caught.


I springs right. I got a different color to match each suit. Alright. Yeah, that's a different bra. I got different color. That suit. I got DI gotta, I gotta send you, I gotta send you dude information right off of Twitter. He from Canada bro. He got everything. I need it. I need, I need, Imma still put mine back on. We gonna get right. I'm Yeah, Go, go. Gonna put them things on. We gonna switch him up. Ur says that when he's a vet, he'll have rookie organize his locker. Take a look at, take a look at this video guys. I'm gonna vet what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna have a rookie organize my locker every day before he leave. If Flaco told me to do this every day, I would do it.


I go to him every day. I say, Hey bro, you good. You need anything right here. Because it's respect. I, you feel me? I feel that. So When you came in as a rookie, what did the vest have you do to run? The events were pretty, pretty good to me man. Jarry Evans, Ben Grub, Zach Streep, those, those guys were pretty good to me. I, yeah, yeah. Okay. Get 'em breakfast. But every Saturday, food for the plane, snacks, toiletries, I had to bring that type of stuff to the facility. Deodorant, body wash, all that good stuff. So trying to find a, a ride to Walmart. 'cause Uber didn't exist in, in 2013, so trying to find a ride to Walmart, get the stuff for the guys and haul it in to the facility.


But they were, they were pretty, they were pretty smooth on me. Yeah, that's what it was. I mean, they want breakfast sandwiches, they wanted donuts, they wanted chicken to come. They wanted Popeye's to come to the plane. I'm like, come on guys. Y'all bro. Y'all know man. And back then, You know, we drove, You know, we drove, drove to the airport, but we had our own hangar. So you drive up, go get on the walk up and get on the plane, man, You know man, I was driving so fast driving reckless man, trying to, oh listen, I have a rookie contract, man, I can't, I can't afford no 1200, $5,000. Fine, man. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. I remember the days. I remember them day. I, I I I Why I received a group.


I mean, obviously the veteran. I came in as a rookie in Cincinnati. Man, it, it, it was, it was love. You know, there, there was, there was a certain amount of respect that, that I showed and there was a certain amount of respect that they showed as well. But you remember Darnay Scott? Yeah, I do. Yeah. Hey, Darna Scott, Danny Farmer was there at the time. Ron Dugans, P Dub Dub was there. And it, it was, it was all up. It was, it was nothing to that magnitude. Like some of the stories that I, that I hear Nah, We, we think The receiver room have the hardest time with that. The receiver room is always that, that Because they don they be trying to buck the receiver. Be trying to buck. Yeah. It's, it is always a hard time with that. We had a situation in Miami last year, not a big situation, but Tyre, Tyreek Hill had bought one of the rookies a Christmas gift and the rookie didn't like it.


Really? Like what? Like no, I made it. It's cool, but You know, you ty you Tyree expect you gimme me something better. You know, something bigger. You make it 30 MA year. You know what I'm saying? And Tyreek was really hurt by that. Like, he was really upset that the guy Did. Hey, what did he get him? I'm trying to remember. It was like a, it was like a, like a Gucci cologne set or something like that. Some type of design cologne set. And this, this young boy, he, he 21 years old in Miami. Man. He, he probably don't even have no cologne. He don't wear no cologne. He don't want that. Right. He wanted Tyre de bomb something with a little bit more, little more splash to it. Yeah. That was and plus Receiver room figured, You know, you gotta sing at, at, at, at, at training camp and not no damn fight song either.


Right. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody going to your school but you, so you gotta sing something. Whoever the latest is now, like probably not to be Kendrick Lamar, Drake or whomever the hot rapper is right now. Back then, You know, r and b was still big when I was coming up and guys singing Teddy pit, the guys was singing, Luther was singing Barry White. Hey, the thing y'all have, did y'all have a rookie show? T Oh for sure. For sure. Yeah. Mike mcd, he was, he was big on that and Sean Payton was too. Back in New Orleans we would do the song, most of the guys would would do RB old school RB. Yep. The, I feel like the, and you guys probably have a different song, but I feel like that undefeated song, when the rookie starts singing it and that rookie show, the whole crowd gonna join in is Fantasia, when I see you, it's over.


Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. He start that you get to the first 30, he get through the first 30 seconds. Yeah. He gone because everybody going. Yeah. Gone. Hey, You know what, that song, that song right there is like when the the swag surfing song come on. It don't matter where you at or what you doing. Sure. Everybody joining in. Yeah. You gonna grow. Yeah. You gotta create somebody. Everybody. Yeah. That's it. A New Orleans. What that Here we come to get you. Here we Come to get you. That was New Orleans. Bad New Orleans. Yeah. Back day. That superD Don used to rock.


Man, I, I missed, I missed them. I missed that place. I missed those fans. It was crazy. Came back. Matter of fact, I Think you went to Arkansas Pine Bluff. Yes, sir. And matter of fact, when I was at Lang, You know by Langston University, right? Yeah. Yeah. We, I, when I was at lns, we played Arkansas, pine Bluff, they came up, they came on down. Is it coil or steelwater? Whichever one it is. It is back in 19 90, 19 97. We played Langston my freshman year. And Langston beat us, bro. For real? It was bad. It was bad. I thought Y'all took the bus because we took the bus everywhere. It didn't matter. It was three hours or if it was 12 hours, you on that bus. I was on that bus.


We was on that bus paired up. That Was a good day. And well see. And the way we did it is like the starting offense and the starting defense on one bus and then the backups on another bus Ride together. Defense, we did offense. No, hell no. Started us on one bus and, and, and the back ups on another bus. What the hell you be for? Right. Together. Yeah. If you ride the bench, you ride this bus, huh? Yeah, you right, exactly. Talking about segregation. Oh yeah. That's crazy. How they supposed to get better man? They can't sit and talk to none of y'all. No, Because we back there playing cards. You know, spades. We playing cards.


We, we, You know, Hey. Oh yeah, we don one at the back, the back of the bus. You know what I'm saying? We act, as a matter of fact, we wanted to go to the back of the bus with you. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. But hey, all of us. It wasn't nothing special. 'cause all of us was black. We had what? A, our kicker was white, so Oh yeah. It, it, it wasn't no, it wasn't no thing. And I'm sure it's the same thing with you guys. Did y'all have a white kick or a punter? Both white kicker and punter. See, that's it. Oh, we had, and a linebacker. We had a yo we had a linebacker too. He was a bad man. But that's what, You know. But you, you missed that. I missed, You know, taking over, You know, going to Tuskegee, going to Where'd, Burlington, North Carolina. Just you, You know, you you taking a bus?


Yeah. I mean, it ain't no, You know, plane. It doesn't matter if it was, like I said, if it was a hour to Georgia Southern and Statesboro or you going to Tuskegee or you going to North Carolina, it didn't matter. Spartanburg, South Carolina, it didn't matter. You on that bus. Yeah, we would take the, we take that 10 hour bus ride to Houston for Prairie View, Texas Southern. We'd take the 10 hour bus ride to Alabama and them Alabama state. My first flight in my life was, we got paid to come play utep. So we flew down to utep. They they paid us to beat on us. Yeah. Well that was my first time. I'm trying to think, what if, oh, first time on a flight. I think I went to Black college.


All American. I think I went to Pittsburgh. Mm. I think maybe I flew to see my brother play. Oh yeah. But other No, but no you wasn't. Take it. You wouldn't. But you missed that. 'cause guess what? We could stop by a convenience store. They was like, man, the, the guy was like, because I was, I was the, I was a Calvinist dean sold the man, like man, sharp man, I'm hungry man. How Coach Davison stop by the stop by the convenience store. I'm like, I like coach man. I'm hungry coach. Can we stop by a convenience store? Coach Davis looked at me and said, all right home, we gonna stop. But you responsible for him. Oh, you already know what they gonna do. Yeah. They gonna clean the store Out. Oh y'all, y'all had the NIL money back then.


Uhuh? No, we had no NIL money. That's why he told me I was responsible for 'em to make sure they put issue their pockets. No, that's why he told me I'm responsible for. Yeah. And I'm standing to the door. Hey, Take It out. Damn man. You man, Man. Ocho how'd that go? Look, He ain't stop everybody Ocho. I, I did. Yeah. You ain't see Everything. But I tell you. But lemme tell you what I wouldn't do. 'cause I was one of the few guys that had a, had a vehicle and they was like, and people were like, man, to this day they're like, man, sharp wouldn't give nobody a ride, bro. I know who had stuff would follow him out the store.


I know who A bag of potato chips, soda, honey buns. All right. Ish would follow you. Walk out the store behind you. Right. So no, you not getting in my car. 'cause everybody knew who my, who I was and what I drove, man, I just know they got in the car with Shannon. It was Shannon Sharpe. They ain't gonna say nothing else. It was Shannon Sharpe. Oh no. Even if he had a little, little honey bunny gonna slide with a little switch roll or something. Yo, he Have $3, but he gonna come out there with $5 worth of stuff. So No, he got something for you. No, they didn't. No. Oh no. And the mall never go into the mall with him. Absolutely not. Yeah. T what do you think about the locker room this season with two going through his third and fourth major concussions?


How do, I mean, look, you, you can do all you can to try to protect the guy, but at some point in time he gotta protect himself. He has to know when the journey's over. You can't at, at no situation should he be allowed. I don't know what he was thinking. That you gonna go head, that you gonna go head first on somebody knowing your history. Yeah, yeah. No, he, he definitely, he's, he has to be aware. There is no question about it. And he is aware, but even more, and now it has to be proven on a, on a weekly basis that it, he understands his importance and impact to the, to the team, to the franchise, to the city without Tua under center. It's a different, it's a different team, it's a different look. Yeah. But with him under, under center, I strongly believe Miami Dolphins can win any game that he's a starting quarterback.


So No, you're, you're absolutely, absolutely right. It gets 30 degrees. Oh, here we go. Let's get it, let's get into it. Let's get into it. No, but go ahead. But with Tua, go ahead. With Tua. Yeah. No, he, he has to know that, he has to know how, how much of a value piece he is and, and whatever it needs to do. But just, just knowing the guy, knowing how much he love the game and, and the way that he prepares, man, it's that competitiveness against Buffalo this year we we're stagnant offensively. We get a drive going and he's trying to extend on the third down and try to get another first down. It's just, he can't be the one to do it. You know what I mean? But it's just him being a competitor trying to, trying to wield a team. Yeah. I I think, I think I, I talked, uncle and I talked about this last, last year sometime when he, when he went out.


I just think he has to learn to fall a little better under, under understanding the, when winter to especially I remember that first down where he went ahead first. He still got, he got up. Yeah. But it was like one of the moments where you'd be like, ah, Yeah, yeah, for sure. Hold your breath moment, You know, when the journey's over. Yeah. Knowing when the journey's over and then when he gets hit, knowing how to fall correctly, You know, especially when you go, when you go back and you don't try to do your best. I know it's hard, but I was, it's something that I trained myself to do is when you get tackled, when you going backwards, try not to let your head hit the back, the back of the, the back of the ground. As hard as it does. I, what I used to do is if I get hit hard and I know it's backwards or I'm going backwards, I would tighten my core and try to keep my head upright the best I can.


Yeah. The best I can. Just so I don't get that boom, that, that, that, that initial shock which causes Yeah. Cause the That's the one though. The one that you falling back, hit the head. That's the one that's, that's yeah, that's the one. Do I, I do my best, like I'm holding the ball, but I do my best as if I'm as if I as if I'm bear hugging dude, You know, in a sense. Right. Obviously literally bear hugging. I'm just saying, trying to keep my body in my upper body and torso as close to him as possible. Even on impact. Just so most of the force isn't the back of the head bouncing off. Yeah. What, how you feel about them guys on the sideline that they, they jump out of bounds or, or you trying to fall for, for, for a few more yards? What you, what you think about that?


It all, it all depends. In his situation, he can't do it. Not even on four because he's two valuable. He gets first down and he gets dinged. What have you done? Okay, you got the first down. Now your backup has to come in and finish out the ball game, ball game. Yeah. Different. I give a prime example, Peyton Manning. Once Peyton Manning hurt that neck, they never let him do quarterback sneak again. Yeah. If you notice, they don't let Patrick Mahomes, since he hurt his knee, they don't let Patrick Mahomes do go straight into the line of scrimmage. You see, you, you have to protect the guy. No, that's a fact. That's a fact. With Tua, He's gonna have, they, they're not gonna let him do it. Obviously you wouldn't do no touch push with Tua. But second of all, bro, you got slide. It's okay. This okay to slide, dude, I'm not looking at no quarterback.


Oh, he tough for what? You're not used to taking those licks like that and they looking to punish you because you don't have the protection of the pocket. Because once you leave that pocket, you a runner. So I'm gonna hit you like Derrick Henry. Yeah. You, free game, free game. I mean, you go from, you have Drew Brees for a number of years and then you go from to, what was it? What was it like? What was like Brees was a, Brees was a, a killer man. He was an assassin. He prepared like, like a federal agent. He was, he he prepared man. Like he was trying to build a, a re a case on everything that we, that we played.


Man. You would you hear the cliche first one in last one to leave. Yeah. But that was genuinely him. That was truly him. I would see him on, on those off days. Man. He's, he's preparing like none other, and you seen it every week and it don't ma it was no matter the outcome of the game too. This was the special part about him. No. No matter how he played individually or if we was a winner loss, he put the same amount of time in. He gave every team the same amount of attention and respect playing the Falcons twice a year. That second game, even though we just beat them by 15, two weeks ago, he is gonna put those same amount of hours in. And, and that's why he was, he was the greatest. Hey, hey t did you understand before, did you understand the animosity and the hatred that the Saints fans had for the Falcon fans?


Did You know that? No, I didn't. Honestly, I didn't, I didn't know that was such a thing, but I quickly adopted it Quickly. Adopted it quickly. Like, I hate them folks. Still, I Think I found for real, listen, I think I found out maybe two or three years ago, and here I go, trying to have a kumbaya moment, trying to get fans Ain't happening. That's not happening. You know, become one of the game, You know? Yeah. And it like, man f no, nah, f You know what I'm talking about? Like, for real. I'm thinking they, You know, I thinking they playing around on Twitter and then people say like, this is really, I really hate them people. They do not mess with the Saint Saints fans. Do not mess with Falcon fans and Falcon fans. You best believe they don't ever, they don't ever with no Saints Fans.


Yeah. No. I, I hate 'em too. Is that serious? I had no idea. I didn't, I didn't either. Ocho but I, I, like I said, I quickly adopted it. I I still hate 'em to this day. Like I'm not rocking with the Falcons ever.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from, I do part two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card, you can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 24th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Keebler cookies, Popsicle frozen treats, smart water, silk almond milk, Folgers coffee, and carry gold butter. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do, but we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one Miss anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


All laces on leather ranked the NFL atmosphere from best to worse. What do you think the the, the best atmosphere? NFL atmospheres, what do you think the best one is? Honestly, a uncle. It gotta be between Kansas City and Seattle. Mm. Kansas City gotta Be Kansas. Kansas City is number one. Can. Okay, we, I'll go through the top 10. Cal. The, the chiefs are one, Packers are two, three, Hawks are three, Vikings are four, Ravens are five, bills are six, lions are seven, saints are eight. Patriots are nine.


Cowboys are 10. I don't know how Cowboys made it because they ain't got no home feeling man. It's like they lose all the time. Yeah, no, for sure. The stadium nights though. I I think it's just raid the stadium. Ranking the stadium for the Cowboys. I don't think it's, it's gotta be talking about the environment because I was shocked. I'm shocked to see those Saints almost like six games last year at home. Yeah. Yeah. And the Cowboys don't got, they don't really have a, unless they're, unless they're winning eight, they're, they're fans will show up and it's so many people in that stadium. You, you will hear it. I'm shocked to hear that, that that New Orleans was, was so low on that list. That Superdome is crazy, You Know? Yeah. But y'all, y'all, y'all been, y'all been, y'all been struggling. Y'all been on hard. Y'all been some lean kids. Oh. Oh.


So this is, this is last year's like best. No, but Im just saying, look, I, I give y'all credit now. Y'all, y'all be making some noise. 'cause I remember Katrina, when y'all, y'all y'all played in San San Antonio. I think they was in San Antonio when they came back. Lisa blocked that point on that Monday night game against the Falcon Rebirth. I mean, you could literally hear it through the television. Yeah. I mean, it was as, I don't know. And, and Sean paid and all the people said they've never heard it that loud before or since that night. Yeah. No, that I'm, that was definitely a special moment. But during my tenure in New Orleans, we were always, it was us. Yeah. Y'all was good. Kansas City, as far as like the loudest crowd noise, the saints was always the near the top.


And I'm not surprised that a look, I mean, well look at this, A lot of these sea, how? Well Vikings a dome, lions dome, saints, dome, cowboys, dome. It's, it's something about when you can get a, you can get an outdoor arena and you get that kinda like the Chiefs have. Yeah. Like when I played the Broncos. Yeah. Man. Oh my high. That thing be rocking. They, that 76,000 I'm talking about they be going crazy po charges right down here at the bottle. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Charges. Listen, I, I've been in some great atmospheres. I've played at every state that's on here. And I, I honestly know one number two should be the Bengals, honestly.


Boy, stop. Yeah. Cut it out. Ocho boy Listen Uncle. Cut It out. Ocho No, listen to me. T stay with me now. All You never been in the jungle, boy. You never been in the jungle or a primetime game in Cincinnati. You see what? You gotta see what you had. You see how he prefaced the tea? A primetime game. But I'm sitting around the Playoffs. It ain't, it ain't gotta be no primetime game. It can be any game. It could be a preseason game. It could be A-A-A-A-A-A-A note of where you scrimmaging against yourself under the lights. Right. It ain't gonna be RTUs. That ain't what y'all do. That's, that's what we do. That's what we do. No, it's not. The culture over there has changed tremendously. You hear me? I been, I was, yeah. I was there when the locker was on. I give you, I give you credit ocho It is, it has from my earlier years to now.


I feel like now it's, it is a a lot better atmosphere. They wear, they all white. Yeah. It's, it's rocking that Joe Burrow the Icy white. It's not in the top 10. Not in the top 10 though. Yeah. Guess What? Not at all. No, it's not. Not at all. When they wear them icy whites, all you gonna do is see 'em, see is see 'em ski marks because they going poop the bed. They already gonna, that's all they gonna do is wet poop the bed. Ain't nothing going on ain up. Popping Off. That's that Baltimore raven coming out. Unc. I know what that is. I know what that is. That's that hatred y'all was asking me about when the fers in the saint? No, no. The hatred for the Oh, Y'all was the stealers? Yeah. Y'all Stealers. Yeah. The Steelers. No, we and, and us for in, in, in Denver. It was the, it was the Raiders then. The Chiefs. The Chiefs. Yeah. I got you. Yeah.


It was raid. It was, it was, it was Steelers. I mean dur during my time it was, it was the Ravens, Ravens and Steelers. Mm. It was bad. It was Y'all beef with C Cleveland because y'all tried to see who owned CL Ohio. Listen, I'm here. They don't Worry about y'all My time. During my time we used to beat up on the Ravens and the steal us. That's it. Well maybe you did. I was, I was long gone about To go get them shots on Ray middle of the field. Yeah. Hey, I seen, I Seen you Think you saw me? You saw me fucking Him up on him. Yeah. I seen you put that shirt on him. Put that thing on him black. Yeah. He Put you down. I, You know, fabric way behind there.


I tripped, I tripped, I tripped Cardinals. The bear the charges. So what what you thinking Don? Yo, what they, what they get right, what they get wrong? Who, I mean, no, this, this is about right though. Who, I'm not sure who made this list, but it's about right. You know, the funny thing about it is the fact that some of the dome teams are a little low. That's a testament to the fans in Seattle, in Green Bay, in, in, in Kansas City. Yeah. And funny thing, the first thing I said before, soon as you mentioned, we were doing a ranking of best stadiums. I said, I said Kansas City and Seattle right away. Seattle. Yeah. Oh, it's so goddamn loud tea. Yeah, yeah. No, for sure. I don't know if it's the way the stadium is built. I don't, I don't know what it is.


It's like dog, you be on the field and can't hear nothing. Yeah, no, for sure. That Seattle game we played in my rookie year in the playoffs and Oh, that when beef bowl, the beef quake happened? No, that wasn't that man. No. Okay, my bad. No, that wasn't, I wasn't a part of that. I would've tripped him. But no, it's second round of the playoffs and Sean Payton. So we, we went up there, we kind of like battling for the number one c middle of the season. We played on Monday night, it's 28th to nothing. Immediately. First quarter they smacked us. So when we go back in the playoffs, Sean Peyton had all these custom earpieces made dead silence.


So all week we wore these earpieces and we non-verbally communicated every play, every snap count. And we got up there and we, we, we did it. It worked like a charm as far as that. We still lost. Of course they went on to win the Super Bowl. But it was, it was that OY to your, to your point. It was really, it was so loud. It it like hurt. So we had these custom ear pieces, I swear with Kansas City. We did that with Kansas City. But the Old Kingdom, before they built this stadium, they used to have a, they used to have a dome in Seattle called the Kingdom Dome. Yeah. Know that, didn't know that. They now it only holds about 60,000 ocho. But boy you talking about loud, They be in there rocking.


Huh? It's always raining in Seattle. It is always raining in Seattle. Those people walking around sad all week. And they go in the stadium and scream. That's all it is. It's all the rain. The old, the Astrodome was like that steel. Oh the House of Pain used to call it the House of Pain. They did. Well they, You know they had Warren Moon, they ran the running shoot and they defense man, boy. But the bills, the bills is the Bills stadium. That's loud. They got, they got, I dunno what they call it now. I don't know they, what they call it in Mark or whatever they call it Highmark or something. But it used to be called Rich Stadium Ocho.


Yeah. Them joke would be talking about Let's go Buffalo. Yeah. Little bit. That's, I'm not gonna lie. It is hard. Yeah, it's, it is dope. That's that, that was one of my favorite places to play throughout my career. That energy, Joe started jumping around. D you better tell him. Yeah. Nah, that it is hard. It's hard. They got a nice atmosphere up there. Hey Buffalo Got some crazy fans. They, They tailgate, they jumping, they wrestling, jumping on burning Tail cables. Yeah, yeah. No they they got real football up there. Real football atmosphere. And You know what's funny too, t when you think about it, UNC, listen Buffalo, Buffalo fans deserve they flowers anytime it come, the donating. You know when other They, they, they hot.


They have some what Buffalo fans come through like no other. No. That's a fan. That's a fan man. That's A, they always show love man. They used to tragedy. They always lose. So they know how to handle losing well though, You know what I mean? Like they know how to get close, get to the door and, and get closed. Shut on 'em. So they used to lose and they know how to handle it. Well We good. Oh so you good Chiefs one. Packers, Hawks, Vikings, Ravens, bills, lions, saints, Patriots, Cowboys. Saints Too Low. Saints too Low Saints Too. You Think Saints should be in the top five?


Real, real Saints atmosphere? Top top three environment. Oh whoa. Wait, hold on. If the Saint's top three environment then, then Cincinnati would damn show gotta be in. No it ain't even the same argument. Ocho. It ain't even in the same Yeah, no, Now different. I hadn't played in this new stadium, but the old Metro don't. If you play no metro don't. Right. T crazy. It's crazy. I hate them too. Can't stand them. Who was aggravated. I played up there man. When they had, they had Johnny Randall, they had Chris Doman rest his soul. They had Keith, Keith Millard, they had Al Noga and they had Henry Thomas, Hank boy, they had a defense out of this world.


Yeah. Boy, boy, boy, boy. If Floyd the defensive corner down, I think it was Floyd, Peter, Floyd, Reese, Floyd, Peter, what Floyd's last name? I think it was Reese. Boy you talk about cu Don't, Man, don't let them sack. Don't you let him sack that quarterback. T They was doing that stone. Yeah, yeah. No, for real. Alright Jordan. 'cause right now he just logged on for a fact. T one of the, one of the first athlete, the original music. Mad fan guys. He's been trying, we've been trying to get him on for a minute. We linked up a couple of weeks ago.


He said, man, let me come on back out. Yeah. And here he is. Ladies and gentlemen, your favorite rapper's favorite rapper. What? What's up Unc? What's up O Yeah, what they do, bro? Man, We living life. We blessed we alive, man. I'm loving him man. Happy to be here with y'all. Y'all know I'm a big fan of the show. Shout out to my good, my guy up there, man. Big do. I'm not a Dolphins fan, but I'm a Dolphins supporter. It's all good. I'm a Dolphins supporter. I got fan out Miami. But shout out to you man. Shout out to the whole crew. Yes sir. Shout out to me bro. Dolphin, make sure. Super Dope. You're from living in LA now. So were you a Raiders fan? You a 49 ERs fan? I'm a Raider. You see the, the Niners to us, they like the, they like the Premadonnas of the bay.


You know, they like the, They like the pretty girl at school. Everybody want the Raiders. We got in there grit. And growing up, my mom was in real estate, so one of her first real estate deals was Lance Johnstone when he came to the Raiders. Okay, Yeah, yeah. 51. I remember. Yeah. He used to give us tickets to the game and my mom would always take me to the game. And then one of my close friends, Ty Jones, he was drafted to the Raiders from our high school Deer Valley. So I always been a big Raider fan. Marshawn Lynch, Charles Woodson, You know, always been a big Raider fan, man. Alright, we gonna get you outta here. CJ Gardner Johnson goes off on dc Vic Fangio on ig.


I was a tense dummy for them. So now they can be like, my scheme work or did my skill make it work. I had zero issues, people had issues with me. So yeah, let the salary cap be the excuse. Big Fangio. He said that CJ Gardner Johnson Trade was a salary cap issue. A salary cap thing. And I'm fine with it. Just don't let the young guys know like y'all did me. Damn. Hey, what, what? Hold on man. Basically he said the situation was a big fat Joe, the defensive coordinator. He said the re they traded him because it was a salary cap issue.


Now they didn't save a whole lot of money. Maybe a couple of hundred thousand dollars, but moving forward, because you got who you got coming up Ocho, you got that big dog up front. Yeah. Jalen Carter. Jalen Carter. Carter. He gonna, it's gonna take some bread, big Bread, And then you got, you gonna have brother, you gonna have brother Mitchell, he gonna be coming up. You gonna have Cooper, Deon, he gonna be coming up. Right. So they, they, they clean the house. So, You know, but I, it happens, bro. You got a ring, you got an opportunity to come back. You got a ring and, and somebody wanted you. When somebody trades for you, t lemme know what you think about this.


T when somebody trades for you, they're telling you they want you. Okay. The other team didn't want me. Yeah. This new team traded for me. They gave up something to give me. So clearly they see the value in me. Yeah. Even if the whole team doesn't Yeah, cj, cj, he, he real passionate man. He's, he is very vocal. That's, that's his, that's his, his biggest attribute, his passion, the way that he play the game is like, that's how he is off the field too though. He's, he's very, he's very vocal, very passionate. So if it's a way that he's feeling, you really can't convince him otherwise. So like, even though that the Houston Texans did want to, they wanted him, they traded for him, they gave away compensation for him to be a part of their team. CJ's still gonna let the, let Philly know how he feel. That's just, that's just how he is. That's how he wired.


Yeah. Unc You know, I talk to CI talk to CJ all the time, man, CJ and I are, are really close. Like, like t said, he is very passionate about, especially about the way the game, the game of football in general, the way it is and some of the things that, that, that he knows is going on. I, I think he allows that passion and love for the game he gets that his business at the end of the day Always has been, always will be. And, and, and that's a Fact. It's Tough though. It's, it's tough when you devote so much, You know, like you said, t think about it, you getting out there and you can't walk until Wednesday and you out there hobbling and you doing everything you can to give 'em everything you can and then they do something like this. So I, and they Treasure. Yeah. I, I-I-I-I-I-I definitely get it.


That's a Question. I, I'm, I'm trying to, That was something I want something I wanted to ask all three of you guys. Like what's it, what is it like kind of being married to a situation, you may have bought a home in this city or whatever it may be. You raised a family here and because it's time to blow it up and we want to get younger players and what's that like, that transition, like having to know you gotta leave You. I you under you understand it. You understand it, Sam. Like I, I already knew at some point I knew my time was coming. I didn't know when that day would be, but obviously I was able to squeeze out 10 years, normally 10 years to your cutoff point, no matter how good you are, if you go down the list of some of the great receivers, there have been very few that stayed on one team for a very long time.


The, the two that I could think of, maybe the longest might have been Jerry Rice and Larry Fitzgerald, You know, Jerry, Jerry at some point left. But Larry and Gerald's, one of the few I could think of that stayed at one organization for a very long time. I knew my time was coming. So while I was there, wherever I was at, whatever cars I was dealt, but I was fixing to play my hand. See my, I had fun. So when that time did come, You know, I was at peace with it because I understood the business side of it, which is why I chose to have fun instead because I understood the politics and business side that came with it. Gotcha. You know, it's gonna happen, but it doesn't make it any easier. Right. Because of what you or what you give to that organization. All those pain killing injections that I took, all that, all, all that, those, those poured all shots that I took just to be able to go play.


And now I have one down year. You like, oh yeah, we be good. Seven consecutive pro bowls, first team all pros, three a thousand, y'all all that. Man, It's tough. I ain't gonna lie to you. Hey TI ain't gonna tell you. Don't lie that yeah, that is, I'm like, bro, damn, I thought I was gonna be one of them. John Elway, I gonna get me 12, 13. Yeah. 14 with one. Yeah, no, it's real. It is real simple. For, for real. Just and just to add to what, what Ocho and, and UNC is saying, especially it's, it is today's media and Adam Shefter and Ian Rappaport, them guys get the news before you do You know what I mean? So that's the, that's the part that I've seen re be really impactful negatively to, to some players.


I had one of my teammates here in the Saints, he was a running back and we, bro, we chilling in training camp, playing a game. And he just scrolling on Twitter, bro, he, he just got released by the Saints. Wow. He had no idea, like, no, no idea. And they, it was real. He, he got released, they kept one of the rookie running backs that they had, they had drafted. So on Twitter, he had no idea. You know what I mean? That's the part that hurt. Wow. Crazy. And the fact of the matter is, is what OCHO and I, we go around sometime, I'm like, bro, when Adam, she and these guys be talking, where you think they getting that from? They getting that from the teams, They getting that from the general manager. They're getting that from owners. They're getting that from player personnel director. They're getting that from NFL sources.


Oh, they don't? Yes they do. I mean, Adam Shef, they making, You know, lot, lots of money. These, these are insiders. They making a lot of money and they built up great relationships because, and this is why they say anonymous, this is why they say sources because the moment they give up one source, they're done. I hope you've made a lot of money because if you give up one source, nobody will ever go on record with you again. Nobody will ever tell you ish. That's why Adam Shefter got all those phones. That's why he taking calls. He's live on air taking Calls. That's Crazy. There ain't no dummy calls. Trust me. That's crazy. That's why I got so much love for the king. You know, we see eye to eye when it come to King James, unc.


That's why I got so much love for the King because these organizations got the ability to move you where they want you to be, but you never kind of got the opportunity to pick where you wanna go. All right, Simple. Let me ask you one question. I'm I'm gonna get out you guys way going, just going through your discography, man. What, what's it like to have a song with the legendary DMX man? Honestly, bro, like I can't, I can't, I can't tell you because the way that happened, I really wasn't involved on the process of that. That was joiner Lucas' thing. And him and X had a relationship and right before X had passed, I believe that might've been the last verse, joiner told me that he might've laid before he passed.


But he had a great relationship and they had laid a song and one day joiner hit me and he was like, yo, I got this joint, me and X did. I want you to get on it. And of course I was honored to be a part of it. It's XI grew up trying to be like X from rapping, like him to trying to act like him in exit wounds, You know, so it was just a blessing to be a part of it, honestly, man, I'm dope man. Yeah. Well TI know you gotta get outta here, man. I appreciate that. We appreciate your time. Good looking out. Appreciate you guys, when you get some more time, hey, stop back by with us again, man. We'd love to have you. Of course, man. Appreciate you guys. Love. Thank you. Hold on. What you got?


Hey, tell us about the YouTube channel you're getting ready to launch. Boom. Oh yeah. Just really, man, being a big fan of you guys show and everything you guys doing, I'm, I'm looking to get into my own. I want to talk Oline, I wanna talk Oline d-line, some details of the trenches, how Kobe and Peyton Manon had the details show and they really broke down right. What they're seeing and how they analyzed the game. I want to be one of those people and, and, and kind of really take over that, that avenue for Oline d-line to where it's okay. Easily digestible so I can, I can be an educator in that space. So You know, what technique is used, You know who that sack is on and, and and how it happened, You know what I mean? That's just gonna be a part of my YouTube show. So Toron Ted Show coming soon, man.


I appreciate you guys. You Already got a partner. We, we got some, we got some things work. Okay, we got some things. We okay. We gotta talk online. We gotta talk online. You got, you gotta talk to, You know, Big Willie Anderson, huh? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Big, big Willie be, I mean Willie would be real good in that space. Especially, especially from a informative standpoint. Playing a, playing the Oline position. Man, He gonna be there for sure. He gonna say there. Yeah. Alright, well t we really appreciate that is YouTube show launch on June 17th. He's gonna break down. It's going to be def final points of Oline and D-line play. What actually happened? The set quick set jump set. He watched the stab, he dropped down, he played for the Bull, he Bend, all that stuff.


All of all the good stuff that, the intricate stuff that a lot of people don't talk about, you'll be able to get that on Ter Tara's YouTube channel. So check it out. It's launch in June 17th. T appreciate your time man. And when you get an opportunity to stop back by with us book, shout out to t the volume.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from, I do part two. Wanna try Ozempic but Can't Stand Needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health weight loss Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Sargento, cheese slices, Hellman's mayonnaise lay's, party sized chips and snacks and Triscuits. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company Wells Fargo Bank NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with refresh Optive mega three, A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with inactive ingredients like flaxseed oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh. Op deve Omega-3 is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible.


This is an iHeart podcast.