
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state,


By when it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Holiday Magic is in the air. And DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget price, Find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, Joe, the Browns and Deshaun Watson have agreed to terms on a contract restructure, easing the salary cap burden for years to come. The rework deal also signals that Watson is expected to be with the Browns next season. This is about cab space. After the deal is up, the Browns mentioned they will bring a quarterback in for competition. Who would they bring in? Huh? Somebody Thinking, I like the fact that they are bringing them back. God damn bro. I I wanted this to work for him so bad, huh? I did too. This it just hasn't panned out the way it should be. I'm hoping and wishing and, and wanting to see that same Deshaun Watson that we gotta see when he was in Houston when, when he didn't have the weapons that he has at his disposal right now in Cleveland.


And it just hasn't panned out to be just that He gets another shot at, he gets another opportunity at it, another off season training, another mini camp, another another training camp. So I'm hoping he gets Achilles. Achilles, right? Yeah. He ruptures his, he ruptures his Achilles. So Yeah, I'm, I mean, it's Just hard for me to see Ocho Yeah. After being so far removed from when we saw you at your best. Right now, the injuries an Achilles injury. He had shoulder surgery. Shoulder surgery is, it's, is the easy to overcome. But that achilles Different, that's a different ball game. It's Just hard. Ocho we j you just don't see guys like do what he's done.


Right. And then all of a sudden to send back up. It's like, you know, it's like a plane boy, it's hard to get, Hey, now you get one of those little, little, little, little crop dusty. It's easy to pull them out out of a nosedive. Right. But when you got, you got a jumbo jack. Oh yeah. Oh, It, it's difficult. I mean, yes. Even, even if we don't get the old, the, the Deshaun Watson Bowl, can we get the Deshaun Watson that we can count on a Deshaun Watson that can, that can not turn the ball over, make all the throws, you know, be able to hand it off to Chub. I don't even recognize this guy. Yeah, I mean this, I don't recognize him. Mocho we, what we saw in Houston and even if we even, and I'm just saying, okay, let's just say we don't get a hundred percent of what we saw in Houston.


Right. Let's get 90, can we get 85 90 Ocho Ocho? I don't know if we've, I don't know if we've gotten 40% of what he was in Houston. It's not even been close. Yeah. It seemed like everybody looks better in that offense than him. Yeah. Black threw the ball better in that offense than him. Jamus throws the ball. But now look, granted Jamus turn is a turnover machine, but at least Jamus is throwing for three, 400 yards. I don't know if DeShaw has had a 300 yard game in that offense. And when you can run the ball with Chubb. 'cause he'd had some beers with Chubb was healthy. Now, this year Chubb started, he wasn't healthy and last year he got Nick.


But man, IJII just, I just don't know. I hope I want to see, because nobody wanna see the guy. I mean, Ocho I mean the guy got traded at 26. Yeah. In his prime. We don't see guys, we don't see quarterbacks. That's Not No. Unless they have injury. We saw Yeah, Brady left. Right. But Brady was in year 20, Manning left, but he had a serious injury. Right. We saw Drew Drew Brees, but Drew Breeds wasn't the Drew Brees that we, but he still had an injury, but he wasn't the Drew breed and with the charger that he became with their Saints. Yeah. So it's a, it's an anomaly that we see guys.


Quarterbacks, right? Yeah. Rogers left. But you look at, look at, we look, what year was it with Rogers? Like 18, 19. Same thing with fav. Like what, 16, 17. Normally we don't see 26-year-old quarterbacks that are uninjured leave. Right. So hopefully he can get this figured. I hope he get, get this thing figured out. Ocho I'm the only one that's not surprised by this. Ed isn't rooting for Saquon to break his record Hall of Famer. Ed Eric Dickerson was honest about how he feels. I don't think he'll break it. Do I want him to break it? Absolutely not.


Ed was also quick to point out Stix, if he does, he'll do it in 17 regular season games. One more than Ed. Ed, you do realize that you broke o J's record in 16 games O j's with 2014. What are we talking about? That's why I'm saying ocho remember we had that conversation? Yeah. You say, should we add an asterisk? And I said no. Because what at one point in time the records were in a 12 game schedule and then it went to a 14 game and then it went to a 16 game and eventually it's gonna go to an 18 game. So maybe all, so maybe if you get a receiver and he plays a good 12, 13, 14 years, he could challenge Jerry's record. Right? Because if he plays that length of time, that's an extra season.


A season and a half. Yeah. So now the record, now all of a sudden the sack total, you might have somebody owe your catch 160 balls. You might have some Yes. You gonna look, you gonna get a 2000 yard receiver. Yeah. Because they're playing more games. But it is what it is. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm not surprised, ed also, I don't pull no punches on that, but I'm not whining about it. He has 17 games to do it. Saquon is 268 yards away from Ed's record that he set 2105 during the 84th season. Remember in that season, Dan Marino was the MVP, ed was the offensive rookie of the year.


That was the year Dan went 48. Touchdown with Broke, which broke Dan f record, but he also went 5,000, which many thought was impossible. Right? 5,000 in 16 games in that era. Yeah. That's like 6,000 yards in today's era. But we, I digress. The Eagles have two more games on the remaining schedule. He's 1,838 yards. He has to average 1 33 0.5. Now he's playing the Giants and the Cowboys both who are terrible against the Rush. Hey, now it's gonna be a little different because there's no threat of Jalen Hurtz. Kenny Pickett is gonna get the start tomorrow. Also, Jalen Jalen is already out.


He's Already out. But you, you know, you know who they going. They gonna put the, they gonna put the team on, on on Saquon back now. Yeah. Put the team on Saquon back. And when they have to throw, when they have to throw, they will. I think AJ Brown and Devonte Smith. Hey, listen, you, you, you already understand the landscape of the game. Understand the game playing going in. I don't think you gonna get the balls. You, you, you might want, it's not gonna be the same. No. They call in changes significantly when the number two quarterback is in the game. It ain't gonna be the same. So it's, it is gonna be, it is gonna be some mad Faith is on that sideline.


Now All I know Ocho, if I'm the Cowboys and Giant, you ain't getting no record against me. You ain't finna have me in the record books. But I don't know how they gonna stop it. They ain't stop nobody Easy. I don't care. I don't care if Kenny Pickett throw for 5,000 yards. He ain't getting it in the jersey. I don't care if, I don't care if AJ and Devonte go for two 50 a piece. He not breaking no ocho. Yeah. You see that sack record? They keep short it. Right. 22 and five. Yeah. Yeah. And, and and and and and and and and Michael Strahan and, and the Packers right there. Yeah. The touchdown mark. Right. The yard is marked. You know, you said, oh no.


Oh no. You ain't got no record on me. Right. I ain't finna be, I ain't finna be in your highlight. Not, not gonna happen. No, no, no. Can do. Saquon has topped that number in six of his 15 games with Jaylen Hertz being out with a concussion. The Eagles made more. And guess what? Now he gonna get an opportunity because they're not gonna just drop back and throw the ball. Yeah. And the Cowboys are weak against the rush. The Eagles offensive line is very, very good. They're physical. You're gonna have to have to match their physicality, but Oh yeah. But I'm not surprised. Look, I've, look, I said I know Ed, we worked at Fox together, but I know I've known Ed for a number, number of years.


Right? We make no secret about it. This, I mean, people like, oh, ededie never made any secrets about it. He don't want anybody to break that record. No. Well, definitely. I mean, listen, records are meant to be broken. There's Some people Hold a more cow. I didn't, I broke somebody's record. Ocho. Yeah, I did. So it, it didn't mean anything when Tony got my record and eventually Kettle or Kel gonna have more 150 yard games than I got and Right. Okay. And I did Ocho all I could do was the best I could do. I can't measure if somebody breaks my record. I'm not measuring myself against them. I did the best I could do. I got everything I could outta my ability Ocho.


So what somebody else did that doesn't diminish what I did. Right. And I think sometimes people look at it like that Ocho sometimes if somebody, I had a record, they broke it. Nah, the compare no, ain't no comparison. Ed. I don't think anybody's gonna compare Saquon you bro. You, you, you bro, you a Todd 100 running back top 100. You a top 100 player in the history of the NFL. Your place is secure. Yeah. Different. And when I see you, I'm gonna say, man, you need, you need and let that ish go and, and, and, and put up a sign. Say break that record. Say Saquon. Oh, the Sacramento Kings fired Mike Brown on Friday.


He was man, he was just 31 game into his third season as head coach. And just got two years removed from being just two years removed from being coach of the year after ending Sacramento's 16 season playoff drought as the number three seed no less. The kings, after adding DeMar De Rosen this summer has gotten off to a rough start. Starting the season in 31 games, 13 and 18 and have lost five straight Brown did a presser and the full practice was fired. He was informed on a phone call as he was on his way to the airport to leave play the Lakers and Mike Malone. This is what Mike Malone had to say.


He went scorched earth on his former employee by Mike. At first I was really shocked and surprised. Then I caught myself. I said, why am I shocked and surprised? I'm not, I'm not for two, two reasons. One, because the NB head coach, ultimately you're going to get the blame when the Kings win, the credit goes to Fox. It's a bonus. When they lose, they blame gonna go on Mike Brown. That's the way it works. Right. And for two, and who works and who he works for. So I'm not surprised that Mike got fired because I got fired by the same person. And really what? Pissed, okay. What peed me off by the fact that they lost the night in the field game in a row, I believe. Tough filing the jump shooter they had practice this this morning.


How he does the media. He's in his car heading to the airport, fly to la They call him on the phone and tell him he's fired. No class, no kaas. That's why, that's all I'll say about that, Mike. I think you said a lot. I don't think you need to add any, I don't think you need to add anything to that. Why would they, why would they, why would they wait? If you already know, especially a decision like that is already been made. It's not like, you know, y'all wanna fire him now. Hey, the man done been through practice and everything, you know, all week long. And then you wait until it's time he's hit to the airport. They go play places. Yeah. You know what, when you come the decision, we're no longer going to retain you or your contract, you're fired immediately.


Can you imagine? I woulda, I would've car I would've cussed her on it. Man, What? What you gonna do? Okay. You still fired, don't you? Yeah, But you could, you couldn't have tell me. You couldn't have told me that at the facility. You couldn't have told me that before. I put this goddamn damn suit on and headed to the goddamn airport. Yeah. I think, oh, Joe, honestly, this is what I think. I mean, it was tough 'cause they had to lead and it was Fox, right? That filed a guy with a three point shot and now it's a four point play play. And he was kind of critical. And normally what happens, you don't criticize your superstar star player. Yeah. But they just, I I, if I'm not mistaken, look this up. Didn't they just give him a contract extension in June?


Damion Fox? No, Mike Brown. Brown. Oh, A lot is being made about the comments about Dere Fox. Fox doesn't feel like the King's roster feels guilt following the Wow. I wouldn't use the word guilt. That's the nature of the job that we have. Obviously him signing extension this summer, we thought we'd be together a whole lot longer. But that's the decision that they made. But at the end of the day too, he's still getting paid. Wow. A great part of being an NBA player and being an NBA coach. Those things happen, but contracts are guaranteed. Wow. I don't think he's disappointed that Mike Brown got fired.


N no. No, probably not. And the fact that you mentioned money, anytime money, money comes into play when mentioning someone being fired, well you shouldn't feel that bad because you still get to get paid anyway. Listen, that's the nature of the business, especially when it comes to basketball for players and coaches. But I felt bad. Yeah. I Felt and I felt bad. OCHO has happened to me twice. Lemme tell you why I felt bad, because I feel bad because I feel if I done my job, the man still have his job. But for you not to feel any guilt, for you not to feel any recourse, you don't feel that you could've done anything different to save this man's job. Nothing. Well, the only, only thing they can do is win and play better. That's pretty much it.


But he said don't have no guilt. So I mean, what? Hey, I mean he's averaging 26 points. I mean, he's a phenomenal player. Yeah. He, yeah, he did Miss Brother Clark. Hell, I wish the la I've been, Hey, all things being equal, the Lakers probably should have Wait, no. Probably knowing what we know now should have taken him over Lonzo. Mm. But you know, magic wanted a, a pass first point guard, Right? Fox's mo a score. But now what do they need? Scoring to go along with AD and LeBron. Now LeBron is out tonight. I think they're playing the King. They are playing the Kings and ad and, and, and Austin Reeves and Ru having outstanding games right now. But like, that's just me. But I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm reading Hips and I don't, I don't like, I just read it.


He said, I wouldn't use the word guilt. That's the nature of the job that we have. Obviously him signing his extension this summer, we thought we'd be together a whole lot longer. But that's the decision that they made. But at the end of the day, he's still getting paid. Like, oh, he getting paid. So, so what? Yeah. Why am I feeling, why, why am I feeling bad about it? Because had you had played better, maybe had you not filed that guy on that three point shot and you won that game, maybe he'd have his job for another day or another week and then maybe you guys turn around, you go on a winning streak and he still would've been. But that's not the here nor doubt. We'll never know. Ocho Oh Joe, check this out. Billionaire Tyler Perry reveals that his son only gets books and Legos for Christmas and is only allowed to fly commercial until he understands that I work.


And he does not. I think he, I think his son is what, 10? How old is his son? 10, 12 years. 10 years old. That is that is that it's not a bad thing. Is he? It's not a bad thing. Books And Legos. Yeah. But yeah, read. Yeah, read. So that's the only, so that's so, so if somebody would've gave you for Christmas, you only get books and Legos. How you know, you know, Tyler is exaggerated a little bit. I I well I just going, we just read what he said. You know, you know you getting your, you getting your child, you getting your 10. However oldest son or daughter may be know you get into more than, you know, books and Legos. I know you getting more than that.


Well Lie he told it. I also understand the lessons about flying commercial. I like that. He said in the precedent, you not gonna, you're not gonna be spoiled when, when your time does come, you need to understand the value of a dog. I said, my grandma, that grandma ain't still letting me early. Now Lemme ask you a question. How, how did, how did, have you seen, seen Tyler Perry's home? Yeah. A hundred million dollars. Can ask your question. How you live in a hundred million dollar home and you not spoiled. You think, you think Tyler getting up and cooking breakfast or his mom's cooking breakfast? No. Who cooking breakfast or chef? You think so who you think, you think he has security? So when he go someplace, you think they got security. Security, yeah. So how you not be, how do you not be spoiled in that environment?


You know what? And when you're in that environment and Tyler Perry understands what it took to get, to get to that environment, right. To be able to get a hundred billion dollar house. The work you have to put and do it, and you wanna make sure you instill that in your child so your child doesn't become lazy and dependent on you. So when you're no longer around, they able to function for themselves. Well the kind of money Tyler got when he no longer around, he gonna be straight, you know, I know he Lemme ask you a question, Ocho Yeah. When you growing up, did you have heated toilets? Hell no. Exactly. I bet you he got them what you wanna bet. Probably so, Probably so.


I I didn't have no garage when I grew up. How many, how many stall garage do you think Tyler Perry has? Ho Home has 5, 6, 10 Probably something like that. How Many rooms do you think the house? A hundred million dollar room. A hundred million dollar house. How many rooms you think? And they got a private landing strip so he can land in his jet right out there in the, in the front yard. That's nice. That's, I get the gist of this, but, but ocho you can't instill that in a child. At the end of the day, child going be want to do it or he doesn't. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hey, you, you know, I, I don't know how the saying goes, but train the child up in the way.


How, how, how you say it, you know, leave A child in the way you'd have him to go. Yeah. You gotta do, you gotta do, you gotta do what you do. Do the best you can. You know, once they turn 13, everything that's, that's it. Ain't nothing else you do on. Yeah, he's, he probably, you know, he, he don't understand hard work godparents Oprah Winfrey. She ain't got no money. Cly Tyson, who's, who's recently passed away, I think she was 99 years of age. Okay. I do. But I get the gist of what he's trying to do. Trying To do. Yeah, most definitely. But it's just hard.


Yeah, It's hard when, you know what I want this and the chef goes in there and fix, whips it up. Right. You want fresh toast. You want a eggs benedict, you want a waffle fresh made. I buy the as not no box, not noo, not there's anything wrong with Eggo, but he probably eating fresh waffles where they turn got the, the machine that they turn it upside down and make sure Right. Good on both sides. Ocho Yeah. Yeah. We, yeah, I, I understand what Tyler's doing, especially if we know Tyler's story, where he come from, what he went through to get to where he is.


I kind of get it


though. As we gather together during this holiday season, we me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC,


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with realtime notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll, we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Oh, now it's time for the last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Oh, lemme grab this real quick. Aaron Owen says, Riley Moss got cooked this week up. Who they, if your team lost this week, I don't want to hear you say foot or ball. Didn't you see the Ravens win on Wednesday? Did you not see that? Listen, hey, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do what you are. You are, you are a Denver Bronco. You are a Denver Bronco. You sp you spent most of your career as a Denver Bronco. So you cannot say foot or ball at the what happened tonight.


Lemme ask you a Esterday matter of fact because it's past. So Lemme ask you a question. Had you won that Super Bowl ring with the, with the the Patriots? You gonna say what you gonna say you ain't no patriot? Yeah because I didn't contribute to that ring at all. You did. You caught a touchdown that year. Yeah. And you caught a key first down. I did. I did too. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I Xx O Sanity in O Joe's voice. I better not hear you say foot or ball. Better yet. I better not hear the letters F or B come outta your mouth. I should have never said, boy y'all won't kill.


I should have never said that. I should have left that alone and just saved that and just told you that in private. And now that's all that's on my timeline. Matter of fact, hey they they That's a new shirt right there. Yeah, that's a new slogan for the shirt. Not say Scootie Puff said keep that same energy for Bo Nicks INT late in the fourth quarter as the bur all season. See it with your chest out. Yeah. Y'all saw me. No you can't. That's what happens when you predetermined. He predetermined where he was going. He didn't read that because if he had read it he saw Pratt and got up underneath it.


He pretty determin. I've thrown this over ball to, to a Sutton. No matter what. No matter what. He didn't read it. Pratt picked that thing right off. Yes. King win said since eight Since eight wins a since since win wins and losses a QB stat. Lemme ask you a question. It is, That's the only, that's the only position that get credit for wins. Who's the all time winning and quarterback Tom Brady? They've always been. That's always been ocho. I tell you what, when the last time you say a tight end or wide receiver has 20 come from behind wins.


Never Who'd they give that stat to the quarterback? They've always given it to the quarterback y'all. Yeah. This is not like all of a sudden we're changing the rules to say wins are quarterback stat. They've always done it. Always. That's why Tom Brady wait. You see soon as Patrick Mahomes get in the playoffs, you gonna see most postseason playoff wins And you are not gonna see that for a offensive lineman. You are not gonna see that for a defensive tackle. You're not gonna see that for a tight end old wide receiver. You gonna see that for coaches and quarterbacks.


It's not new guys, it's really not. I get it. Joe Burrow's having a phenomenal season. Yeah, he is. But wins have always gone on the quarterback's resume and the more you win and and and it, they double come playoff time. We're not making this up. I dunno that team staled eight straight weeks or two 50 passing the three touchdown millimeters elite territory Lamar especially, but he's dragging the team. So I mean with seven losses though. So what are we going, what are we gonna do?


I mean they don't give, they don't give wins and losses to any other position other than the quarterback. They've always done that guys. I don't know why. Look and I get it, y'all like Joe, Joe, you're probably from Cincinnati or you are LSU or you are a Joe Burrow fan and I get it, but they've always given wins and losses to quarterbacks. Oh Joe, you know that that Was definitely most definitely. Yeah. I just, I just don't, I don't, I don't like the fact that it, it, it comes up when a quarterback like it, the quarterback like Joe or whoever it might have been putting up the numbers he is putting up and the one thing that keeps him out is the conversation is the fact that you have, you know the losses you do.


Y'all remember those great seasons where Kobe was putting up those numbers but they were losing and he ain't getting no MVP. Mm. Y'all remember that? Yeah. That's what happens. They been hell, I remember when Matthew Stafford threw, he went 11 and five and he threw for 5,000 yards and he ain't get no MVP. Right. Y'all see what y'all trying to do is that y'all trying to make it seem like this was an isolated event that there's never been in the history of the game. Hell pack him. Holmes had 38 6 and he went 13 to three and didn't win. Aaron Rogers won it guys, this has happened before. Hell Dan Marino threw 44 touchdowns one year and didn't win MVP.


Damn. They gave it the lt. They didn't give it to him. I'm just saying because I think Dan won. I think Dan was nine and seven. But we gotta stop this notion that, oh since when did wins become a quarterback? Staff always most wins through the first five years of a start. Mahome most win. Most co that's what they do. Coaches the wins and losses go on the coaches and quarterback's resume. Right. Who has the most wins of the wide receiver? Who has the most wins of the tight end?


Who has the most wins of the db? You couldn't tell me but I bet y'all know who has the most wins. All time wins of the quarterback. Who has the most all time wins of the coach. Who has the most all time wins of the general manager? Guys, this is not new. It's really not. Joe has had a phenomenal season but I think it's gonna be extremely hard with seven lawsuits considering how well Lamar is playing with five losses. How? Considering how well Josh Allen is playing with three losses. Right. Jerry Goff with two losses. I just, I think it's just gonna be hard for him to get it.


That's, dang Jerry Rice has the most wins by wide receiver 1 94, which you've never heard. Jason Winton has the most career wins by a tight end with one 50. Darryl Green has the most career wins. Well, DB 1 62, you ever heard those stats before? Don't Cho Yes sir. No, but Tom Brady, how many Tom wins Tom Brady got two something most win by Coach Doner second most wins Coach Belichick. Yeah. And then you probably have to go like Tom land or something. But it's always been that guys, it's always, I'm not making up any new news.


I'm not breaking making up anything but wins and losses have always been stowed, bestowed. 'cause that's how we judge quarterbacks wins and losses. Right. And especially come playoff time. Quan said, can Josh Allen do what he's doing in the a FC North? He doesn't have to guys. So now we gotta transplant guys. Oh Lord have mercy. Do you be, I believe Joe is operating his system. Right. You're not gonna go ask Joe to do what? To do what he's doing in Baltimore because that's a totally different system.


He completely different. Completely different. You don't, you're not gonna ask, you are not gonna ask Joe to go run Josh Allen's system because Josh runs a totally different system. They're not gonna ask Joe Burr to run no quarterback power. They're Not asking and they're not asking Joe to run zone Reed like Lamar does it guys. It is. Okay. Y'all make it seem like Joe is in the last year and he's retiring, he's gonna have other years to potentially win the mvp. Right. He's gonna, he gonna win one. Yes.


How old is Joe? 27. 28. Because he stayed five years. Right. So he probably was 23 when he came out. Right. So he he's older than Lamar. Yeah, I believe so. I'm not sure how Joe, how old Joe is. He just turned 28 and Lamar is 27. Mm. Yeah, he turned 28 on December 10th. I think Lamar is is just 27. Mahomes is 29. Mm. But you know, Joe was red shirt. He transferred and he stayed. So he stayed in, you know, he stayed in school a little longer. He was better had he come out after his junior year.


He's probably the third or fourth round pick. He goes back and have the greatest season ever for college quarterback. And he goes number one. Overall That that was a, that was a great season. That's a pretty good turnoff. Ocho spent an extra year in college and become the number one overall pick as opposed to leaving early and being a third or fourth or maybe in a fifth round pick because he did not have a good junior season. Yep. And he lived up to those expectations too. He Had But he is living up to them. Yes. Lamar Robinson said, Hey Uncle Ocho depressed Giants fan here besides of exorcism. What do the Giants need to do better to do, to be better as a team As Dean Gotta start with getting the quarterback first.


He said you Gotta get here, you gotta get here. You giants span. Yeah. Once you get a quarterback everything becomes so much easier because all we do is you build and put pieces around that quarterback and you go from there until you get that boy it's gonna be hell boy. Yeah. I mean you got a great piece. I like neighbors. He's phenomenal. Yeah, he nice. Gotta you gotta shore up that offensive line. I mean y'all your bro, y'all a couple years away 'cause y'all, y'all more, y'all aqua a quarterback is a great start. But y'all, y'all some pieces y'all about five or six players away.


Hmm. About five or six players away. It's gonna happen. It's just gonna, it's gonna be over time though. Little steel's hurricane youth football org said unc Ocho. Where do you see Ka war going in the 2025 draft? This is what we know. We know the giants need a quarterback. We know the Raiders need a quarterback. Right. We know the Saints need a quarterback. We know Tennessee need a quarterback. The que I just, saints Don't really need a quarterback but they might need to start looking because this is what we know Ocho Who?


The Saints. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Derek Carr gets nicked every year and he either miss time during the season or he misses a large part of the time that take wipes the season out. Right. But Tennessee, the Giants. The Raiders, they absolutely need a quarterbacks. The Jets need to think about a quarterback also. They gotta do something all, every, every, every team we just named, they they have to do something. Yeah. If they're serious about the competing and changing. Changing the Culture. Cleveland Got two. Cleveland needs to think about one also. Yeah because Baltimore is straight.


Since it is straight Pittsburgh. You think Pittsburgh 'cause they got rust, they got Justin a f, C West. Bo Nixon is set. Yeah, Bert is set. Kansas City is set. So Raiders, you need something a FC South India set. Houston is set. Jags are set. Tennessee you not set Right. Go to the NFC. North Green Bay is set. Set. Detroit is set, Set Seahawks, Minnesota. Well they double Set, they double set Chicago set. They got Caleb Williams go. Okay, let's go to the let's go Ocho C wants to go to the NFC West.


You got the Rams set Cardinals set. Who has it? 49 ERs. So you got 49 ERs in Seattle Rock getting ready to get paid now. Okay. Gino, you want you, I mean Gino is like fifth and passing yards. Yeah, they smack dab. They went to the playoffs. They right dab on the hunt again this year. So I think they're set. So now you got the, the NFC South Tampa set. Carolina set. They ain't drafted a quarterback. Atlanta just drafted one of the first round. Yeah. In New Orleans. So, But only a few spots now. Yeah.


And so you got Miami. Miami, Miami don't need a quarterback. Who else in the A-A-L-C-E Buffalo doesn't need a quarterback. So you got the jazz and the Patriots. The Patriots just selected one. Wait a minute. So I think it's going now just because a team, maybe somebody, maybe somebody zoom up the board and say, hey, we wanna draft the quarterback for the future. 'cause we don't believe the quarterback's coming out in the next two to three years are better than what the, what what's eligible right now. OCHO never go hell, we didn't see Andy Reed zooming up. Hey Alex Smith had just took him to the playoffs.


Andy Reed goes up 17 spots, 16 spots to get a quarterback. Oops. Yeah. So you never never know. But he, Hmm. Dylan Gabriel is only a few touchdowns from re the record, which will make Cam Ward look hella dumb. Look, I look, Ocho and I, we discussed this a little earlier. Yeah. Ocho and I we're in accordance. We wouldn't have done what he did, but this young man did what he did. We don't know why he did it. Right. I'm just going to trust this judgment. That's not what I've done.


Either I'm sitting out or I'm playing, but I'm not gonna start the game and then come out the second half, I'll finish it. Yeah. That's not what I'm doing. May it's just hard for me to believe no Ocho that he like, okay. IIII got the record knowing that Gabriel is coming behind him, but who knows? And then there it's just, it's not good. Look, but he did it fuzzy. I don't know why he did it, but that's the decision that he made. That's the decision that he's gonna have to live with. And your la last college game. Ocho Yeah man. Yeah. Nah, I ain't going out like that. Not me. Not me. I'm not going out like that. But hey Evan, bursting since Win has strength of a roster, been a part of MVP evaluation.


Look at Kurt Warner roster. Look at Peyton Manning's roster. Look at Tom Brady's roster when he had Moss. Mahomes had reek in 87. So who are we, who, who, who are we looking at? I guess this is this about, is this about Lamar? And I think we went through that the other day. We went through that Rin had 1,548 yards rushing. And you're right, he won an MVP with Reggie. He won an MVP with Marvin Harrison. Harrison and Stokely as is wide out. He won in Denver. He had, who did he have? He had DT Demarius Thomas rest his soul.


He had Eric Decker, he had Julius Thomas, he had Wes Weer, he had no Sean Marino. So Boy were loaded, bro. They they were, and as he mentioned you mentioned Kurt Warner. Kurt had Oz, he had Tory Holt, he had Isaac Bruce, he had re Ray, he had, excuse me, Marshall. Marshall was offensive player of the year for like three years in a row and he won an MVP. So I get it, I get it. Trudy Lawrence said, Hey, Shea at ocho, have you seen 68 88 movie by Tyler Perry? What are your thoughts? I have not, I have not seen it either. Is it Good?


Yeah. I mean, shoot, I actually listen, I've been to Tyler, Tyler Perry fan since the the stage plays. Oh yeah, the stage plays was unbelievable. Yeah. I I haven't even had the opportunity to to go to watch anything. Speaking of, speaking of stuff, watching stuff, you, you watch squid games, huh? No, No. I mean I, I would like to watch a lot more things if they stop bringing bowl games in NFL football on TV Going. Yeah. Now we see, like I've been watching games. I watch games Monday watch games Wednesday. Watch game Thursday. Watch game Saturday. Gotta guess what Got games again. Sunday games again Monday. Yeah. And then we got basketball, then we got the bowl game.


We about to have, you know, the college football playoff about to crank back up. Ash said it was great. Maybe we'll watch it do a Nightcap movie review sometime. Hey, I like, I like that. What, What, what it come on. I ain't got no money. Well I got your, I got, I got your Netflix account Ash. It is, it is, it is on Netflix. You gotta, you got a, well if you didn't watch the first one, I don't know if you're gonna be lost watching the second one, but I guess you did. No, I was talking about the Tyler Perry play. Oh six a movie. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I said I got Ash Netflix account. So, and she be watching trash movies too.


Actually it's called, it's called six Triple eight. Oh that's what the movie's called. Six Triple eight. Okay. Shows what I know. And I try to watch a lot of stupid stuff, but Whew. You need to let me know there's something that we gonna talk about so I can watch it. Other than that, what we gonna talk about on here, I watch Apache Hos and UNC Ocho. I recently turned 29 on the 23rd of this month. And I was wondering if you two have any advice for a man approaching his thirties, wanting to start a career and a family? What you mean start a career? Start a career Now family. I get bro, you 29.


What the hell you mean start a family? So I'm trying to figure out what you did from the time you, your early twenties till now. You having, you was out there having fun, huh? You was, you was out there having fun. Y Hey, you can have fun, but you have to understand what about a career? Yeah, you gotta start. You gotta start that. I mean you, I mean It ain't never too late to Star, but you should. Yeah. But but you don't know. But you don't start thinking about a career at 29. Yeah. You might not start the career by me. Okay. Let's just say Ocho you was doing something but that's not what you wanted to do. Right. And that's different. But you get, you gotta, you gotta get, you gotta be able to separate the two though.


Yes. Your Career. Do the career. Get your feet wet in the career, then Get to fail, Then get the family. Yeah. Don't be out. Gotta Get harder That career. Rolling a little bit man. Get some consistency first. Yeah. Then start family. Yeah. I mean you look, I ain't gonna tell you how to live your life. You can do it however you want to, but it's a lot easier if you got a career and to get a family than get a family and try to find a career. Yeah.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA Member FDIC.


Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom-built T-Mobile private 5G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network's speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real-time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events looking nice. Abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for dinner with the fam drinks with the guys and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm mainly a jeans and t-shirt guy. But Abercrombie has to dress your fits that keep me comfortable. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Paty, you gotta get on the ball, bro. Anthony Bank, anytime a woman says we need to talk, either y'all break it up or you in big trouble. True. Hey boy, listen. Told you that's the two that's You have three words you don't want to hear. Oh, that's four my bad. Yeah, Four words we got, we get the gist of what you were saying. She wanna talk and you and you don't want to, Hey listen. And I tell you, he bring you that phone and he show you that phone. Who is this? Who I just told you? Because you know, hey, you get amnesia. Who there You can't see. Hey. Hey. Hold on. You start Queing man.


I don't know. I ain't never seen that before. Yeah, I don't know who that is. That ain't what you said. That ain't what you said right here. Oh, how man? Somebody, somebody, somebody done photoshopped my phone man. Hey, I remember them days in high school and college man. Oh Joe, that when you like why you go my phone? Yeah. Yeah. I remember them days. But It's always we need to talk.


What? Oh, can I, oh Ocho can I ask you something? No. Oh, remember them days? Joe sa say stay with me now. Can I get a birthday? Shout out. Belated December 27th. One of one of your favorite supporters since CBS and NFL Broadcasting days. Absolutely Joe, thank you so much bro. Appreciate that. Happy belated birthday. Never too late to get a birthday. We normally here, we normally go like three to five days after that.


It's too late. We get you next time around. We ain't gonna be, we ain't Finn be no three months past your birthday. Talking about, man, my birthday was in March and here we are in in, we are in May. That that a little bit too last. A little bit too, too late. But Joel, happy birthday man. Hopefully, I mean, bro, you got a lot going on. Got Christmas birthday. That's sad for you because you know, you get one gift and it's a Christmas present and a birthday. So I feel sorry for people that that got December birthdays especially close around Christmas or Oh Christmas because oh yeah, I got you a Christmas gift. That ain't no Christmas gift. That birthday because you got it in Christmas. Wrapping paper. Yep. And I want, I'm want boast Dylan Mitchell said, can you give me a shout out?


I'm a spinal cord injury survivor and intense recovery from Mississippi. Dylan, keep your head up bro. Chin up one step at a time, one day at a time and believe that you are going to walk again. That you're gonna be the old Dylan that you once were, that when that you did unforeseen incident happen. But guess what? Sunshine follows rain and Dylan, you going to walk again. Gotta believe that Though. Praying for praying for you. Oh, he got, oh, he got, oh, I thought he said, oh, so he got Ms. Multiple sclerosis. Ooh, Dylan. I don't, I'm trying to think, do I know somebody that had that?


Is it is, is is it curable Ash? Mm. Dylan we praying for you, bro. Yes sir. It's tough. It's, it's tough to be something one day and then have to, and then your life is altered the next And we at Nightcap, the family here at Nightcap, bro, we, you, our sincere thoughts and prayers go out to you, bro. 'cause I can just, I can only imagine what you must be thinking, what you must be going through, what your family is thinking, what they're going through. So I, I don't even know if I have the words and I'm pretty good with words and I don't even know if I have the words, but all I can say is that, bro, we we're here, we're with you.


Stay strong in your spirits and in your thoughts and just continue to be the best dealing and, and pray. And hopefully you find comfort. But, sorry, sorry to hear about your diagnosis, but we believe in you and we believe that you're gonna pull through this Clutch Conversation podcast says, what advice do you have for small podcasters between love to show advice? It's a lot of work, bro. And it all depends. I, 'cause I don't really know, when you said, I don't really know what type of podcasting that you do.


I don't know if you're sports involved, if it's sports related, because you know, sports happen on holidays, sports happens on the weekends, basically. Sports allow It's year round, don't you? Yeah. It used to be, you know, football is, is it's year round. You know, you got basketball So one thing bleeds into other. Now we don't really cover a whole lot of the other sports. We're mainly focused on football and basketball. Now we've kind of gotten to the, the, you know, track and field because the Olympics and the World Championships, which I, I, I, I really like that. But I think the thing is, is that hard work. Find your niche, whatever it is you're gonna do, and just become, just become addicted to the grind.


Get people that are all also addicted as much as you are to the grind. And just try to be the best. Immerse yourself in what you're trying to do, what you're trying to accomplish. Read a lot. But I've surrounded myself with really good people. I am not the smartest person in the room. I think I'm like third and there are only three people in the room. So I feel good about that. I feel really good about that. But I think, I think clutch. That's it, man. You gotta start small. I mean, everybody started small. Everybody started. Nobody really started at the top of the food chain. But it's a, it's a gradual climb. It's the work in workout day by day. One subscriber, 10 subscribers.


But it's all about creating great content. Make people wanna listen to what you have to say. Make people talk about what you're having to say. Hey man, did you hear that? That podcast, clutch Pod Conversation podcast, man, they had a been some interesting conversation. They talked about this and say so forth. And so, so that would be my advice that I would give you. Make people talk about you. Make people want to listen to you. Make people want to see you. Download what you have to say. Make people want to share what you're, what the content that you're creating. Damn, all here. I was trying to be on here for like an hour.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Y'all knew me. I'm your favorite aunt. I'm down, but I ain't out. Keep hope alive. Keep hope alive. Make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button, the happy guy. Liberty City's legend. Bingo, ring of Fame artery. He's so happy, he's so, so happy. Who bang, who ain't? But I'm gonna have the last laugh. Those who laughed last laughed loudest Bing. A rigg of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Again, make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button. Go tell family, friends, and loved ones to do likewise.


Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from, and thank you so much for your support and your continued support and beyond. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in a stock. Holidays are upon us. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Poitier? If you can't find it, any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your home. Guess what? I need you to do. Me a solid, please. Please drink responsibly. Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. And my media company. That's Shesha Media, but my clothing company is 84 with 84 being spelled out.


We got shirts, sweats that just dropped last month, as well as stocking stuffers such as beanies, coozies, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while. So supplies last, either one. Everyone should have received their orders Monday, Tuesday, obviously Wednesday was a holiday. Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Let us know that you received your orders. Let us know what you think of the merch that you ordered. And we want to thank you again for your support tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. It's February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. Great guest lined up for you.


You don't wanna miss this one. Make, and we've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote. The link is in the chat pin on our social pages and in our social bios. Cardinals defeat the Rams 13 to nine, and if they win next week, they win the NFC West and Secure Home Fields home, a home playoff game. The Bengals behind Joe Burrow's 412 yards and three touchdowns, all the the T where they be. I'm gonna tell you in a minute, the Bengals keep their slim playoff hopes alive and with a fourth quarter win, thanks to Joe Burrow, 400 plus yards passing three touchdowns, all the t Higgins as they beat the Broncos 30 to 24.


Now they just need the Broncos to lose next week. They need the Dolphins or Indie to lose one, lose one of their last two games and they make the playoffs. But if the Broncos win, it does not matter which the Broncos will win. And so it won't matter. And there's money rating charges clench a playoff spot with a 40 to seven shellacking over the New England Patriots on the road. BYU demolished the 20 number 23 Colorado Buffaloes by the score of 36 to 14. This was Shado Sanders and Travis Hunters Last game is Buffalo.


They didn't go out the way they wanted, but they gotta feel real proud of the new tradition that they've established in Colorado. Cam Ward says the Division one mark with 156 touchdown passes in his career, but he doesn't come out for the second half. I'm sure that's something that's gonna be talked about over this next couple of days. The Browns and Deshaun Watson have agreed to a restructured contract. Eric Dickerson is not wanting Saquon to break his record. Sacramento Kings fired Mike Brown over the phone as he was on his way to the flight to go head to LA to for the Kings to face the Lakers.


That's Nightcap for you. Thank you guys for joining us. Thank you for staying up late. We'll see you tomorrow after Sunday Night Football. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We're out. I love you. The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and Holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and More. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.