
The 2025 NCAA March Madness Men Tournament is back. And this time it's bringing all the fields. The biggest event in college sports is here with games happening all day long And you don't wanna miss a second of the heart bumping action. Catch all the clutch shots, big time plays, upsets Cinderellas Blue Bloods and more. Tune into the NCAA Men's Division one basketball Championship March 18th through April 7th on T-B-S-C-B-S-T-N-T. Tru TV and Stream on Max


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 Plus tobacco consumers.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.


When It's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The Volume


when it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Drafting is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test, a prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0. And if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Thank you guys for staying up late with us tonight. We probably should have gone at the third quarter. The game had gotten outta hand, but lesson learned moving forward. Anytime we come on after a game, if the game gamers will blow out, we will start the game early. So I know we said the the the, we posted that we're gonna go after the Lakers game, but we probably should have gone OCHO after the third quarter. Yeah, but that's a lesson learned. Please make sure you hit that like button.


Please make sure you hit the subscribe button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. I'm your late UNC Shannon Sharp, that's your late nephew, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler route runner extraordinaire, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, thank you again for staying up late with us. We know it's late on the East coast. We greatly, greatly appreciate you staying up with us. Make sure you go check out Shay by La Porter. Thank you Savannah. You guys showed up. You showed out at the Liquor Warehouse and Habersham Liquor. We really appreciate that. Support Savannah surrounding counties.


We really appreciate that. We do have Shea ba la Porter in stock now. If you can't find it any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Please go follow my media company page on all of its flat platforms that she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked. The link is pinned in the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. Lakers beat the Nuggets. 1 21 0 8. Win their third straight game during the five game home stand yolk. Jamal Murray was out.


LeBron Ruy was out. Luca 31 points nine rebound seven assists. Luca is his 230 point game. He had a 20 point quarter and a 20 point half woo. So he had it going early. Austin Reeves had it going early. Ocho I mean for the like the first quarter they could not miss a three. They had 45 points Yeah. In the first quarter. Stepped off the gas a little bit in the, in the second quarter. Let him get back into the ball game. Stepped on the gas again on the third quarter. Blew the game open. I think the, the nugget scored 31 32 points in the third quarter. Fourth quarter. But it wasn't nearly enough yolk. Excuse me, Luca, 31 points nine, rebound seven assists his 230 point game.


Officer Reeves had 22.8 assist. But I thought the Lakers played really good. Well, they set the tempo early. They didn't play down to the level of competition, nor it two of their best players without, sometimes you get that Ocho, the Warriors made that mistake the other night. Look, dad, like, oh, Murray not playing right. Oh, yolk not playing. And the next thing You know, you find yourself with a l hung on you. But watching the game Mocho what you thought about the Lakers and how they look tonight. I mean, it was impressive. It was very impressive. Not only did Luca come out and set the tone in the first quarter with 22 in the first quarter, actually he set, Luca set the tone for the game with what he did in the first quarter. Coming out with 21 points in the first half in the, in the first quarter.


And everybody, everybody played. Well, most of the time on what happens is when you play a team that doesn't have a player like Murray playing and the other joke, how you say, what's his name? Joker Milk. Loki. Okay. Yoic. Yoic. I don't know why I keep calling him Joker. Yoic playing. You play down to your competition most of the time you end up losing. It's similar to how the, how the Warrior did the other night. But obviously the, the Lakers didn't do that. They did slow down at some point, but it wasn't enough for the Nuggets to get back in the game and they eventually ended up winning the game. So, I mean, it was a good game. Obviously the, the superstars are out. You would've liked to have seen Rs playing Ann Murray, LeBron Healthy Luca playing just to see a team at full strength to see what the game would've been like.


Yeah, I I thought the Lakers, I thought jj JJ had a good game plan, but when the shots were playing, damn. The game plan. Yeah, I thought they moved the ball early. I think sometimes the Lakers get careless. There are times, look, you just have to accept right. Luca is gonna try some things. I mean he's going outta battles and he tries to throw a pass behind his back turnover. And that allowed, that's what allowed the, the Nuggets to get make this run. They started turning the ball over in the second quarter. Oh What he did, what he did going outta what He going outta bounds and trying to throw the behind his back to a guy right there in front the basket. I was like, Lord have Mercy Lu. But that's Luca, you have to accept the good with the bad. Right. Because listen, that's his game. That's what he, that's how he plays and, And you gotta think about it.


You have to be willing to roll with that. You Gotta think about it when it come to him. Now you do some things you don't like. You have, you gotta accept the good with the bad, but there's more good than bad when it comes to him when he is playing. Yeah, for sure. Ar man ar has been great. I I like this game. But you could tell And you look at him from the time he got there to where he is now. Yeah. He's, he's immensely better. You could tell he is a student of the game. You can tell he put time in on his game. You can tell that it's important to him. And that's what I like to see. Regardless of the sport you play, it needs to mean something to you. Right. You gotta want to get better. You can't rest on your laurels. Yeah. He got a three year contract, probably paid him like 13, $14 million.


He said, nah, I want one of 'em big daddies. Yeah. I want one of them two hundreds. Yeah. And he going to get it and he would've earned it. Yeah. He would've earned it. And you see why the Lakers were so unwilling to part ways with him. Everybody in every trade always tried to include him in the la a lot of trades broke down because the Lakers were unwilling to park ways with him. Yeah. They saw the improvement. They saw the match, the, the maturation getting better from the three, getting better at finishing at the rim. Got Niles handles. He's putting the ball on the floor, got the nice snatch pool. He's really, he's turned himself into an all star caliber player. And I understand that there are a lot of great guards and You know, you gotta get back Steph.


And you got Ja And you got Shea Gils And you got Harden, you got some and Kyrie you got some really good guards in in in the Western conference. Right. But man, the way he's playing, he's an Allstar caliber. You know, he's the Allstar caliber player. Yeah. And he can handle the ball. LeBron has trusted him for a very, very long time. If you go back and look at that, that Memphis Grizzly series, he actually won him a game. LeBron's like, Nope, don't give the ball to me. You take it. Go win the game for us. And he's done that. So I, I just love the way he's improved, how he's gotten better. And this Laker team, I I think they get healthy. I think they can be dangerous. I still think they're big short.


Right. But hey, we'll see what, we'll see what happens when the rubber needs to meet the road. Yeah. We listen, You know, the game of basketball very well. So does everybody else, everyone else with the knowledge of the game of basketball has said the same thing about the Lakers. They don't have a big, You know, to compete in order to go as far as you need to go, you're gonna have to have a big, and they, they just don't have it. But we can, we can see what they, we, we, we gonna, we gonna see what they can do with that two headed mustard. Once, once LeBron comes back, we'll see what happens. Well 'cause they're gonna be small. Once Jackson Hayes goes outta the lineup. They're small. Yeah. I mean Kaloko, he's okay. Yeah. A little small height.


Okay. Height's fine. But he just don't have enough bricks in his back pocket. And so they, You know, people can just uproot him and just move him off and move him off the spot. On the spot. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, I mean, and there gonna be some times that probably LeBron's gonna have to slide to the five. Ooh. And You know, I mean 'cause really if you really fake about it, there's not a whole lot of guys that have, You know, Rudy Gobert is not gonna cause you any damage. Right. Basically, You know, they got hard and Stanley, they got Chad Hogan. But when you look at Memphis, Zach, Edie, he's just a big body. He just sits screams and stuff like that. Yeah. Taking Up space to the basket. Yeah. Taking us space. Yeah. So you look at the teams now sung now he can be a problem for the rockets.


Yes sir. Yeah, he's an all star. He's an all star. Poor reason. But like I said, I like the Lakers. LeBron gets healthy. Luca is Luca come playoff time. He has the high third high scoring. No, he has the second high scoring average and playoff history. With that being said, LeBron healthy. LeBron is a top five in playoff history as far as scoring. They can do some damage. Right. But I just wish they had another big, I don't know why they signed Alex Lin. Hey, Hey uncle, you ain't been too high on Brother Lin. Babe. You you, what's wrong with Brother Lin? He, he, he, he's about, he's probably about 35 days away from being the tallest coach in history.


That that's his next profession. It ain't gonna be in the NBA. It is gonna be coaching basketball somewhere. Maybe high school. Aren Joe the Vikings are set to roll with JJ McCarthy. Thank, thank you. Do not pursue Aaron Rogers. Thank you. The Vikings have rejected multiple trade calls for JJ McCarthy telling other teams they're moving forward with him as their quarterback. The team plans to add a veteran, but they're not pursuing Aaron Rogers at this time. McCarthy now enters the off season S QB one. That's A, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. And listen, I don't like the way Aaron Rogers is, is using the leverage, using his past, his accolades, his resume and what he's done in the past.


The whole team steadily at hostage. Now, some of the reports might come, they hold Him hostage, move on. Oh, well They, you, they're allowing him just like Green Bay allowed him to do all the things that he did. They're the jets allowed. Right. Green Bay allowed it. The Jets allowed it. Just move On. And you, that's, that's exactly what they should do. Now this is what I like about Minnesota. The reports came up. They, the reports came out about Minnesota obviously being in the hunt trading for him and what they did right away, it ain't even been two days. Oh, we gonna nix that real quick. We don't have time to play them games with you. So obviously you haven't learned your lesson with the last two places you've been to. 'cause now here you go, tell the other team you're not sure on what you wanna do yet.


Having them wait using the leverage that you do have, the little bit of leverage you still have through play games. I'm glad that Minnesota Vikings came out and said what they said, they're going forward with JJ McCarthy because you drafted him for a reason And you, you understand what he can do, especially with the supporting Cassie has around him. 'cause you saw what Sam Donna was able to do. He wasn't able to do it with the Jesse. He wasn't able to do it with the Panther. But all of a sudden he comes to Minnesota and he has a career year. And that's this time for j JJ McCarthy to step up and do the same damn thing. And that's what he probably going to do because what he has around him is very, very special. Yeah. Well, you gotta find out what if the guy can play or not Ojo. Well, he, I mean mean you keep kicking the, can you keep kicking the can down the road? No.


Yeah. But listen, even if he couldn't play, we didn't think Sam Donna would play anyone with the jet. We didn't think he was, he could play when he was with the Panthers, but all of a sudden, magically he turned the goddamn Houdini over there in Minnesota. But we saw what he looked like the last two games of the season. Oh yeah. Because see there's this thing called expectations. Yeah. You tell me because think about what you just said. You didn't think Sam Donald was gonna do that. Nobody thought Sam Donald was gonna do that. Right. Until expectations came along. And then expectations came along. Oh, we gotta get the number one seed. And then what happened? Oh, we're in the playoffs. Then what happened? He turned back into Sam Darnell. You see, expectations is the number one killer of goals and dreams. Yeah. Because the moment someone expects something of, see that's the only way you can hurt me, Ocho Hey, you got, If I don't expect anything, if I'm in a relationship and I'm just casually, I don't expect nut Hey, you do you I'm gonna do me.


It's the moment we have expectations in each other. See that it bothers me. That it hurts me if you do something that I don't agree with. See what I mean? So the Vikings started to have expectations. We started to have expectations for Sam Donald. And you see what happened. Now, now you, you, you, you was preaching a little too fast. Now I'm not sure the people in the chat, I'm not sure the people in the chat didn't catch that. But that was a moment, that was a moment a lot of people might've missed because we're talking about football. But that's something that could apply to life that I think a lot of people missed. But I didn't miss it because soon as I heard it, You know, I keep that thing on me. Yeah. You keep it all you Expectation. Now bring that to me again and I gotta write it down. Now, when it get to the end of the year, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take all these quotes that I wrote down.


Yeah. And I'm gonna make a Nightcap booklet called on Quotes so that people can apply it to life. Expect but expectations. Just give it to one more. Yeah. Yeah. It's the number one, it's the number one killer of dreams and goals. Ugh. Because here's the thing, Ocho Sam, Donald, nobody, because they're like, man, he was terrible with the jets. Yeah. Well, he was terrible with Carolina. Well, we didn't get an opportunity to see him really? Right. At Sam Fran. Right. So everybody was expecting, remember the last two stops that they saw him, that he wasn't that good. Right. Okay. So now he doesn't have any expectations. The more you win, the more expectations come along with that.


So now, the last couple of games of the season, ocho, we got opportunity to get the number one seed. Right? Boom. Oh, we are the playoffs now, don't matter, blah, blah, blah, boom. Yeah. And You know that a, that that playoff atmosphere is different. Now that's a whole different ball game than playing for sure. Than playing in, in, in the, in the regular season. Regular season. He looked phenomenal. Yes. It's a different type of pressure. Again, the one, the one word expectation that comes Yes. That comes with being the quarterback. Especially, especially in that type of situation. So I kind of, I kind of understand in the team you are playing or had to play.


Yeah. Eh, yeah. But that's what, that's what happens when you have expectations ojo, like I said, and I like to equate things to relationships because most of the people, especially not Chad, it's been a relationship. Can't relate to it. Yeah. Yeah. It's the moment you have expectations. You see when a couple's in a re at marriage Mm. There's an expectation. Mm. You are gonna be faithful. I'm gonna be faithful. Oh, I'm gonna protect you. You're gonna protect me. Come on now I'm gonna honor the vows that we stood before God and we swore to each other. Now I have that expectation. But hey, if you say, Hey, what you doing tonight? I, I ain't gonna be able to see you tonight.


And everybody, there's like, there's no expectations. Right. I have no obligation. You have no obligation to me. I see you when I see you. Yeah. Holler when I holler. Hey, You know what I don't like about, You know what I don't like about the analogy and the explanation that you're giving right now is the marriage one normally doesn't work. But the one where there no expectations, hell you beran you be, you be you be sneaky links or whatever you wanna call it. Yeah. For years and years and years and years. All the way down the line. Because there are no expectations. So there's no failure or anything to ever end. Only, but here's the hair's, the sneaky part, the Ocho way to get you, you see the number one, the number one.


Cause that call will cause a relationship to end is uncommunicated expectations. You see Ocho she expected you to get her flowers And you didn't get 'em. Why didn't you tell me you wanted flowers? You expected her, she expected you Ocho to plan this vacation. Right. You didn't know she wanted to go on a vacation. Uncommunicated expectations. I like that. She ocho thought that, You know what? And she gonna do this thing for father's Day, we going to do it up, blah, blah, blah. She didn't do it. You see uncommunicated expectations. But again, yeah, uncommunicated. But what's the end part? Expectations. I like that. I haven't heard, I even, I haven't even heard that word before.


Not used. Not used in this context and actually used together un uncommunicated expectations. Yes. I like that. That, that, that new. That's that new For me. You see, she has an expectations, but she didn't communicate them with you. Right. You have an expectation, but you didn't communicate them with her. So those uncommunicated expectations. And what happens a lot of times people have what we call impulsive personalities. They hold things, hold things, hold things. There's only so much you can hold before it explodes D term. Oh, he went postal. Yeah. Boom. And so now, instead of just saying, well, You know, Chad, I thought that we were gonna do this, right?


No one month go by, two months go by, three months go by. Well God, me, four months go by and it's building. Wait months. You don't know. It's not been communicated. So you don't know. It's building. It's building it's building. Boom. Then it blows. Yeah. You been with me all this time. You should have known. You see how many times you heard that Ocho? All the time. You know what I like? Yeah. All, all the time. All the time. Because you've been with 'em a certain amount. You've been with someone for a certain amount of time. Ain't no woman all the time. Oh, I know you real well. I know you real well. I knew what you was gonna say. You can say something, huh? Yeah. You can finish this sentence for you, but all of a sudden, when it come to certain stuff, oh, you didn't want to let me know.


I didn't know you wanted that. I ain't know. I didn't know you wanted. Oh, you can't read my mind. I threw you hints. I gave you a sign. A few, I gave you a sign a few weeks ago. A sign. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. In the commercial. I missed, I mentioned it when it came on tv. Yeah. I missed a sign God gave me. Just see what you want. You, you should have told say, should say, I missed a sign that God gave me. I should have left your ass alone about six months ago. I missed that sign. But yeah. But then, and that's, and and that's the thing. I, I just think, You know, sometimes we, we we take for granted and you've been in a relationship, just tell me. Yeah. I'm, I I'm, I'm very, I'm I'm one of these guys on your just tell me.


Yeah. If you want to do something, tell me I don't have time. I got too much ish on my plate. Yeah. To try to try to figure out what you want. You can just open your mouth and say, if you want to go here, say that. Right. If you want to eat that, say that. If you want this, say that. But to got me, You know, You know what to talk about. You know what to talk about on them shows Uhoh what the, What they gotta do with this, What that gotta do with you telling me what you would like to do. And so I I I think the thing is for the, the, the Vikings, they have an expectation now.


They see their offense. Yeah. They realize that, hey, Jetta's gonna be Jetta. Hawkinson has been a Pro Bowl player, Addison. A the more opportunities we give him, the better he can be. Yeah. Absolutely. Offensive line. Maybe they add a piece to the offensive line, but other than that, yeah. I I, I, I think you, you, you owe, I mean, you draft a kid when you drafted him and now you, you, you keep kicking the can down the road. Can't do that. And, and he is like, hold on, what I gotta do. You took me, you told me I was the guy and now I get hurt. Okay. I get that. I understand that I got hurt. There's nothing I can do about that Ocho. Right. But then I come back and y'all got another guy. You telling me I gotta, I gotta wait another Year.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did that. That was, that would bother, that would bother anybody. Especially a quarterback that got drafted where he got drafted, expected to start, but due to injury, he had a small setback. And now you've done all the work you need to do during the season last year to get yourself back, not only in playing shape physically and mentally, but now you talk about bringing somebody else in another veteran presence and telling me I gotta take a backseat again. Yeah. Wait a minute, wait a minute. What, what, what are we talking about here? Yeah, so I'm go, I'm happy for him. I'm glad that the organization decided to hurry up and ns the rumors that were out there about Aaron Rogers coming in and let JJ McCarthy give him that sense of security mentally so he can go forward and know he's quarterback one and doesn't have to look over his shoulder.


I Agree.


This is Ashley Neddy from the Ben and Ashley. I almost famous as podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh. Yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming Tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced over clocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com


15 T-Mobile. Well this is what Cam ha Cam Heyward. The, the, the great defensive tackle for the Pittsburgh Steelers was asked if he'll be doing any recruiting to help bring Rogers to Pittsburgh. I ain't doing none of that Darkness retreat.


I don't need any of that crap. If you want to be a Pittsburgh Steeler or you don't. That's simple. That's the pitch. Yeah. If you want me to recruit, that's recruiting. Pitch Pittsburgh Steelers. If you want to be a part of it, so be it. If you don't, no skin off my back. Hey on. There are certain teams, you look at the logo and the helmet, they don't need no help. Right. They don't need no recruiting pitch. The product sells itself. Again, I always use that. I use, I always use that example of Blue Magic in the movie American Gangster with Denzel Washington. The product sells itself. The Steelers historic franchise. Them stars on the side of the helmet. It sells itself. The other franchise things are bigger in Texas.


The product sells itself. You don't need to do anything for it. You don't have to recruit nobody. You don't have to, you don't have to sell nobody nothing. Because it sell itself. That wouldn't be a recruitment ojo. That would be begging. And that's what he wants. Thank you. I li I Like that. 'cause what did the, I like that. What did the Jets do? The Jets got on a private plane right? And flew to him. Yes sir. I mean, Joe, I don't know if you saw this, but I had young Miami on the podcast. Hey, Hey on. Well I saw you shooting, boy. Hey listen, You know, lemme tell you something, boy, you were shooting And you were shooting 70% from the field that night. Ain't no 70%. Ain't no 70%. Don't do that.


I seen you blushing baby. And You shooting. Nah, I wasn't shooting. Hey. Nah. Yeah, you shooting. I'm just having, I'm just having great conversation. That's all Though, Joe. Yeah. That You know, when you, You know, when you in conversation that's called shooting. Now, depending on what you say, it ain't what you said. How you say it. That's all about your delivery baby. You was on point. You was On point. But, but let them tell it. I was shooting at cash do, I was shooting at Amber Rose. I was shooting that young man. No, No, no. I was shooting, I was shooting at Kiki. Unc I was shooting, I was like, with Dave, I was shooting that like, Dave, Can I have a conversation? Well, UNC this was a little different. Now you didn't shoot at cast dog. You didn't shoot at nobody else. Now this, it's this the conversation and the energy and the aura and the, the, the chemistry in what you can't see. You can't see it because you actually in the room.


See, I'm not in the room with you. Huh? Yeah. I can see, I can see the heap coming off the couch. You hear me? I can see the connection and the chemistry. Now I'm not, I'm talking about the type of chemistry when you play Twister, that kind of chemistry where they say red And you gotta cross over. You hear me? Yeah. I seen it. Now you can't see it. So it's, it's, it's my dude. Just I've Been in the Room. Listen, I know you're in the room. That's why you can't see it now. So I'm trying to tell you what I saw. Huh? Your wifi was on point. I'm talking about every, every bar was there. It was there, it was a connection. There was chemistry. You can't see it. Okay. So I And you do with that what you will and what you make. I ain't do nothing with it. I'm not doing anything. We we're happy. I'm, I'm 1000. Okay. I I I, for me, right.


I I, I couldn't in good conscience. Right. It's al it would be almost like I'm a therapist and some lady comes and talk about a problem and then I end up sleeping with her. Or if I'm a, I'm a lawyer and I have a client. Right. And I know she's, she's, she's vulnerable. Right. Right. Nah, just having a conversation. I mean, I love the fact lemme see Ahead. Lemme see what you, You know, this is, it is the problem. This is the problem with, this is what happens when it comes to us. When, when it comes to us, our people, we overthink things. We overthink things and we try to analyze them and, and we put things in our head with a scenario like you just did Now you just said a scenario. You gave a narrative that fit the way you thought.


This individual is based on a situation that you created. Now see, God always has a plan for us. And he puts people in our life in certain situations. And you are missing your blessing. That could be Now Young Miami chose to come do Club Shaha and sat down with you. Yes. Now that could have been a aside. I'm grateful for every guest. Yeah. Now listen, that could have been a sign from God. You never know. Now, what I saw when I watched the interview, I say, but this is more than just a talk. This is more than just a conversation. Now I can see the energy. I can see the aura. I can I can see the, the, the, the, the chemistry on camera. Now you can't see it. And I'm telling you again. Now listen to me when I talk to you, 'cause I wouldn't tell you and I wouldn't steer you wrong.


'cause this wheel, the wheel over here, Jesus got this one. Okay. I'm telling you, I'm not telling, I'm not telling you to make no moves. I'm just telling you, I, I, I can see it and I'm not. Oh. Oh, Joe. I know, I know, I know. We got people watching. You really wanna say nothing now because No, No, no, no, no, no. It's not, it's not that. Now people watching, it's just like you heard what she said. Man, guys show ocho, guys showing up with crock birkins. Yeah. We use, hold on. First day. Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on That. Now you just talked about, I want somebody, you talked about wave just the other night. Now you talked about Birkins and gwas. Now this is right up your alley about what you, what you were talking About?


Ocho. Ocho. That's a buildup. She said Birkins now is a starter pack. Right. I'm thinking lb I'm thinking Gucci. YSL I'm thinking Dior. Right. She say Birkins Crock Birkins. Right. That's a starter pack. Right. Guys buying Jeep. Man. Man, come on man. Y'all, y'all know man. You, first Of all, you say you want him young. Huh? Didn't I tell you? Didn't I tell you? You got to evolve. This is what you gotta deal with. You want when you want him young. Huh? Wait, not Only that, there's certain other areas. Huh? You gonna have to, you gonna have to listen. You gonna have to update your resume. Well, I'm gonna have to go, I'm gonna have to, lemme tell you what I'm gonna have to do. I'm gonna have to start going to church and get me somebody with a hat sitting.


They sitting in the deacon s corner. You got me sitting bad. I ain't got no bread. Like I can't, Hey, Uhuh, I ain't me. I tell you, I tell you what, I tell you what I'll tell you What, what? Now if you, if you, if you do me a solid And you do me a favor, young Miami, You know, that's my sister. Now, You know, she from Miami, she's from Dade County. Now I thought what she, okay, I'm I'm just making sure, You know, that's why I'm vouching for, that's why I'm vouching for sister, where I'm, yeah, No, I look, I know, I know, I know, I know. You're trying to keep it professional. I'm, I'm, no, but I, but I like the fact, I like the fact that they come in and they open up and we have a conversation. Right. And we just be talking. I mean, look, I, I, I mean I had a great conversation because like I said, I, I had no, I didn't ever think I would even meet any of these people.


Right. So to, for me, I'm like, like, man, I can't believe you sitting across from me. Right. That's how I look at 'em. I don't, I don't like, okay, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me try to throw a question here and try to get slick with it. Now. I don't, I ain't trying to do That. Man. You've got, see, you got to do that. You got to say the things you're saying right now, I'm saying the things I'm saying that you can't say that you might be thinking. See that's what me being your other half is supposed to do. I'm supposed to be able to see things that you can't see and then relate what I see that you should do. But you don't wanna do it because you keep a, you keeping a certain level of professionalism. Not even, even knowing the blessing. I gotta be professional in your face At all times.


Now, lemme tell you what I'm gonna do. Now you talk about, you understand the re the, the, the prerequisites when it comes to dealing with her now. Yeah. If you wanna lead up with one of them, crocked Burkins, I've seen your 5,200 to speed up the process. No, send me that card. That's what you owed me. Not because that gonna be a down payment on the damn bag. Send me that because that's what the hell you owe me, Jack. Y'all hear this man, this bag talking about owe. If you going get a crock burkin, I seen you 5,200 on it. How you gonna send me money? How you going to talk about, you gonna send me something on it? What? You owe me that? Hey, hey, hold on. Lemme give you a prime example before we move on to the next topic before we move on to the next topic.


Understand the professionalism and what you carry yourself. The structure and discipline and everything that you do. That's what I love about you. That's why we work so well. 'cause I'm the complete opposite. Yeah. So yeah. I'm gonna give you a small example. Okay? There Was a movie that came out not too long ago when, ah, what's the lady's name? Jennifer Anderson. Jennifer Anderson was dating Brad Pitt. They were a couple. They were together and all of a sudden Brad Pitt went off. Yeah. Mr. Mr. Smith. Yeah. Brad Pitt went off to do a movie with Angelina and Jolie. With Angelina Jolie. Mr. Mr. Smith. Yes. Okay. Okay. You hear, you see where I'm going with this. So listen, it don't matter what you got going on in life, sometimes God puts you in situations.


In this case happened to be club shake. She with a sit down with Brother Shannon Sharp and Isha in a situation. To me, it was to me, from the outside looking in, regardless of the pro professionalism that you're trying to instill and carry, because you have to, I saw a situation like that. Brad Pitt, an Angelina Jolie, the chemistry, it was just undeniable. And that's what I could see from afar where I was at. Now you do with that again. Now you do with that what you will and what you may, I'm just speaking my piece and if I didn't tell you as your other half, I wouldn't be your friend.


But that's okay. Appreciate we can, we can go, we can go onto the next topic. Speaking of Pittsburgh ni g Harris says there is a lack of leadership with the Steelers. We just didn't know anything on offense really. We didn't have any identity. We had a young guy coming in at coming in at qb. I really didn't have nobody to almost learn from on the offensive side. You like that he's saying that O Joe. I mean, at the runup at the, at the run back position and saying that you don't have anybody to learn, You know, at that specific position. I, I I I don't really like that. Okay. I, I, I personally don't because there's so many resources.


Once you're in that atmosphere that you can learn from, where it doesn't have to actually be a person right there outside of your head co teaching you, because there's so much you can learn on your own. They, they have film, they have votes, they have man go gods of of footage and stuff. You can, you can learn. Right. You know? Yeah. And, and to say something like, and to say something like that with the tutelage that you're getting at the organization you're at, how could you even say something like that? Look at all the backs that have come through there. Yeah. But they weren't there. They were, the veteran leadership wasn't there when he got there. That's the thing that I'm very appreciative of. I had a guy, even though he was a year older than me, Steve Atwater Right. Than how to be professional.


I had Dennis Smith who had been there since 1981, who said, this is how you do things. This is how you be professional. You be punctual, you be on time, you practice hard. I saw John, I saw all those guys. The veteran guys and how they do things. Yeah. Okay. Me now Ocho I got the younger guys coming in. Right. That's my job for Burns foot. Rod Smith. Right. The other guys td chalk guy. How now I go to Baltimore now, the other younger guys, some of the younger guys, the Rays and think Todd Heath. Yeah. That's what you do. That's, I think that's what he's talking about. Yeah. I think now I don't wanna put words in his mouth, guys. Yeah. But I think that's what he's talking about.


Like how to be professional, how to make sure I practice doing everything that I possibly can to make sure that I'm maximizing my time here. And I'm very, I'm very grateful that I got to Denver. I had guys, look, there are guys that wanted to party. I know that's not why I was there. Right. Maybe Ocho, had I been a first or second round pick, maybe I would've partake. Probably not because that's never been my mo. Right. But knowing that I'm on thin ice and I see Atwater and I see Dennis Smith and I see those other guys, John and I see the way they're doing things. I say, You know what? Yeah. I kind of, I I need to be, I I need to be in that group. Mm.


Listen, I, IIII understand it and I, I truly don't understand where he's coming from in a sense, because obviously you understand what it took you to get here. Right. It's NFL. Yeah. Najay, Najay. You've been dreaming about this since you was a little shorty since you were a little kid. This was a dream of mine. You have finally reached that pinnacle of reaching what you've always dreamed of. Then you, not only that you part of historic franchise, the Pittsburgh Steelers. I'm not getting somewhere and worried about veteran leadership. When I understand the work it took me to get here, I'm already aligned with the end goal. All my, all my goals reset themself once I make it.


I'm not worried about no veteran leadership. I know what I need to do based on the goals that I set for myself personally. It don't matter who's in the room. It don't matter who was there before me. Yeah. That shit I need to get done and I got the focus and everything I do has to align with my end goal regardless of whether I have a veteran presence or not. At my Pacific position, I wanna be one of the best to play this game ever. You talking about no veteran leadership. Look at the players that came before you that played the exact position. The Jerome Bees, the Willie Parkers. I mean I'm you I'm sure you're gonna the the James call. Yeah. But I need them there though. Ocho Yeah. I now so you talking about pro, You don't a pro, A pro is the occupation in which you do it.


Right? That's a professional, a pro is how you go about that. You see it out And you see the difference between college and pros. What do they do? They get your ass up. They make sure you go to study hall. Yeah. They make sure you do X, Y and Z. They make sure you in the weight room. Who does that? When you go to the NFL? Oh. You and I, I, it helps, it helps when you see somebody that, that's a pro. Yeah. Because once you get there, we're all professionals. But to be a pro, it's something to be said for me. Not just me now, hey every to each his own. Hey. But there's something to be said for me to have veteran. I remember Mark Jackson would take me up on his wing and say, Hey, hey, You know, I see you ran that route, but I'm not so sure how to run it like that because blah, blah, blah, X, y, z.


I said, okay, I appreciate that man. Yeah. He pulled me to the side. Hey, hey, threaten that guy a little bit more. Hey, you, you got your head around a little too far. Stuff is is little stuff like that Ocho Yeah. I i that you, I mean you stuff that you can't see. Yeah. Because you used to get a ojo. We used to used using God give ability, getting open. Yeah. It take more than that in the FL. Yeah. Yeah. Because all them got God give a God touched all them. Yeah. I I got you. I I understand it now. I wish I could told it Naja to get, get, to get better context and get a little bit more in depth on what he means by it. And maybe I'm thinking a little different because of of my approach. I wouldn't worry about no better leader leadership. I understood, okay, I finally got here. I know what my goals are and make sure everything I do are going to align with the angle goal to make sure I, I become at some 0.1 of the best ever played.


Not just for the Bengals, but to play in the history of this game in general. I'm gonna leave my imprint whether people like me or not. Then I think about also hell for the people in the chat. Huh? No better leadership. Where did I stay the first two years of my, in the NFL where I live at? Yeah. And I'm locked. I'm locked in. I don't care who's there. I know what I got to do. I know what it takes to make sure I'm able to be consistent. This has a jo. Yeah. You know what? I might not have better impressions, but I'm gonna do the things I think I need to do to make sure I give them the best of me.


Giving you the best of me. You Know, a part of me. I think, I think nine G doesn't feel like the Steelers really appreciated him. Yeah. Because a guy that's just barely rushing for a thousand yards is not gonna get the appreciation like a saquon. Right. Like a Derrick Henry. Like these guys rushing for 14, 1500 yards. Right. He's never had less than a thousand yards rushing, don't you? But he's not spectacular. You don't look at him like, oh my God. You don't think that every when he gets the ball, see, at least like Saquon gets the ball. You think, man, he might hit his head on the goal pole. Yeah. Or or Derrick Henry going to end the game with 150, maybe 200 yards. That's not what you get from him.


I thought he's a a good back. Don't even, I don't think he, I don't think he changes life. Nah. He's not a guy that's gonna change your life. Yeah. For me now in college, he was sensational. Yeah. He, he he'll be. I like he a bell cow. Three three down back. I, I like him.


This is Ashley ti from the Ben and Ashley. I almost seen this podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh. Yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced over clocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com. Lenovo Lenovo A 15 Tmobile


O Joe Jamar was not Jamar Chase signed this deal. Yeah. T Higgins signed this deal. They had their press conference. Yeah, we, rich Jamar was not happy with the reporter calling T receiver number two. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. We were to leave. You would've probably been a wide receiver one when you see it put out there that you're the highest paid wide receiver two. How does that one a you're saying was put out by fixing it one A. Yes sir. You know, bro, I don't even look at it like that. You know what I mean? I kind of wish they wouldn't have put it out there like this. So, 'cause now it's, that's why everybody saying I'm the highest paid too. You know, let's just say I'm at a place where, You know, they value me and You know, they respect me and I just, I'm, I'm a good player here.


So let's, let's just say that that's not the highest receiver too or anything like that. You know what I mean? So let's just say he's another great receiver bingo receiver that, You know, that puts in the work and, and got his head down and just grinds. So, I mean, re report Oh, Joe Report. I've been saying it for a very long time. Huh? I've been saying it for a very, every, very long time. Every time I talk about the Bangals Duo, I say it all the time and I've been saying it for a very long time. You and I even went back and forth about it, You know, continuously on here. I said he's a wide receiver one that just happened to be on a, on a team with another number one. Yeah. There are a few instances, a few, a few other teams that also benefit, benefit from this situation.


I'm not sure what the reporter is doing and the reporter who understands the game of football and is being able to watch t and Chase together should know that no better. That he's a one. If he were to leave there, he would've been paid as a number one because that's exactly what he is. It just so happens he have Jamar Chase on the other side of him. But anyway. Well, We look at, we look at, we, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. When Pastor Tain lined up, who Pastor Tain going to, he going to Chase or he going to t Higgins? If, if he's following, he's going to chase. Okay. SA Gardner Stingley. If he's following, he going, he's going to chase.


So why would they, I I under, I I understand what you're saying, right, But because that, that, that's the thing. Now Ocho right? Len, it used to be no QB one. Right. It was the star of the quarterback, right? It was no qb, it was no wide receiver. Wide receiver one, right? It was, it was wide receiver. It was Michael Vis turn sharp, right? Jared, Wright, Randy, blah, blah, blah, Keo. Okay, now they got that. Got all these big wide receiver one Receiver. Wait, hold on, hold on. Ain't ain't no all now there only a few teams like that. The Eagle, nobody that's wide receiver one A and one B. The Bengals, that's wide receiver one A and one B. What they did over there with Cooper Cup and pko, that was wide receiver one A and one B. Right now, what they will do is they will take some of your production, your opportunities away from you and make it look like it's something wrong with you and make you look like wide receiver too, when there's really nothing wrong with you if you understand the business and how they work your ass up out of there.


But let me, this is why I look at it. Ocho Talk to me. Why didn't they give, if, if, if Jalen Waddle was the, the equivalent of Tyreek, why didn't they give him the same type of money that he gave Tyreek? If Devonte Smith was the same, was the equivalent receiver. So why did they give t Higgins 40 million? Wait, You know, You know you can't work, you can't work like that. Now come on, Don. Don't do that. I I'm just, he he, he wide receiver one wide receiver one get wide receiver, one money, Right? Yeah. Listen, we, we can, we, we can, we can argue, we can, we, we can argue, we can argue two it, but listen, normally, normally when we talk about wide receiver one and we talk about wide receiver two, there is an enormous drop off in skill and talent. Enormous. Now you got two receivers that get it done.


Totally. Two totally different ways. You got some Finish saying, are you saying, are you saying there's no drop? Hold on, I wanna make sure I, there's a Drop off. I said enormous. No, no, No extravagant, extravagant drop off from your one And you two. There's a reason the person is a one and there's a reason the other person is a two. Now you got two, let me finish. You got two receivers. Okay. That are really, really good at what they do. High points, short, intermediate, long balls. Now both of them do all of 'em really well, but I think the one of the few things that Chase might have on Run after the catch on On, yeah. Is that goddamn run after the catch. My God, I, that's also because Chase his background, I'm his background and playing, running back when he was younger.


That's why he looked like that. Every time he get the ball, he like a, he like a damn run back. He bouncing off people playing ping pong. I mean, listen, you touch me. I'm going down. You touch me, I'm going down. I'm making a business decision. So I look, I I Get what you're saying. I'm glad he got paid. Yeah, I think he, I think he earned a right. I mean, the way he played, he had been exemplary. Yeah. The whole while there they made him play under the tag. He played under the tag. He ed, but he still had double digit touchdown. He was gonna be well over a thousand yards and so they compensated him. Yeah. I love, I love when teams reward their players for work put in. Now Ocho, I've already paid you for what you've done.


Right, right. Now for me to give you this money, they're not paying, they're not paying Chase for the triple crown. Right. Because they paid him back. They're paying him for moving forward. Yeah. We believe you're gonna put up numbers equivalent to that, if not better. I can't pay, I can't How do I I I paid you, it wasn't like he didn't get a salary Ocho and now we gotta make up for what we didn't give him. He got paid. Right. With that being said, I believe Chase, they believe Chase is gonna put up numbers equivalent to if not better than what he put up last year. Absolutely. So I'm going to pay you accordingly. Yeah, yeah. And that was a good one.


And he's earned it. Yeah, absolutely. Gee, he's earned it. I'm glad he didn't have to go. I'm glad he didn't have to go to get some. Yeah. Because so many times we see guys put oh, put the work in, put the work in, and then the guy go somewhere else to get, get rewarded, get to get the appreciation that I should have got from the club that drafted me. Yeah. You thought enough of drafted me. You know, that's why I tell people a lot of times what I love Dan, by Dan Reeves, he was smart enough to draft me, but somehow forgot to cut me the Bengals. Oh, you you really loved t you did your homework. Yeah, you took him in the second round, but now he give you all those great years And you wanna let him, you gonna let him move on. Right. And you gonna let his, because he ain't in his prime yet.


So now the next four years is really gonna be, You know, it's prime And you gonna let somebody else reap that benefit because you keep Yeah. So I was glad they finally, And you, And You know, You know what the funny thing I think a lot of people haven't talked about they really don't know is the person that's pulling the strings behind closed doors. The person with the power, the person who runs the show and is making the calls is really nine. Yeah, for sure. You know, a lot of people ain't talking about that. We talking about t going here no matter what. I said, no matter what people on ES, espn, no matter what people have said on X or Twitter, for that matter, the person behind the clause, the the closed doors who went up the management and probably said, listen, I don't know what you need to do, do what you need to do with the numbers on my contract or what you need to restructure, but Uno and five, I need that back come hell or high water.


If you Understand Joe, I, Joe and how he conducts his business and the way he goes about it, they, that man, young, young boy ain't playing not by them two, You know what I love Ocho the fact that he was outspoken about it. A lot of quarterbacks like, yeah, we'd love to have him back, but that's not my call, right? Oh, he said, oh, it's definitely the call. He's like, they, they've earned, they, he's like, they've earned, they've earned the right. He and he said the same thing about Trey Hendrickson. It seems like they're a little bit more open to training Trey than, than potentially bringing him back, but that's something we'll discuss at a later date and time. Right. But he came on first take and he was very, Hey, I want them to pay Chase. Chase has earned that. I want them to pay t he's a valuable piece to what we do and I want him back.


Right. None of that. Hey, yeah, we'd love to have him back, but You know, I don't make that decision. I'm just the quarterback. No, no, I, I And so I love, I love that that part about him Ocho a key factor in the Jamar Chase t higgin negotiation with Joe Burrough's influence beyond the public comments, burrow applied private pressure, making it clear deals must get done for both if, since it fell, could have gotten very, very interesting. Yeah. Hey, Listen, I, I, listen, I I'm glad that we just brought that up and I just said it ahead of time. Obviously I wouldn't have said it when, when all this stuff was going on, but if, if, if you understand, I, I, I've watched Joe now for a few years.


I've seen him up in person. I've heard the stories about the way he conducts himself and goes on, goes on about his business and his approach to the game and how serious he takes it. In order to cont in order to continue playing at an elite level, you have to have elite talent around you. And he understand that, especially offensively, in order to keep that going and continue to, to give us a chance offensively to get where we want to go. We already know what the end goal is. Every time you compete And you play on a Sunday in order to get there, especially San Francisco. I need my, I need my two, I need my Uno, I need my five. Now I don't know what we need to do. I I do. I don't know what we need to do upstairs, but we need to make it happen.


Yeah. That's it. I, I think some, I think sometimes their quarterbacks be like, I got my money to hell with the rest of this stuff. I ain't got nothing to do with me. And they, and they take, they That's a cop out Joe. Yeah. It, it's a cop out to say, well, I don't get to make that decision. Yeah, I've heard, I've heard that before. And you, you hear that a lot. I mean, and You know, Joe making 55 me like, y'all f for yourself. No, but he knows a part of him getting that 55 million was, was was one in five. There it is. You said it right there. Now you, you come in there playing around and bring somebody else in and they can't do it one in five. Dude, He understand You don understand you gonna be upset. I mean, he's been be mad. I mean he's pretty much been throwing the chase for what, five years.


Yeah. Had him in college one year, missed him. Yeah. And then picked him right back up. Right up. Yeah. So with that being said, I, I'm glad these guys got it done. Congratulations guys. Well deserved. The Lions have proposed significant change to the NFL playoff seating that will largely use regular season record as a guy, as, as the guiding principle rather than division championships. Mm. Under the proposal, the division winner with the conference best record will still see, will still receive the number one overall seed, but after that, teams would be stacked by their records regardless whether they won the division or receive wild card burns. That approach could significantly, I impact the NFC North, which fielded three playoff teams last season.


The Lions 15 and two, Vikings 14 and three, green Bay 11 and six, the Lions received the number one seed, but the Vikings were seeded number five and the Packers number seven based purely on the record, the Vikings would've been the number three seed. The Packers would've been the number five seed ocho. I don't, do you understand this is an anomaly season? Yeah, yeah. It doesn't happen like this. We've never seen a team, two teams in the same division have this kind of record. Yeah. And what are the chances of it happen again? Huh? What do you think? It's not, it is not likely. Right? It's not like maybe another decade, 20 years, 30 years. Yeah. And listen, one, one thing about it, boy, it was, it was great to see it was entertaining.


It was a very entertaining for that, for that, that, that NFC, but a chance of it actually happening again where you need to have this format even even be put in place. It's not likely as she playing unless you playing a video game. I hate the fact that we take an anomaly And you try to, and make wholesale changes, Right? Because you're trying to make a wholesale change. So what's the importance of of, of, of winning, of winning, winning, winning your division if there's no value out. So if I can't help it that you in that division, right? So if I win my division now you going to punish me because I won my division with 10 wins And you happen to have 13 wins in another division that somebody won 15 games, right?


So why even have divisions? Let's just say, okay, y'all the NFC y'all, the A LC just play and then whoever have the best record, we'll stack it. You don't even need a division because that come now you're telling me the vision's not important, so we gonna ba base it on record, the best overall record you get to buy. Right? The next best record you the two c next best record. We don't need division. Stop trying to stop trying to take isolated incident and make wholesale changes. Changes, right, bro, it's now you making to see like, well, if we weren't the five seeds, we would bro, you, you, you, you bad. You played bad. It's okay.


That's just me. Ocho, farmer bucks offensive coordinator. Byron Lewi is joining Colorado's coaching staff. Coach Pride introduced Lewi to the team. Wednesday, the retired quarterback brings yet more pro experience to the, the board of Colorado, the buffs hired Hall of Fame running back Marshall Faulk in February to coach the running backs Hall of Fame. Defensive tackle is a senior quality control analyst for the defensive side of the football as well. He worked with the D-line. I don't know what happened. I don't, I really don't know what happened. What do you mean in Tampa? Because he went from a guy that had an opportunity to get a head coaching job to being out of the league.


Yeah. Well, Out of the league, We, listen, I'm, I'm not gonna go there by Leftwich was a good quarterback during this time. What he was able to do in, in Tampa with Brady was phenomenal. Obviously being able to coach one of the greatest of all time, if not the greatest Right. Coaches all time. And he called plays. I I thought they one of the guys that called plays O Joe. Yeah, He was. Yeah. Oh yeah. But if, You know, every other quarter, every other, every other offensive coordinator that has every coach, Tom Brady, what has he got in the NFLO Joe Head coaching job?


Charlie Weiss, bill O'Brien, Josh McDaniel, three play callers got jobs. Yeah. One guy, bill O'Brien never won a Super Bowl with him. He lost. He was, he was, he lost this guy won a Super Bowl calling plays. Yep. But You know how they would look at it, they would look at it like Tom Brady regardless to who, who was calling plays for you. You was off, you called him play for Tom Brady. So regardless What was he not, was he not the quarterback for Charlie Rice? Was he not the quarterback for Bill O'Brien? Yeah. Was he not the quarterback for Josh McDaniel? And, and it got so bad. Josh McDaniel got three, got another job.


Hold on. He got the job. Hold on. Ocho, he got the job at Denver. We know what he did. We don't need to bring that up. Got the job at Indy and re and said, You know what, via fax and said, nah, ain't gonna take the job. I'm gonna stay here and then went and got another job. Right. But there's a, there's a difference. You understand what, You know what I'm, I'm not making, I'm making, I'm not making this show about this. I mean, the writing is on the wall. The proof is in the pudding. You can see it for yourself. This ain't the first time this is happening. It's, it is happening continuously over and over and over. I don't need to say it. Open your eyes. Okay. So I'm happy, I'm happy for him though. I'm happy for him.


Oh yeah. I'm, I'm happy for, for him getting the position there. Marshall Folk is there. Obviously Warren Sapp is there. The environment that they're, that Prime is constructing for the players and the young men that are there. Obviously preparing them to be able to play at the level, at the next level if they get a chance or opportunity to make it and, and have them. Obviously the ERs from players that played at the highest level. That, that, that some were e immensely great. Like Prime and Warren Sap And you have some that had good careers, You know, And you rival leverages and he can help the quarterbacks being that not only did he play the position, but he also coached some at the, at, at the best position and also won a ring if I'm not mistaken.


Who, Byron? Yeah. Well they lost that year with the Bucks. No, he, well, he coached what you call him, he Coach Brady? Yeah, that's what I say. They beat, they they beat new, they beat the, the Chiefs in Super Bowl. Oh yeah? Yeah. You got a ring? Okay. Yeah, I'm right. I'm right. Yeah. Yeah. You call the place. Yeah, I, I stand corrected. Okay. No, no, no. Look, guys want to get, they want to get pro ready Quarterback coach. Bat Sheer is the OC Marshall running back. Yeah. Hall of Fame, SAP Hall of Fame, D-line. He can get to the quarterback.


He's put together a great staff guys that if you have the ability now, just 'cause you go to Colorado. If you ain't got the ability to play the NFL, I don't give a damn, I don't give a damn who coaching. Right. If you can do it or you can now, they might help you with some technique and some little stuff, but you got to have the ability to go get it done. Yes Sir. Yeah. Whose house? Prime's house. House Prime shows off his backyard. Ocho check this out. Lemme see it. Lemme see it. Lemme see it. What? Oh, that's, that's the one in Texas, huh? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Be doing too much. I if it, if it wasn't, if it wasn't the later it was, I'm gonna call him. I'm gonna call him tomorrow. Yeah, you do it too much. That's nice. Well, that's nice. And I'ma tell him, I I gonna go fishing it in one of the party before you realize I'm gonna have no face fried up on the, on the bank because he make you throw the fish back on you. I'm gonna fry him up. You do. He make you put 'em back? Yeah. Yeah. He make you put 'em back. He'll let you keep him. That's a good one. That's funny. I, man, and at some point the fish gotta understand what's going on and stop biting on the goddamn line. Unfortunately, they're not gonna be able to do that.


Especially if you catch 'em while they bedding. Oh yeah. Because hey, they beding, Hey, that's free food. Or they try to, sometimes they try to take the and get that outta their bed. Yeah.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with Future Health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. PayPal. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a Pool


when it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming Tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gin Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize gain performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com.


A 15 by T-Mobile. Jaylen Millrose officially Millrose officially runs unofficially. 4 3 7 woo. In the 40 yard Dasher, Alabama product. Woo Ocho, check out this video.


Woo. Hey, I like You. Pick him up. Putting him down, don't you? Hey, You putting him up? Put him down, huh? One foot in front of the other. I don't care. Nothing about that. And for a quarterback, I don't care. Nothing. I saw, I saw the greatest quarterback. Currently run. Five two. Right? Five. Yeah. 5, 2, 5. It, it don't mean nothing, but also being able to run 4, 3, 7, it means something. Especially in today's game with all, with all with all the dual threat quarterbacks that we do have that are elite Allah. Josh Allen, Allah, Omar Jackson. Players that tell me the fastest, Tell me the fastest quarterback they ever won a Super Bowl and the fastest quarterback in the Hall of Fame.


I'll wait. Go ahead. No, no. I mean you right by that. You right by that. But I'm, I'm just, I'm just telling you, I'm giving you a different perspective. I'm giving you a different perspective on how it's helped immensely. Being able to do two things and, and just not be one dimensional. It's okay to be able to have a quarterback that can use his legs. Look at the group leg. Look at the growth of Lamar Jackson. Look where he is now. Look how far he's come. It ain't even about running no more. I'm running Only if I have to because I've become now I'm a pass the, I'm a pass the ball. You know? So, so Brother Mill Mill Monroe.


Being able to run that fast is all, is, is great. It's a good thing. But have you seen what he could do with his arm? Man? Not nearly consistent enough. I knew. I knew. Yeah. Be listen at at at some point. At some point you will be. Now you only, I just Want you to tell me who the fastest guy to ever win the Super Bowl in. The fastest guy in the Hall of Fame. That's all I'm waiting for. I, That's a lot of fast ones in the Hall of Fame. You fast. Who you were there? No, at quarterback. Quarterback. Lemme think. Hold on. Johnny United in the hall of Fame, ain't he? He is. Yeah. Johnny ran four, four In the 20.


That's my consistency. I mean that, that's great. Hey. Oh Shoot. Hey, that Was funny at the end of the day. Ocho. Yeah. Hey, gotta throw it. Alright Ocho, it's time for our last segment of the evening. Wait. Whoa, whoa. We getting off already? Yeah. Sheldon Pope. Oh, no. Time for q and a. Give us, come on. Give us our graphics. We just, we just got on, I done took a five hour nap. I'm Yeah, I got energy And you And you leaving. Sheldon Pope said, oh, you enjoy playing Risa roulette. I did, I did.


See, see, see, see, see, See. I did. It's a good game. It's a good game. I can see how that game can get your ass in trouble. Yeah. Especially you a group. Y'all ride, You know, a ocho y'all, you, you go, you and your buddies and, and y'all and women in some in Vegas or y'all in Cancun or Jamaica. Yeah. Some freaky ish about to happen. Dark Barn. Said, got a question for Ocho in his opinion, who was better bang A receiver duo. Jamar and t or him and tj.


Oh, That's a good one. That's a good one. And, and obviously we didn't throw the ball, is it? We we, yeah. That's a good one. We didn't throw the ball. Yeah, I did throw the ball. Not like that. Man. Stop playing now. You know, we ain't throw the ball like that now. See what, you see what them boys doing today? They, they run a hundred plays and 98 of 'em throwing. You Know? But hey, listen, now you I they do. I I love myself. You do. I love myself and TJ man. I I I love us to death and as much as I, you supposed to Yeah. As much as I love Jamar and t and praise them like I'm a, like I'm a preacher. I will always take me and TJ over there no matter what. And that's what all due, respected what them boys doing and are gonna continue to do with that franchise. But it'll always be me and tj. Boy. Ain't, ain't ain't nothing like that.


Ain't nothing like that. And people wouldn't understand it, especially the younger generation. Unless you were there, you had to be there and would've had to see it live and in person to understand Dr. Frank l Bellamy said speak of church. Oh, the way you were citing job on first take was awesome. You sure you don't want to be a preacher. The pulpit would be rock ocho can ocho could be your deacon. Yeah. Yeah. Well, hey, hey, hey. I put me in the pulpit now. Yeah, Yeah. I, I, when I was a, a little boy, the pastor of the church told my grandmother, say, Mary, that boy has a way with words.


Mm. He said, A lot of people can talk Mary. He said, but very few people can speak. Woo. That boy could speak. And I, You know what I'm saying? I was, I was a kid. I probably was like 10, 11, but to like, like there's nothing like hearing a great speaker to hear, to go back and listen to Dr. Dr. King. Yeah. Just hear him speak to hear Churchill. To hear him speak, to hear JFK and to hear him speak and Takashi Coates to hear him speak.


There's some, there's some people that have a voice and, 'cause there's, in order to be a a, a, a great orator, you must have a cadence. Yeah. There's a sequence that your voice can elevate and rise. I mean, rise and then fall. If you hear, if you hear Dr. King, just listen for the cadence Yeah. In which he speaks. That's everything. You know. You know who else you can hear it in recently Do That in that cadence. Obama do that. Yeah. If you li yeah, if you listen to Obama, you can hear that cadence as well with him when he goes high and goes low and he's able to the, the, the ability to command the ear.


He got it. It's a gift. Yeah. It's a gift. Malcolm X. Yeah. A no rush. 75. No jive. I'm alive nigga. Five J 2 1 3. Hey Uncle Ocho, who is one person dead or alive. You want to sit down and have a conversation with excluding family. Oh, Frank Sinatra. Frank Sinatra. I mean if, if You know me and, and, and my love for, for for the music, the arts and dance and theater and all the things that I like, Sinatra.


But Woody stood for, You know, in a time when you really shouldn't be standing forward if you, if You know what I mean, You know. Yeah. And man, the opportunities that he gave people of color during his time, man Sinatra, I would, I would love. And still to this day, I have, I have an appreciation for him, his music and everything he's done. Not only as an artist but away from, You know, music as well. Some of the things he fought for and the opportunities he gave others refusing to play in certain places unless, You know, who was also afforded the same opportunities in those rooms. Oh man. Sinatra now there's so many other great ones.


Ones I'm just telling you about mine, You know, and then, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh my Goodness. I, I mean for me, probably Dr. King, Malcolm X. Yeah. I, I've always been drawn to people that could, that could speak great. Orators and Prince Prince. Prince. Prince. Yeah. If re who cares? One, two, if Joe going to get hurt. 'cause the Bengals had to get pe ET and Jim roles for the old line and the chief, Hey Winnie, who we got for our whole line Again?


PE teachers and Jim Rose. Hug Ocho. Do the Broncos have the most stacked roster in the a FC West now after free agency, who do you think the Denver is going to want at pick 20? Well, you got your quarterback. Yep. They going, they going receiver. You think so? Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. I I could ab absolutely they gonna they gonna get them play make off that board. Man. I can tell. Yeah, I can tell you that because I Like Sutton. Yeah. I I like Sutton too. I like, I like Sutton. But they, they need, they need another, maybe Get one of 'em tight ends.


Mm. Yeah. Got It. I mean, Omarion Hampton running back North Carolina is what Mark Draft say because they let Javonte Davis go, Williams Javonte Williams Williams. Yeah. Another Carolina kid. Brody Burton. UNC saying this to Ocho, no licking, no sucking toes, no farting around me. Blake of the five Jerry, I Williams say UNC and Ocho. My birthday was yesterday. I'm 45, but I don't look a day over 38. Uriah.


Thank you. Happy birthday bro. Happy birthday. Happy birthday boy. Happy birthday bro. We in the same boat too. Shoot, I don't look a day. I don't look a day over 25 people tell me that all the time in person. Boy, you look so young boy. What's, what's your skincare routine? So I told him I ain't really got nothing. I just eat. Right. I don't know what this is save for tomorrow. Fran Brown makes his player save 40% of. Okay. I was gonna say, what is, what is this? Oh, Okay, okay. Oh yo. So I, I didn't even see that. Say saved for Tomorrow guys. That concludes this at a, oh Joe, it's been a long day for your boy.


Yeah, because I was in, I was in Savannah. We just got back, watched the game. I'm up on a plane again tomorrow morning, car picking me up at five 30. Where you going? I'm headed to Cha I'm headed to Charleston. Okay, okay. What you doing? You got, so you got a liquor signing? Yeah, I'll get back, I'll get, I'll get back tomorrow night and I'll be better 'cause I ain't got anything to do Saturday. I mean Friday. Yeah. So your boy be ready to go, but I gotta get, Hey, I gotta get at least three hours of sleep. Yeah, well listen you now don't be surprised if I pop up on you. One of them sign man. And, and a I was in Miami. You ain't pop up on nothing. Well I wasn't here. I wasn't here then. I'm just saying, I'm just saying, You know, on your little tour if I pop up, You know, in a, in a whole a la Poitier outfit, like a, a costume.


Hey I'm coming to Charleston. Hope they got some good breakfast. Hey somebody leave me something in the chat. Tell me in Charleston where they got a good breakfast. 'cause I want some good old Southern style grits. I want some bacon, I want bacon, crispies, scrambled eggs, You know. Hey, just like that. I mean, I mean I like pancakes but I ain't gotta have them right. Grits, eggs, sausage or bacon. Let your boy know where I need to go. McDonald's Ain't got no damn grits ain. No. Got no damn grits, ain't no McDonald's.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought you by Boost Mobile, your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you guys hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber counts. And we thank you guys for staying up late with us five nights a week during the football season, four nights a week during baseball season. I mean NBA season and three nights even in the off season when there's nothing going on. Thank you guys. 'cause your support is greatly appreciated. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up Tired tonight. Shannon Sharp. Number 85, route run extraordinaire. Bingo, ring of Fame honoree. The Pro Bowler All Pro.


His name hangs up in the stadium. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you go follow my media company, Pedro on all of his platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restock. The link is Pen. At the top of the chat supplies are unlimited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night. Thank you guys again for staying up late with us tonight. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the Cigar game since 1939. With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a Smoke for the big game or Big Win Famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming Tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com. Lenovo Lenovo,


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcast, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.