
This is an iHeart podcast


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you. As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This season, let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you wanna wear on repeat the SW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head your DSW store or visit DSW dot com today.


The volume. We gonna go, I wanna talk about this and then we gonna get off of sports. If we gonna go into something else. You watch baseball? Nah, man, I ain't gonna lie to you. I try to, but I, I just, I can't. Well, I'm, I'm a I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break this down for you. And this is actually like, I can't believe another human being will do this because I'm a compassionate, I treat people how they treat me. You treat me great. I'm gonna treat, treat great. You treat me bad, I'm gonna treat you worse.


But to tell Marta he plays for the Arizona Diamondbacks, right? So during the game, the game is going, I believe he's on deck. He just breaks down and starts crying and nobody knows what's going on. He like what happened, I guess while he was on deck, a fan in the stands that was close enough for him to hear, made a comment regarding his mother. His mother passed away in 2017 and a car accident. And I think he was making fun of him, about his mother passing away. And it just got to him and he broke down into tears.


You jumping in the crowd. No, you jumping in the stands. No, no, I'm not jumping into stands. I mean, I, I, I've had, You know, my, my dad passed away in 2016. And You know, you, you have people that may say something on, You know, Instagram, DM you something, especially once I, I left the distillers, You know, crazy stuff. And it's not, it's not something that I'm going jump to the stands with, but if it's somebody there that's in person, I think that's something that he should have pointed out. Let 'em know. It need to be repercussions and consequences for fans to step too far. You know, you suck and all that other stuff. Yeah, that's part of the game. You know, that's, that's fans ling you and all that. When you get into personal things like that and you're talking about the loss in life of, of a loved one.


Now you done, you done stepped over the boundary. Like that person needed to be pointed out and banned from the stadium from life. I believe that did happen. They pointed out the fan. It was a terrible moment. Good Luck, y'all sound Fans are nasty and fans go too far sometimes. And I love my players and I'm gonna protect him. At the end of the day, we're human beings and we have emotions and I saw him hurting and I want to protect him. Can you tell us what you told him? I love you and I'm with you and we're all together and you're not alone. And no matter what happens, no matter what was said or what you heard, that guy's an idiot.


Yeah. So I agree with him. The fan has been banned. Definitely. I don't know, it's permanent. And if you just tuning in, that's James Harrison. I'm TJ Za, night number two on takeover week. UNC and Ocho, You know, taking a little break. Taking a little break. Now we gonna, we going to transition away from this football. We gonna get into the entertainment world, man. And I don't, okay, I don't know if they've discussed this on here, I'm not sure. But we gonna discuss it. We gonna talk about it. We gonna talk about Diddy Case, prosecution. They've arrested their case, the defense.


And I wouldn't say I've kept up with it, but I've been paying attention to it. I, I read a lot each and every day about what's going on in the world. And You know, that's part of it. Prosecution rest this case defense. Defense didn't call anybody. So they rest their case, case day off today, closing arguments tomorrow. They assume the case will be given to the jury tomorrow. But in the meantime today, Diddy's key charges such as kidnapping, abating, sex trafficking, attempted arson, they all been dropped by the prosecution. He still faces racketeering and other charges.


But those three charges that were dropped were key in bringing the case being filed against him. And so you gonna give your thoughts, I'm gonna give my thoughts organically. We don't wanna offend anybody. I'm a man that has obviously a wife and three daughters. I'll preface that before you go. I think they gonna try and put the man under the jail. Me, me personally, I, that's, that's what I think. Do we deserve to be under the jail? He, he, he should be in it for sure, but I, I don't, I don't, I don't know about under man. He done did some wicked stuff, man.


He, he taking stuff from me and women, everything, You know what I'm saying? Like, it's, it's bro, I, I, You know, I I I couldn't, I can't rhyme with reason. You know, his, his his thought process or, or or whatever. You know, I have friends that are like, yo, he, You know, he go get off and then I'm like, dude, if you think he go get off, he, he's, I I just don't see him getting off. Well, You know, they go and say, well, You know, she did this, she did that, da da duh. You know, she did it willingly. I'm like, dude, it's a big difference between doing something willingly and being raised and molded to believe that this is what it is.


You got a young mind there. You know, that's like, if I take my kids man and I mold them and I make them believe that it's okay to be, You know, a person that just doesn't care about anybody. You, you, you do what you want to do to hell, what everybody else says. That's something that they're going to, You know, come up and believe and, and, and understand that that's just how the world works. Because I've had them in my, You know, I've had them in my raps and that's what I've taught and believe and, and made them believe is the natural order of how this world works. So, You know, with everything they're saying and how, You know, she may have did this without him having to do that.


I mean, if you want to, You know, your kids, whether it's something good or bad, if they, they're gonna please you, they're gonna do the thing that you feel, they feel makes you happy. You know? And rather that is something that's outlandish as this. When you get 'em young and you get 'em to believe that this is the natural order of things, that's something you could do so well. He ain't do nothing illegal. I mean, it's not really illegal, but I mean that's, that's brainwashing, You know, that's what people do in cults. And you have guys that go and, and lead a whole group of people, two, three oh people and make 'em believe that now he's the savior, he's the messiah and You know, we're gonna all drink this poison and we're all going to go die and he's going to bring us back and we're going to, You know, go to heaven.


So, You know, it, it, it's a lot to unfold there, especially when you are able to, You know, put that person in that cocoon and, and mold them and, and, and make 'em believe what it is. And they don't have no outside force and just telling them different now. Alright, let, let's unpack what you just said. The molding part of it. She was an adult technically when she started messing with him. Are her parents culpable also because you knew your daughter was with him. Okay, so now you say she's an adult true statement. So now she's an adult. What can her parents tell her? 'cause she's an adult and then at the same time you say, 'cause she's an adult, nobody is mature enough.


Dude, I'm, I'm a different person at 30 than I was at 40. I'm a different person. 47. And I, it was at 40, You know, and my, my understandings, my beliefs, what I'm, what I'm learning, especially, You know, since, You know, I, I was baptized and I, I accepted my Lord in Savior in August of last year. Just over the course of the last two years, building my relationship with God and, and, and, You know, talking and praying and, and, and having a relationship with him. My whole thought process, man has changed my attitude, has changed my empathy, my sympathy, my understanding for other people's situations has totally changed. You know, where before, You know, when I was playing, dude, I, I didn't empathize and sympathize with nobody.


I couldn't feel it like, oh, this happened or that happened. Okay, sucks for you, but could it, could it, could it be he's just not a good person, he's not a good person. He's done some terrible things to others, specifically the women in his life. But is he guilty of a crime? Is he guilty of something that can land him behind bars for multiple years or is just, he's just not a good dude? Well, I mean, I mean, you got him on tape. I mean, dragging her down and, and, and, and bombing on her. Come on man. Like, that's right there. And, and on top of it, they tried to hide it.


I mean, once that came out it was, it was sort of, You know, and on top of it, when it came out, he immediately goes within a few days and settles out. Like, I'm gonna tell you right now, if I didn't do it and I know I didn't do it, I'm going to go broke before I admit to anything. I will be broke, destitute, living on the streets before I pay a penny to you for something that I, oh, he knows, he knows what he did. He knew what he was doing. He didn't want any of that to come out because of his image.


He didn't want that to come out to the public that we having freak off sitting. I'm watching my lady get power drive by this dude and then by that dude and I'm watching and he, he don't want that to get out. That's why you settled. And again, I got three daughters, my, my kids, thank the Lord. And hopefully it, it stays it. We ain't making those type decisions because I would hope they were raised the correct way. I don't care how much money you have, I don't care what you doing, that's not going to move them because they've been raised that if a man is doing how he treats you, first and foremost is the most important thing.


How he treats you as a person, not what he's doing for you as a person. And, and so I, I just feel like this is gonna be real interesting when we get this verdict, which will probably be early next week, just to see where they go with this. Because I, I think he's a terrible person when you do all the things that he's done, especially we see the video. Like I just put myself like, bro, what if that was my daughter? Then I damn near gotta possibly lose my life 'cause I gotta go do something about that. Like, I'm doing something about that. Like I, you see, I understand what you're saying, but again, as you said, she's an adult now. She's making her own decisions


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that mows with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know, I have to have an Iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great, but well describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited, premium wireless. How bid to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid. Get 15 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees, extra semen mobile.com.


When I, because when I say make your own decisions, is this, when you willingly are texting the guy that is coming to see you, you say that's coercion, she's been manipulated, she's been molded into that. But then you're also, you get away from Diddy for a couple weeks because you date Ms. Guy, you date miss professional athlete. So it's not like you are under his wing, you're in his presence at all times. You have opportunity to leave because you're dating other people, you're doing other things, but you continue to come back again. And so money, I mean, some people are controlled by money, You know, they let money, You know, the money is root all evil, let's say.


And You know, I I guess her need, desire for money, Fame, whatever that may be, was one of the things that may have added to the coercion of, You know, her being susceptible to, You know, coming back. You know, is she going to, I mean, You know, it's like, are you, she, is she gonna be able to live the same sort of lifestyle or You know, is she gonna be able to be, I I believe that. To me it's a lot. There's a lot of things there, man. If I'm just happy, God never gave me a daughter, You know, he knew that I couldn't handle it. I couldn't take it. So he gave me three of, and I and I love it. Like when, when you, when obviously when you had that first baby, you like, yes, it's gonna be a boy.


I said, huh, huh? I said, girl, okay, cool, cool, cool. The next one coming, for sure it's gonna be a boy. It said, huh? You gave up after the third one. Oh no. Still trying to get the boy. Hey, you got it. Come here, stay there at three. And I got girl, girl, girl. And so my wife go to the doctor and she, I didn't go like, when you figure out what the sex is. And then she was like, you wanna know, so this is my son right here. Right? Okay, what up? Who? And so he, he got good size too. Okay. He 11 years old, he about five, seven size 11 shoe. Okay?


So short, like your daddy, I'm taller than, You know, playing with you. And so they go to the doctor, right? And she comes home. 'cause I did not go. I was like, I already know it's gonna be another girl I already know. I don't care. It is what it is. I'm cool with it. Now I, I've come to accept I'm not gonna have a son. And so every day she asked me and I think about a week later they end up saying, You know, it's a boy. I'm like, oh, you just gonna tell me this knowing if's a girl. And so they kept like, no, it's really your boy. Like, I was like, man, really excited about that. Like happy about it. And picking out, like picking out the name and just like, wow, I finally got a son.


Right? Having those daughters, it, at least for me, I'm a good dude. I'm not, but I'm real. I'm real temperamental, You know, I got, I had a, a had and I still do at times bad temper. And having the daughters, they calm you down. You, you can't be like that. It's the kids man. Be like that when little girls, it's the kids that calm me down. Believe me, it, it, well girls, that's all I had. Yeah. I've learned and built a whole lot of patience through being with my kids and understanding that, You know, everything, you, you can't go off at the wire. You can't be a, You know, you can't be a tyrant, You know, with, with the don't retire.


Yeah, for sure. I'm a consistent with my discipline. If you do a then b it's going to happen. I don't let a happen. And then it happens again and again and again. And now and you and you be looking at 'em and I was talking about earlier like, you about to go crazy. You just, no, I don't do that. So I don't let myself get angry. I, my kids tell me how you look when you get discipline me. Like you disciplined. I need to see the face. You can you get angry. No, I don't need to get angry. I'm like, yo, don't do that. If they do it again, then I'll spank 'em. Like, You know, when they were younger that I'm past that now, You know, you take away things. Yeah. So if you do something, I spank you. And to be honest with you, man, I made them believe that I enjoyed it.


But it hurt me till my soul with my kids. Man. I'm not gonna lie to you. I didn't enjoy it. I didn't like it. But I wanted them to believe that I did. So that it's like, You know what, if dad say do something or don't do something, I'm gonna do it or don't do it. Because I was always told that delayed obedience is disobedience. If I tell you to do something now I want it done now. I don't wanna come 30 minutes later and it's not done. That's a problem. So you have to be, you have to be disciplined for that. And I'm not angry, I'm not mad about it where you get parents who are telling their kid, You know, 5, 6, 7, 8 times now they're mad and they want to hit him.


No, don't fucking touch him now. 'cause you mad and you want to hit him. You wanna discipline him. You tell him to do something once he doesn't do it, then you, you pop me, you do that. You're consistent with it, dude. It's easy. You know? I don't think my think my son has ever been spanked. Now that I think about it, I don't think he's ever been spanked. Some kids, some kids, you don't have to spank man. But I know me and You know, my kids are, my kids are me. And You know, I'm telling mom like, yo, they they have me. They have you now they have this, do any of your sons have your temperament? Do they have that look on they face? Any, any of your boys? They got, they they got, my oldest may have a little bit, but I think he tried to do it.


You know, it ain't natural. You know what I'm saying? Okay. I, I don't think, I don't think it's natural, You know. So who's your favorite though? Oh my god. It is funny man. We, we talk about this a lot, right? In our house. Like, so in our household we always say my oldest daughter, that's my wife's favorite. That's like her, she had her young, they, they argued and then they both come to each other. Let, they don't even let us see it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry y'all. So I love you. And so like my oldest, that's her and my wife, they like this. So then everybody say my second daughter was like the son that I never had until I had one.


'cause I coached her her whole life in softball. And she, we were always together and we go to practice together, we go to the games together, we flying outta state together. And so they like to say my second daughter and my son are with me, my first daughter and my third daughter are with my wife. So they, that's how, that's what they say. I don't know if I, if I have a favorite one, I have a favorite quality that I like in each one. But I don't know if I have like, oh she my favorite. They'll say otherwise. But I think it's a quality in each one that I like that like, oh, I wish they all could just have this one quality.


But they don't. But I do, my second daughter, we get along 'cause she not gonna argue with you if you just start going off, she'll just be like, okay. Won't say another word. My oldest daughter, she'll go back and forth with you all day. That's why her and my wife get into it. Okay? Because my wife go back and forth with you all day and I hope she hearing it so she don't know more back and forth. Be quiet. Right. Right. Hey, You know what I'm gonna start doing my wife, how you did your son, Hey, I'm gonna tell you one time and that's it. You, you can't, hey, she gonna watch this. And she just gonna smack me in my head. I'm like, what you pick me for, man? You can't, you can't do it.


You can't do it with the, with the, with the spot don't work. I ain't gonna do that. She probably gonna watch this and be like, oh bro, mother fuck this. Oh, okay. Yeah. So your oldest one, he, he like y'all this. So if I had to pick a favorite, I couldn't pick a favorite to be honest with you. I have a favorite from day to day. It depends on how they acted. Yes. Love does the same. Now, You know, the one may do something or say something that that's gonna upset me. And You know, to be honest with you, man, You know, you try and treat your kids. You just got a two boys. That's it. That's it. That's it, man. I, I, I try and I try and treat 'em the same. But You know, they got different personalities.


So I may actually let my younger one get away with something that I wouldn't let my older one get away. Yes. Because bro, all my oldest kids, oh yeah, I'll let them get away with like my third daughter. I swear to you bro, when she was like seven, eight years old, I told my wife, I said, we probably gonna have to get her help. Like her temper was so cr like literally I would have to hold her down her down. Like she wouldn't stop. And I'm like, you not stronger than me. Like what she would be going, then she'll stop. And as soon as I let her go here, she go at, I'm like, we might have to get her help. Like this is like concerning me.


And then I swear bro, like three, four months later, super. We still talk about this to the day. Great personality, great person just does stuff around the house without you having to ask her. But it was a period about eight months. I was like, I don't know bro. She might have to, we might have to go get her some counseling and then boom completely changed. Yeah, I I, I'm, I'm not talking to like that standard. I may let him, I may let my younger one get away with certain things that allow him to build individuality, You know? 'cause my oldest son, You know, he's 17, the other one's 15. So he's probably dealing with some bullying, You know, that I ain't seeing.


So I may let him get away with, You know, maybe doing something that I wouldn't let my oldest get away with. Like my oldest. Okay. His confidence is not an issue, so I gotta bring him down anytime. You know, he, he feels like he, he's trying to step a little further out of the box than I feel like he should. Where my younger one, You know, I'll let something slide and step out of the box and he may say something and then he'll side eye me like, did he hear me say that? And I won't even pay no attention to it. Whereas if my oldest said, I'm like, what you say? You know, correct your words. You know what I'm saying? So that oldest one is always going to get it harder and rougher than the younger ones. You, they, the Guinea pigs, like, especially, at least for me, I was a young parent.


Like some of the things I did with my oldest one man when she was born bro, I would drive and put my hand on her foot. 'cause if I wasn't touching her or not, she would cry whole ride. Like I'm literally driving like this with my hand on her foot in her car seat. Like the things we do for our children Now, do they just play, do they play football or is that the only sport they have? Yeah, my, my oldest just plays football. My youngest, he does, he does track and football. Okay. Yeah. My oldest, my, my son, my daughters plays softball, but my son plays 7 0 7. We was gonna go to tackle this year, but we gonna hold back one he 11 and he ain't young.


Man. You gotta, you gotta, I I I believe 10 is good because they gotta learn how to, how to give. He just turned 11 though. He just turned 11. Yeah. They gotta learn how to give a hit, take a hit physicality, right? Yeah. That's what, and it's safety for me, for me it was safety. I want you to know how to give a hit. Take a hit. Because if you go out there, You know, people don't wanna hold their kids back until, You know, 13, 14, 15 years old, high school and all that. And then they get out there and he's running down the field and he, You know, he head high and he goes to, You know, try and protect himself and all he does is lower his head. And You know, dude comes in there and gives him, You know, everything that he did not expect he was going to get.


And now he, You know, he's laid out on the field. That's not, You know, that's something that he would've learned. You know, I used to always think like, oh, they don't need to play early. And I, I'm telling people this, but I'm not taking my own advice. When you play at a young age, there's not enough speed built up for the most part. There's some kids, there's real records. So all the collisions, they're minor collisions because there's no speed built up. As you get older guys get faster, they get stronger, they get more power. They, they're collisions. Yes. They're a little worse. And so that point I do regret because I would tell people all the time, like the collisions at a young age aren't gonna matter.


And my son ain't playing at a young age. We just been playing, been playing au basketball for about two years now. Our team cold though. We cold. We want top teams in the country. Everybody, everybody. Team cold man. No, no, no, no, no, no. Like out here in southern California we know like they know like this ain't just no talk. And it's the difference though, we are true age. You got these motherfucking teams, dude. And going to the sixth grade, he 13 years old. Stop fucking cheating bro. Like, these dudes be like going to the sixth grade. It be like, ain't like trying to get every competitive advantage that they can man.


You know, you job. Like that's one thing I say about our team is everybody is the age limit and we nice, we we know out here. But I be, I gotta calm down 'cause I be at the games acting crazy. Oh you just the same way just talking to the refs crazy. When they make a bad call, I'll say something to 'em and if they get smart then it is what it is. And nine times out 10 they man, so they gonna get smart right back. So then I just be going, yeah, we be going off or I'll be going off. Yeah, I cut it off. I'd kicked your ass off the game. I think I've been kicked out. Wow. One time.


One time. Dude, you can't do that. Yeah. Making bad calls, bro. They be making bad calls. They be making bad. Don't shoot us just if we gonna lose, let us lose. But we not, we don't, if we play, if we play 50 games, we winning 45 of them easily and them five losses gonna be to a team that we just can't beat right now. But we right now we just can't beat it's right. But later. Yeah. The Deebo. Yeah, right. Yeah. Well you me, yeah, I'm gonna be back talking and we can't beat can't beat 'em. They got our number. But yeah, outside of that we good. So the Diddy thing, lemme go back to that. I, I believe we'll get a verdict next week.


I would not be surprised either way. If he's found guilty or not guilty, I believe he's going to be found not guilty because being a terrible person is not a crime. Not being compassionate to a fellow human being is not a crime. What he did to her, beating her down, that's a crime. But he's not being charged for that. He's not being charged for that. And so say that again. Who brought these charges? The feds. And You know, when the feds bring the charges, well they the same drug dealer. Yeah, but hey it hundred percent.


When the feds the day of the closing arguments or the day before closing arguments drop three charges. That makes me believe they don't believe in their case they probably had those charges set up in some way, shape, or form where everything had to go or nothing. It's gonna be interesting when this hits next week. I'm sure one both ways. It's gonna be a, a group of people really happy, A group of people saying, no, I ain't, I ain't gonna lie to you. I I'm not going, I'm with you. I'm not gonna be really, I would be surprised if he didn't get something. I would be surprised just because it's a federal case.


Other than that it it, You know, it don't make no nevermind to me. I wasn't greased up with no baby oil nowhere. So, Hey, that, that part crazy been the baby royal dude named the Punisher and you watching like, bro, you li you literally sitting there bro with your fucker was like this too, with his arms crossed, You know, to take that, take that take that take that lose this watch watching that bro, like that to me is that to me is the most crazy. Like you sitting here watching your supposed lady like what?


Getting power. Like what? That that to me is that tell you that that relationship that she thought she had with him wasn't the relationship that he had with her. Absolutely not. Don't I I could speak for all of us. We ain't trying to see our lady get smashed by nobody. Nah. And you watching it when you watching it. I, I could give two shits about you if I'm watching so I can care less what that, that, but he may not be a good person. It is gonna be interesting to see what happens next week if we do get a verdict. But I do. We will, I do believe we'll get one next week.


For now. We are gonna transition.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American public University value for the whole family, learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM m let's create


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know, I have to have an Iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great, but what, what describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they ed up and I bring it back. The OG cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


We'll transition back to football. Okay, one, one more. Little football take, we'll get into a little basketball to draft Dan Campbell. Now I'm asking you this because of the aura you have about yourself, the reputation you have about yourself. So Dan Campbell, he said when he was playing, You know, he played for Bill Parcells. Bill Parcells would literally just yell his name and that was a sign for Dan Campbell to fight somebody. 'cause he didn't like the way Bill Parcells didn't like the way practice was going. And that was Dan Campbell's way to get the team going. You ever been in any situation like that? Nah, I mean to actually like get a fight started and, and I don't know, maybe it was a different, You know, different time back then.


Maybe that's what worked for them, for their, You know, for their team, for that group of people, You know, You know, a fight that that really, I'm off of practice. Like, like we gotta fight, like I'm trying to finish this. So my thought process on that doesn't, You know what I'm saying and depends how You know, bad the fight is, You know what I'm saying? Like I done had fights that end practice, You know what I'm saying? It it is fighting because I, I believe everybody that's went through training camp, especially when we came in camp practice, yeah, you get a real scuffle all that you between two cats, You know what I'm saying? But you, once you get that bro going where you trying to get the whole team going, that mean you get in the offensive defense fight started when you getting in fights off the camp.


No, we didn't, we didn't, we didn't work like that dude. They were scared of you. We didn't, we didn't work like that dude. We, we went out there and we actually, You know, we we we just worked against each other, You know, like, like, like they say, You know, iron sharp design, like I'm going out there and I'm trying to compete against you as hard as pop. It ain't no way, bro. Y'all was having some type of fights. Dude, I think they had one, like one thing I think Ryan and them had going on. That was really the only fight that we had dude. And I wasn't even there for that. I think I was getting surgery or something, so I wasn't even there and that was over. I believe something of with a saying something to Coach Lebo, it wasn't even, You know, you get a little Oh, I remember Ron telling that story.


Yeah, okay, I remember that. Yeah, you get a little scuffle here and there between guys. But when it comes down to it, that's not something that, You know, they, You know, they, they, they promoted because if you do that in the game, you're getting fined or kicked out the game. So why would you do it in practice? So you played for Bill Cower and then Mike Tomlin gets hired. What are some, what were the major differences and some of the similarities that you liked and disliked between the two? I liked, I guess I like both of their approaches.


Some of 'em were similar, some of 'em were different. Different, You know, I only got like, I think maybe like four years with, with Coward. But the thing I really liked about him is he was a special teams guy. So he actually ran our special teams meeting. That was something that the whole team sat down and watched. And you'd be sitting in there, dude, and you'd be like, man, You know, I missed that block on the pump, man, I don't know where he go do it. He go point it out. You know what I'm saying? So you, you sitting there and you, You know, you bite your nails and stuff and he would do, he would point out every single thing that somebody did wrong and he would grind on you with it.


And it was the little things dude. He was, he was into all the details and he made sure that you were put out in front of everybody and you were held accountable by the whole team. With, with Mike, the biggest thing I guess that I liked about him is he is a, a, a player's coach and the thing that I disliked about him is he is a player's coach to a point of, sometimes it can disrupt, You know what I'm saying? Because it goes maybe a little too far with allowing certain things, You know what I'm saying?


With, with certain players. And then it becomes an issue, You know, with that player. So especially like towards the end of my career, You know, the, the, the biggest thing was, You know, you, you ask a tough question, you get a tough answer. Well, I was asking tough questions and I wasn't getting the answer. You know, I was, You know, I was getting told things that weren't the answer. That was the true answer. So that was something that, You know, towards the end of, listen, if you wanna sit me here and just have me here, You know, as a security blanket say that I'll sit back and I'll do whatever it is. But You know, you, you wanna sit me here and say you got a plan, but you don't have the plan. So the biggest thing, ask a tough question, get a tough answer.


That didn't come true for me. Yeah. If you gonna answer the, you gonna ask a question, like I may not like the answer. Right. But I'm addicted because I'm asking you this question. Right. Okay, so before we go, I don't know, obviously Oklahoma City, they win the, they win NBA championship. Yeah. Huh? Did you see Chad hung? Who bro, from Oklahoma City? Chad Holmgren was faded. Boy, he was lit. Like I'm talking he must have drank bottle after bottle. He must, Chad Holmgren was getting drunk before the parade started.


Okay. That's how, that's how faded he was. That didn't win a Super Bowl. You won two? Yeah, 2007 And we going, we going That was 2007 your first one, right? No, 2005. Okay. Thousand got. Okay. 2005, which should have been our Super Bowl. We gonna get into that tomorrow. We gonna get into that tomorrow 'cause I, and we going to have them have the sound of when I did the shit that I did. And then I want you to tell the, the viewers what Coward said the night before. 'cause I guess everybody keep talking about that when I did what I did and then coward, I guess he was mad about that and I guess he showed that video. So we'll get in that tomorrow.


But when you guys won your Super Bowl, what's the funniest thing or the craziest thing you remember? Not from 2005, but 2009. 2009. So it was the parade? Yeah. And You know, we're going through the parade. They got us, You know, on these cars and, and no, it was 2005. That was 2005. Oh, 2009 I didn't really, 2008 I didn't really get to do much, so I had to trophy in a car by myself. So I really didn't get to do too much. But in 2005, okay, go to 2005, go to the 2005, because we still gonna get into that tomorrow. Yeah. But in, in 2005, dude, we were just riding on the back of these trucks.


So like we standing on this brand new trucks, these trucks are getting thinned on top of the hoods, on top of the roofs, all that. You know what I'm saying? Dudes don't care, whatever. So we like, You know, to hell to it. So we started jumping out into the crowd. Right. Just jumping out and they catch us and they push us back, You know, to the Yeah, they catch us and then push us back to the truck. So cars, whatever my face, right. Oh, they, oh they, dude, they catch us. You couldn't hit the ground to save your life. Right. So we jumping out, so we're talking to Troy, we're like, Troy man, come on, you gotta jump out there, man. Come on. You know how, You know, like, come on Troy, you gotta jump man.


So Troy jumps out, they started carrying Troy away from their trucks out into the crowd. We gotta jump down and go get him back. M so was crowd surfing almost. They was taking him to us. They didn't run him back to the truck, dude. They were like, like we like dude, they take Detroit. Like we gotta get it. Did they, didn't they stop the truck? No. So you jump out where it's at, the truck is stopped. So you jump out where it's at, like it stops every so often. So you jump out, you jump out. When you jump out, they, they go and they push you back. You know, they slide you back to the truck. So when Troy jumped out, they started pushing him back away from the truck.


That's Troy. I know. Security was like, wait, wait. Jumped on. Say Troy, man. There was time. Did security get involved, y'all? We got it. Yeah, were good. Dude. There was so many like people, man, it was hell. They had horses too, man. One of the horses kicked the truck and it had to been cold as hell. Huh? That's the crazy part. I don't remember the cold. It it was cold though. You faded. You were faded. You don't remember how cold it was. 'cause it's in February in Pittsburgh, it's cold as hell. I ain't gonna lie. That first Super Bowl, I don't remember. So it was in Detroit.


So my family is in Akron, Ohio. And I guess had at like some point during the game, they started driving up. So they drove up and I guess after the game they got there and I guess we kicked it, we did it, whatever, all night, all that, right. So in the morning, by the time I got up with down, You know, started eating and everything, You know, met back up with my parents and stuff, You know, they had already left and they're like, you, You know you did this, you did that. I'm like, I don't remember that. It was like, your sister, your brother da da da was here. I'm like, what your body here I was do, I don't know what happened, but somebody gave me something to drink as soon as we was in the locker room.


So by the time I was drinking like Gatorade, by the time I got on the bus, I don't remember anything from the bus ride halfway to the bus ride home until I woke up the next morning. The only reason I know they were there is they took pictures. And I'm seeing myself in pictures arm around people like this. I'm like, oh my God. They were there. Like I, I don't remember nothing dude. So I'm like, You know what? I gotta get to another Super Bowl. And I'm like, this time I'm not, I'm not drinking nothing crazy like that. I wanna remember it, You know what I'm saying? So the second one I was, I was able to remember.


All right, well we gonna be back. Appreciate everybody tuning in Nightcap this day. Day. Oh we man me. Just so everybody know me and my dog, we coming back tomorrow day three. Oh yeah, yeah, for sure. So day three, the takeover. So y'all make sure y'all like y'all hit the subscribe button and when you do that, do what I told you earlier. Text a friend, call a friend, tell him to do the same. We'll be back tomorrow. James Harrison, TJ Mazz at Nightcap. We out. We'll see y'all tomorrow. Hey. And I'm working out tomorrow. I ain't gonna look like that, but I'm working out tomorrow.


Just 'cause of him. Let's go. Ready? You gotta start selling. Eric. I work out tomorrow just 'cause of you. I got you. I ain't gonna have a tank top on. I'm gonna have a little shirt on. Make it look like I'm bigger than what I am. Yeah. Get this medium and You know, man, we see y'all tomorrow. Earn out later. Yes sir. The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss Data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woohoo. Chba. Chaba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cumba life. Visit chiba casino.com Purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions. Apply


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it. Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeart podcast.