(0s):
This is an iHeart podcast.

(5s):
When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(36s):
The volume Sha is predicting that LeBron LeBron's next season, the NBA will be his last, which will be a poetic end to number 23. Year 23 for number 23, they have the All Star Weekend in Los Angeles. So to me, it's a very story book if that's the way it goes. But that's a decision he's gotta make real, you just watched the man in year 22 make second team all NBA if you'd, if he'd have made first team.

(1m 18s):
I don't think anybody's mad if you put him in over Donovan Mitchell. Donovan got in, bless him, he averaged 24 8 and eight. He doesn't really have to do the heavy lifting anymore because of Luca. So he's, he a and AR is still there. So now he put him in the dunker spot. You let him play off the ball. He's still going to be in the 20 points. How long do you think LeBron wants to play? How long is he going to play? I'm always saying he was gonna play until Bryce got in the league. So Bryce goes to Arizona next year. That'll be year 23. So in order for him to play with Bryce, he's gotta be 24. 24. 24. So I give him 24, 25.

(1m 58s):
Yeah. And if you get 24, you gotta, might as well make it 25. Yeah. Might as well make it 25. I ain't worried about nobody getting 25 yet. And if you getting 25, you might as well get 30. Nobody can hold up because Keep 2023. That'll be 41, 24, that'll be 42, 25. That'll be 43. That's the same age Tom Brady was when he retired. 20, You know, 25 years of one profession. That's, that's, That's legit. That's a long man. You are a Dongo lawyer. You get that many tied and you are the damn military. Right, exactly. So It's, it's, and not only to, not only to play that long, but to be Dominate that Long level, Be consistent and be one of the best, The average 24 points a game in year 22.

(2m 50s):
There are some guys that didn't average 24 points for a career. There are some guys that didn't, didn't, I mean, never had a season in which they averaged 24. Right. This guy's in year 22 doing that. Right. When you look, when you, when you look at it, look, been around the game, your dad coached the game. So you've been around basketball all your life. What do, what do you think is the most impressive thing that you like? Well, LeBron is doing, is it the year 22? Is it the ability to go out there and still give you average 24 to go out there and give you a game where he can give you 30 average, You know, for a week, give you 30 straight go get you 40? What is, what do you think is the most impressive thing at this juncture?

(3m 31s):
We look all, all the 21 times first team, all NBA 21 times All Star. So we get all that. But I'm talking about what you're witnessing now. What do you think the most impressive thing that you've seen him and you, you was with him for four years, you watched him every single day, come in, get shots up, run cold tub, massage, the, you saw it all real. What do you think the most impressive thing that LeBron is doing currently? I always say this, the way he take care of his body, the way he pay attention to his treatment and stay on schedule with that, that, that, that attest to his longevity and never really being hurt or having a major injury. So just the way his body's holding up, like his skillset is gonna be his skillset.

(4m 12s):
He pushed the work in you, you, you see him putting the work in after games or after practices. He's always the last one shooting or someone getting up shots or working on different moves. So the way, what he puts into the games is when he gets out. And also what's he puts into his body is when he is getting outta his body. So to me it's just the longevity of, You know, being that consistent of no injuries, no major injuries, bouncing back and still being healthy enough to, to do what you do and then do every day. You was with him, LeBron got there. So you was there when you was with him. 11, 12, 13, 14. Did you have, when you was there with him, did you have any idea that LeBron James would still be playing 12 years later?

(4m 59s):
No, I didn't. Just because, like, I tell people this all the time. LeBron would really get treatment if we was in the club. Like, he would literally have something on his knees or something on his back inside the club. So it's like once somebody's doing that, like that's a real dedication to just to be in the club with treatment, ice. This man Real, this bag got ice bags on his knees, he got Ice bags on. Be like, but the film, like the stem machine where it's like shooting electrolyte or electric electricity in knees and stuff like that. Just hamstrings like lower back. Like, he always got something that's recovering, making his body recover. So that, that's the thing. It's like once you see that, like that's a different type of dedication. Like I'm not, I I have to take my hat off to that one.

(5m 42s):
Wow. Wow. Alright. Real, we gonna get you out on this one.

(5m 46s):
The big, the big three season eight tips off June 14th live on BS TV at iHeartRadio. Your team, Miami's 3 0 5 will face off against Nick Young and Dwight Howard's LA Riot for the first game of the season. Tickets are available now@thebigthree.com slash tickets. That's big three.com/ticket.

(6m 6s):
Who, who's on your, hold on. Are you with Beasley? You and Be, be, You need Beasley And Lance Stevens, right? Lance, Steven, Steven, Reggie Evans and Sean Williams. Hey boy, y'all don't need no extra body, no extra legs or nothing. You know, we can always use some extra bodies, but You know, I think we got it pretty much taken care of this year. You know, we, we hungry, we, we got something to prove. So I don't know Joe. Say Joe, say Detroit team Joe and Pargo. They say, hey man, You know Iso Joe, that's he, he Taylor made for the big three? Yeah, well he gotta deal with the MVP and that's what we got on our team. So Who be easy. Yeah, be easy. So that's what I'm saying. Hey Mario.

(6m 47s):
Hey y'all, y'all down? Y'all in the crib? Y'all down here at the crib now? Yeah. Yeah, we right now We, y'all practice. I'm coming. We we be at sometimes we was up there today. It just depends what time the trainer get there. But we usually be at, Oh shit, I'm coming tomorrow. Well, I'm coming that down. Well, I'm gonna have my Chucks on Y'all. Don't y'all don't y'all, y'all don't, y'all don't, y'all don't need nobody. Hey Rio man, thanks for joining us man. Appreciate really, really appreciate you taking time out your schedule. We know you're busy, got a lot going on, but to take time out to help us break down this game and talk about all things NBA, we greatly appreciate it. When you're not too busy, stop back by again, man. Appreciate it. Just let me know. Alright bro, best of luck this season.

(7m 28s):
All Right, appreciate it. Alrighty. Yo real chams, he one of the biggest shots in college. College basketball Ocho, they were down to Memphis, he hit a three, send the game in overtime. He was the finals most outstanding player. One of the big shots. You know, obviously I forget the guy from Villanova that hit the shot against UNC that actually won the game, but Rio hit a shot, sent it to overtime and they ended up winning it on overtime, gave Kansas a na Bill self. I think Bill Self, his first national title Mm Was his first. Nah, nah, I don't think that was his first, what you call him gave him his first one when they beat, they beat UNC in the semifinals and the name what?

(8m 11s):
I don't know who they beat in the finals, but I think self got, self got two or three because I know they beat, they beat Hubert Williams. Hubert Williams, the first Hubert Davis, excuse me, the first one. Remember Carolina had that big old leaf bill self had two. So Joe f Flaco had a long answer when asked about mentoring Shado and Dylan Gabriel, it's a good question to bait somebody into answering. And no matter how they answer it, it kinda looks like the guy's answer to look bad. If I say I don't wanna be a mentor, I look bad if I say I don't want to. If I don't, if I say I do want to mentor, then I, I look like an idiot that doesn't care about being good at playing football.

(8m 53s):
So one of those questions that no matter what I say, you guys can write what you want to write about it. And there's a lot of questions like that. That's why I end up having to try to avoid them. I tend to try to like be honest and I've said I'm not a mentor. I play football. I have a lot of experience that I can talk on things and hopefully they listen, but it's not necessarily my job to make sure they listen to me. Hopefully you have a really good relationship with the guys that they're in the room and you naturally want to do that ojo. What do you make of what Joe Blacko is saying And that man is not there to be no goddamn mentor. Man, these dudes behind me trying to take food off my plate. They trying to take money out my pocket. They here to take my goddamn job. What are we talking about?

(9m 34s):
I mean, I don't know why we even asked that question. No, I'm not mentoring shit. I'm trying to keep my job as long as I can. What are we talk, what are we talking about? I hate, I mean let's, let's be real. Let's be real. Oh, Selfish as Foto. Yeah. Nah, I ain't about being selfish. Stay FF man. We here to, we here to make money. Make money. And you sitting behind me and me trying to mentor you. Why the hell I'm allow you to take food off my plate? That's what you here for. You here to take my job. That's what it is. This is the business I here to mentor you. You get your own shit together. We ain't in college no more. Ah, He's absolutely right. If you say I don't wanna mentor, I mean, I mean, so look, that's gotta be natural.

(10m 19s):
It's just like you going on a job Ocho and some guy takes you under their wing and says a young fellow, Hey, let me help you to the game. Lemme tell you how I was able to stay here 25 years. Let tell you how I was able to stay here 30 years. That's a choice that he or she makes that says, You know what, I see something in this. I see something in this young man, this young woman that I wanna partake in them and hopefully it's beneficial. But you are absolutely right. They're under no obligation. I was the opposite. Young guys come in, I I'm, I'm gonna try to a make sure you study. I would quiz him. Okay, this right here, what do You know? Ask, ask me a question. Why did I do, why did I run the route like this?

(10m 59s):
Why did I do it like that? X, Y, and Z. Oh, okay, I'm I'm asking you. Okay, did you not see that safety down, the safety down told you the guy was coming. So why else would he be down if he's in coverage? Why would he be down here like this? Unless somebody's covering and he gotta cover you because he knows you gonna be the hard receiver. Right? So it's little things like that. But I agree with you 1000% O Joe. It's not, it's not, it's not someone job to mentor you because You know, you get that on a lot of jobs. They bring, bring somebody else in. Hey, You know, teach 'em the ropes and You know, teach 'em how to do this. Yeah. What? Yeah, that's diff this is the NFL the people sitting behind you that they'll tell you to teach are there to take your job. I mean you, you, I mean come on man.

(11m 41s):
This is A business. Absolutely are. You make millions of dollars and you understand every time someone in drafted, every time somebody in the board in that room to take your damn job. Yep. Joe Flacco is what, how Joe Holy Joe. Now Joe gotta be damn near because he's his 16 seasons in the league. He had to come in. I don't think he came out early. Okay. So he Put it like this. He at least 38, 39. I don't know if he's 40, but he's 38, 39 at least. Yeah. How, how old he is? Joe's trying to keep his job as long as he can. Yeah. Because he don't like Joe. Remember they came and got him off his couch. Yeah. He ain't trying to go back there anytime soon. I, I wish you, what you have to understand is the faster he mentors whoever he needs to be, whether it's Dylan, Gabriel, whether it's, whether it's Shado is woman who the other, he Turned 40 Ocho, he turned 40 in January.

(12m 29s):
Hey, the fast he mentors him, the better the better they're prepared to go and play with Jeff, Joe f Flaco going home. Joe, Joe going home, he going back to the couch. I'm sure that's not what he wants. He wants to be in there as long as he can. And for, for me, anything I think Joe Flaco needs to start the season regardless of if there's a quarterback competition or not. Joe needs to play as long as he can until the number two or number 12. I'm gonna say it like that until number 12 is ready to go. That's it. I agree. It's hard for me to see a scenario in which Dylan, Gabriel or Shado beats Flaco out and I like, okay, yeah, this is the direction that we're going in to start the season.

(13m 12s):
No, I'm not sure he has a very long leash. I'm not saying they're gonna let him go eight, nine games and they only won one. Pickett might have something to say about that, huh? Right. I I, like I said, I I I don't, I look, they got a lot of, first of all, you got a lot of quarterbacks in that room. You bring Plateau back. Yeah. Who's a 16, 17 year vet. You bring Kenny Pickett in from the Eagles who's four or five year vet and you draft two quarterbacks.

(13m 52s):
You're not keeping four quarterbacks on your roster unless somebody goes to the practice squad. Well, hell, you might have two guys go to the practice squad. 'cause most times teams don't have three quarterbacks. Dr. Dressed normally go into the game with two quarterbacks and you have an emergency quarterback that's normally a receiver. And when you get that situation, you just handing the damn ball off. So I don't know, me personally, Ocho I don't know what the, I don't know what the, the, the, the Browns were thinking in that situation. You know what I'm saying? I know what they were thinking. Tell me what you're thinking, what they were thinking. I can tell you They thinking we need a security blanket.

(14m 33s):
Our security blanket and Joe Flacco. Okay. We seen the Joe could do, when Deshaun went down and Joe had to step in, we saw him have a six seven game stretch where he played phenomenal. Now obviously he wasn't able to do it consistently because we saw what happened when he took a nose dive statistically and they started losing. But hey, let's bring Joe in because he knows the the offense. He knows the receivers. Bingo. We're gonna see what we can do with Joe until we get these young bulls ready. That's, that's as simple as it gets. Why Bring Kenny Pickett back then? Well, I, I don't know, You know, Kenny Pickett and who's Kenny Pickett gonna beat out? And I mean, no disrespect, we've already, we've we've seen the small sample size. What Kenny Pickett is doing when he with the Steelers, what are we talking about?

(15m 14s):
He's not, he's no threat. He's no threat to anybody over there. I mean, let's be realistic. Well, And I don't mean that in Dodge. He disagree. If, if, if, if he was who he was, he would still be restarted. Excuse me. He is very, very early in Kenny's career. Great dude. I love him. I love him to death. But if you are who you thought you were, who we thought you were, you will still be in Pittsburgh. True. That's All. And I mean, no disrespect, I'm I'm saying in, in the, in the best way I can. But I, I, I especially, and that's my thing, Ocho that's what I don't get. I don't know why you bring, You know, you bring two veterans in, you bring, you draft two rookies.

(15m 57s):
Obviously I don't believe Laja Deshaun is gonna be able to play. I mean, he seems to think that he might be able to play or I, I don't know. I don't see that. But hey, maybe he went to a great orthopedic that would repaired it. I don't know if he went to osh. I don't know. He went to the guy to New York. James Andrews, I, I don't know. I don't know Watkins. I, I don't know who he went to, but it's just hard for me to see Deshaun playing this year when he tore that Achilles and he retort. That goes without saying Now Joe Flacco, we know what Joe Flacco is. It's been a long time since Joe started the season 14.

(16m 45s):
It's been a backup. Guys don't perform well. He comes in, the question is with what they have offensively, do you believe Joe can take them to the playoffs? Because right now they start the season, they're behind, they're behind CI me, I would have them behind Cincinnati. I would have them behind Baltimore. Not sure I would have them in front of the, not sure I would have them in front of the Steeler. Now we don't know who the Steelers quarter and I They in front of they. Yeah, exactly. We don't know who the Steelers, I mean, who the Steeles quarterback is.

(17m 25s):
That is why I put the Browns in front of them based on Flacco's resume in general. And then what we, what we know we can do. He can, he can bypass and steal some games based on experience alone. I agree. You got Judy over there and Ju and Joe who's over there. I'm not sure who's at the running back position. I'm not sure or I'm not sure who the other receiver on the other side may be. But I think, I think Joe's gonna be fine. He's gonna be fine. Un until, until he is not. Until they feel they have to make a change. And the fans will let You know when it's time to make a change. True, True.

(18m 7s):
Man. That's a tough situation. That's a very tough situation. And then every day they post in the quarterback stats. Wednesday, OTA, the 28th. Joe Flacco had nine completions on 14 attempts. One touchdown no interceptions, 64% completion. Dylan Gabriel, he was 11 of 16. Two touchdowns, one interception, 69%. Ur was seven of nine. Three touchdowns no interceptions, 78%. And Kenny Pickett with nine of 16, no touchdowns, no picks. 56%. Yeah. I take, I take all those stats in practice with a grain of salt.

(18m 47s):
You An OT you ain't got no shoulder pads. Guys can't rush No shoulder pads. You got shorts on Jersey. Ain't trying to run through no DBS and break the pass up. That, that don't mean nothing. Holler at me. Holler how, let me see how you look preseason when you playing against somebody that don't know what's coming, when it's live, when the bullets are flying, it's live action. You got pressure coming, you got eyes, you got hands in your face, you got three, you got two and a half, maybe three seconds. You got people trying to make a team, trying to make a squad, trying to make sure they don't get cut. Make it off you. Come on now. Talk, talk to me then let me know.

(19m 27s):
Let me know what the numbers look like then when it actually count. Yeah. Shows how far we come on, yo, this, this is what they do now. They chart stuff like this And, and I, me absolutely nothing. And You know, I hate some of the, some of the, some of the, the pages on Twitter. You know the routes on air. Oh my goodness. Look at that beautiful deep ball. What nigga? Oh my bad. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Ain't no pressure. None of course. Beautiful. Yeah, of course it's a perfect pass. Like Yeah, but that's where we are.

(20m 8s):
Ojo everything, everything get charted. Everything. I mean they used, look, the teams always charted these stuff. They always kept a, You know, how many routes you ran, how many times you won, blah, blah, blah. Defense, did they win? How many, how many routes did he cover? And how many pass did he break up? Pick, blah, blah, blah. Many times you be, the teams have always kept stuff like this. That's how they evaluated. Yeah. Yeah. But we don't normally have publications, Twitter, whatever, whoever, You know, whether it's a, a YouTube or whomever that charts stuff like this and, and keep a tally of it, It means nothing.

(20m 49s):
I mean, you're supposed to get open on air. You're supposed to catch it on air. You're supposed to complete it on air. It's supposed to look perfect. Yeah. It's not supposed to look chaotic. So look, chador knows what he's up against. He knows he is not a first three round pick. So there is no assurances that he's gonna be on the team. He understands that. I'm sure his dad has told him that. I'm sure his agent has told him. I don't know if he, I don't know if it's his dad. I, I don't know if his agent, who his agent is, but I'm saying I'm sure they told him, made him aware.

(21m 29s):
There are no guarantees. The Browns probably have made, well, the mere fact where you was drafted lets, You know, there are no guarantees. Come on now. But if Shado is what he believes he is, I don't see the problem. So Joe Flacco, Dylan Gaber, Shado sandals, Kenny Pickett all fighting for I believe two spots. Two spots, and the other guy's going probably be practice squad.

(22m 14s):
Practice squad. I mean you got, I mean, like you said OOO Ota a's gonna tell me ish I'm need to see some preseason now I don't think that probably Joe f Flaco probably is gonna play in the preseason. So that means Dylan Gabriel Shado and Penny Kenny Pickett is gonna get all the snaps in, in in preseason. All of Yep. All of it. I I mean listen, Flacco might get a series if that Yeah, if that. I get. I agree. I agree. I agree. But these other guys, oh, y'all play and play lots a lot When it's PCS time.

(22m 48s):
You know, the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(23m 23s):
Despite an uneven start to his career Jets quarterback Justin Fields believe he's on the cusp of a breakout season. He thinks it's the right team, the right time in the right scheme. I think I can be great. That's been the goal of my whole life, my whole career. I think the sky's the limit for this team, for this offense. But we have a long way to go. Our offense and defense are new. So guys are really tuned in, locked in, trying to get everything down. But I think once we do, I think the sky's the limit. I mean, we have all the guys we need, we have all the talent. So it's really just, just going to come down to discipline and execution And listen, everybody has all the talent. It always is. Always come down to discipline, execution, but also come down to the coaches. You know, it's, it's nothing but a chess match.

(24m 4s):
I always say this all the time when it comes to playing the game of football. Understanding your strengths and understanding your players' weaknesses. Putting your players in the right places to make the plays. Understanding who they're playing against, understanding what their weaknesses are, and putting 'em in the best position to make plays against said individual players that also get paid millions of dollars. That's what it all comes down to. Having an officer coordinator or a defensive coordinator that doesn't have a, an ego. An ego. Well this is my system and I want you to run my system my way despite whether you can do what I like called well or not. That's what it all, there's so many different variables that come into it.

(24m 44s):
Justin Fields is supposed to feel that way. He's, he's supposed to feel like this is the great sy great system, the great scheme, great, whatever it is. But everybody looks good in shorts and shirts. We all do now. It's a different game when we talk, we talk about the jets. We know what happened when the goddamn lights come on Sunday at one o'clock. Yep. It's always been a different story. Now for, for Justin, for his sake, this is the make or break break year for him. I believe you, You know, you have, you have a stellar, you have a phenomenal season this year. You get you a nice big payday boy, which you, which you are deserving of. You know, now you getting a fair shot, you getting another fair shot. You know, obviously cargo didn't go so well. Now you have a first star most of the time.

(25m 25s):
Sometimes quarterbacks aren't given a second chance. Nope. Like you being a four now you gotta make the most of it. Get that ball to number five. I tell you that You definitely, you that ball number Five, you gonna be all right. You definitely, I, I, I agree with you Ocho I think this is a, a year that he's gonna have to, You know, Chicago. He is like, look man, what he had offensive coordinator didn't do much that didn't put him in, in the right situation. That didn't protect him well enough. X, Y and Z goes to Pittsburgh. I thought he played well. I was surprised with Mike Tomlin made the move and and inserted Russ after Russ had missed it. The games with the calf injury.

(26m 5s):
But hey, it is what he built. Thought he had some nice talent around him. Pickens, he had some guys that could make plays around him. Fry Mo, they ran the ball okay with Ni g Harrison. Jalen Warren. But now new coach, what seems to be a competent offensive coordinator. Decent offensive line and weapons around him. They tried to remove the hedge, which is the excuse that you would have if things don't go well. Yeah. So I'm room for the young man. 13 OCHO in three years.

(26m 51s):
Situation matters. Now you can't go to five 10 situation and say, well that situation wasn't right for me. That situation wasn't right for me. That situation wasn't right for me. Ocho, at some point in time, you gotta accept a responsibility. Yeah. You gotta look at that mirror. Huh? Michael Jackson said, you gotta start with the man in the Yeah, but listen, but I do believe AG hired hired a great group of guys. Offensive coordinator, quarterback coach, surrounded him with the talent. Now it's just time for him to let his God give an ability. Go out there and take over. Don't overthink it. Yeah. Prepare. Be prepped. Be ready to go. Know what you're supposed to go. Know where you're supposed to go with the ball. Go with. Yeah. Don't be afraid to use your leg. You know, sometimes people are like, well I'm, I'm a show.

(27m 32s):
I can throw the ball. Okay. What makes what makes these guys dangerous is their legs. Nobody's not fearing their arm. No, I don't want you to run. I don't, I don't want you to escape because I know, I know what type of speed you got. I know you can hit your head on the goalpost. So he's played well. Last, last 12 stars. He has an eight and four record OCHO 17 passing in. Rushing touchdowns, only seven interceptions. Like I said, we talked about it last year. I was surprised that they made the change. 'cause I thought he played well because could have won the game in Indy. They lost that game. Fields will make us the debut with the Jet September 7th against the Steelers.

(28m 13s):
The team they traded for him last year, then benched him in favor. Russell Wilson, after four two start fields offered no insight into the matchup. Oh, that's who we played week one. Really? Hmm. It really wasn't a thought. Any extra motivation? No. Nah. Play ball. Just play ball. No, no, no motivation needed. No, the motivation already be there regardless. I don't care what happened in the past. I don't care what happened in the past. What? But They wanted him back. But he is like, nah, after the way y'all did me, had I been playing back? Had I been oh and six, had I been two and four? I can understand you going a different direction, but that was two games over 500.

(28m 57s):
And I don't think maybe, I'm trying to think what was that game that, that Russ and them came back and they won. I would have to, I would've to look back. I, I can't remember off the top of my head, but I don't think they, the Steelers won any games that they probably wouldn't have won if Russ, if Russ wasn't in there. Yeah. But you also have to understand, Mike Tomlin gave his word to Russ. Mike Tomlin gave his word to Russ. So he had to stick by his word because I think everyone, including Russ Wilson would've been looking at Tomlin funny after already voicing who was going to be the starter publicly to everybody. So whenever Russ was healthy, Things change. Situations change. Oto, You can't go back on that. Can't go back on that as a, as po Everybody gonna be looking at him funny.

(29m 41s):
That's all. Look at me funny. I mean, look, I, I, I like look at ocho, I like sweets, but if the doctor told me I got diabetes, I can't be eating no sweets. Right. He said, Shannon, you got high blood pressure. I can't be eating no pork. I gotta change things. You go six and old, you five and one, you four and two Ocho like, Hey Russ, I under, I know what I said, but, so if that's the case, when they lost four games at the end of the season, why did they go back to, why did they go back to Justin Fields then? Because you did him like that? Hey, all the coach, all the man has is his word. Huh? Man, that, that don't work. And that's not working in coaching. You know, you go with the hot man. Yeah.

(30m 21s):
Whoa, whoa. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. 'cause this is why I look at it Too. Oh, wait a minute. Wait. Whoa, wait, wait a minute. The hand stayed hot now for what? Three, four games in a row. Now who that The hand, the hand The hand stayed hot. Justin Fields were foreign. Two. Won't you, You didn't hear what I just said? Yeah. Even when you made the change, the hands still stayed hot. Yes. Three or four games in a row. Right. And then, You know, towards Then, but you should've changed because my hand was hot. You tried to pour water on me to cool my hand off. Yeah. I got cool standing on the sideline. Hey, listen, all I know is Mike Tomala had a state and kept promised his word that he said before the season started, Russ was our starter.

(31m 2s):
So whenever he was healthy, he would get back in the lineup as said starter, like I said, before the season started. That's All that, that's one thing I can honestly say I loved about Mike, but Mike Shanahan. Mike Shanahan said, look, here, you might be the starter. Right? If that guy comes in and he's playing better than you, then when you were starting, he's the starter. Hey, hey, who's a, who's the, who's the quarterback that was in Denver, right? Had the big ass, the big old beard I'm talking about. The beard was huge. Sticking up out the helmet like Fitzpatrick. It wasn't Fitzpatrick, but he, he he could Sling. Oh, Kyle Norton. It was Kyle Lordy. He could sling that ball. Man had the big old lumberjack beard Jack, I think, I think he was throwing the, the Brandon Lloyd.

(31m 46s):
Brandon Lloyd. That's why he had some hands. People talk about everybody else they be mentioning got hands. People don't realize how good a hands that Joker had. Man v Lloyd was catching all a acrobatic catches. Boy, Go back. I mean, before the technology and the ified gloves, he was doing that. Yeah. With there was no tack. Yeah. Yeah. There was Sure wasn't. It sure wasn't. Go back And look, go back and look at Brandon Lloyd when he was with the, the Broncos and with the 49 ERs. 49 ERs. Yeah. He was B Lloyd was nice with it. Tyreek Hill spoke with local media for the first time since suggesting a trade request after Miami season, ending loss to the Jets in January, making himself unavailable in the second half.

(32m 29s):
He walked, he walked his comments back this week and publicly apologized for them. It was tough, man. Obviously emotions were high then. But at the end of the day, I'm just looking to move forward from that, hoping that I can prove myself and prove to my teammates that I'm still one of them. Ones man who's chasing 2K receiving yards. Still one of those ones chasing a playoff dreams and all that great stuff I've got to prove to myself, I got to show up different, the mindsets got to be different. He said he attended church and therapy over the past month and he says it's helped him reflect on his decision making, namely why it's been so difficult for him to stay outta the headlines that aren't football related. It's tough. The only thing I'm gonna say man, is money is crazy thing for a lot of people.

(33m 15s):
I agree. I-I-I-I-I-I love what he said and I, and I said this ocho you, you can't take yourself out of that game. He got that captaincy on his shirt. That's that ocho that carry a little, that carry a lot of weight. Yeah. That carries a lot of weight. Yeah. And for him, and they're asking, are you hurt if he was hurt Ocho I ain't got no problem with it. I don't, I don't me, I'm gonna try to cut, gut it up as long as I possibly can. And when I can't go, I can't go. But to just take yourself outta the game because you're not catching any passes or the ball's not being thrown to you. And some of the stuff that he said, look, and when emotion are high, I get it. When emotion is high, logic is low as we go. Yeah. And sometimes we, we let our emotions get the best of us and we say things and we do things that we wish we can take back.

(34m 5s):
But I, I I, I love, I love a man that's reflective. I love a man that can stand there and say, You know, I was wrong. And I'm gonna try to be, I'm not only gonna try to be a better football player, but I'm gonna try to be a better man. And he's right. Money, money. Boy, look here, money changes. Not only can money change you, it can change the way people see you, the way they view you, how they treat you, how they behave around you. Yeah. So I always figured that because I tyre I, I've always liked Tyreek. Here's a guy, Ocho that had immense speed and we know the man's named Cheetah, so we know he can run.

(34m 49s):
But Ocho he taught himself to run routes. He was just a gadget guy. They run into him some jet sweeps, You know, the punt kick off, return Ocho, they just did. But he, all of a sudden he start running the smoke. He can run the speed. I can run the comeback. He can run the dig, he can run the over, he can run the slant. Now a guy with that kinda speed that can close that cushion, he turned himself into a hall of famer. Yeah. Yeah. He gonna be all right. Yes. He has to be. He has to be. He, he, he needs to be in the, he, he understands Ocho, he, you, you want a new, you want a contract extension.

(35m 40s):
Well, I gotta pay you on what I believe you can be moving forward not on what you've done. I know about that 1800, 1900 yard season that you had. Unbelievable. You were sensational. I paid you for that. Made you one of the highest paid receivers in football. You were the highest paid until all these other guys started getting their contract. Now, if I were to extend you or give you a new contract, Ocho, I gotta base it on what do I think Tyreek Hill? Am I gonna be able to count on Tyreek Hill next two, three years? Because that's what I gotta pay. I I, that's what I'm paying him for. Right. And you see where the, the, the wide receiver money is going Ocho that thing, it is north to 35. Chase is in in the forties.

(36m 22s):
Yeah. Listen. But I love a man that can look and say, You know, Hey, it's me. Yeah. He, he gonna be all right. We all get wake up calls. We do, we all get wake up calls in different forms sometimes. Some of 'em, sometimes, God, they gotta shake. Gotta shake you real hard. Yeah. To get, To get your attention. No, nothing. But no, when he shake you real hard, he wants your undivided attention. Because sometimes he'll do something. You just, you you'll just pause like, oh, okay, I heard you. Yeah. Hey, he right, he right. Because there's some things that, that, some things that can happen. They can sit you down real quick. Yes. And it hit home.

(37m 4s):
It hit home. He's focused going to therapy. And the fact that he has to prove himself, the fact that he even feels he has to prove himself is to me, man, boy, You know who you are. We know what you can do. We know why your numbers weren't what they were last year That, but anyway. But having to prove yourself again. If your quarterback can stay upright and healthy, You know. But You know what Ocho if you think about it, stepping 18, 1900 yard season. But think about it. How'd the season start? Controversy. And it ended the same way. See, remember how we say Ocho you limping to the season, you limp out of it. Yeah, You're Right. You come in with, you come in with some bull jive, bull jive follow you out of it.

(37m 44s):
Yeah. So, like I said, he, he learned, he going through a lot. He got a lot of stuff going off going on off the field that's not football related. Maybe, maybe that was weighing on his mind. Oh, so people don't understand, man. Sometimes, boy, you, you have stuff going on and you have to be able to compartmentalize. And some people compartmentalize better than others. Some people can stay tunnel focused. When I'm on this football field, the most important thing is this football, me catching it, me intercepting and me sacking the quarterback or whatever's running the football, whatever the case may be. And then once I'm off this football field, I gotta deal with day-to-day of life. Yeah. Family, friends, loved ones, kids. And You know what, that's, that's why I like, that's why I love, when I was playing, I obviously, I didn't have, I didn't have many issues off the field until obviously on, on the backend.

(38m 31s):
But I'm saying during that, during that early time, that first decade, no, I ain't, I ain't had no issues. You did not. But what I was able to do, if I did have anything lingering, which was very, very, very small, I knew once I walked in that locker room, oh man, that's, that's my, that's my, that's my safe space. That's my heaven going to practice, going to meetings. I ain't had to worry about nothing. So life, everything was at ease. Once I entered that stadium, once I touched that grab once I could smell that grass. And I was at peace. And I understood once we, we, we got outta meetings and we watched film after practice. Okay, now back to reality, Because nobody cares.

(39m 13s):
Ocho they're like, I'm glad it's him not me. I don't care. He got 'em. Right. So at the end of the day, a lot of the problems, if they're not family oriented, I mean your family, they're really the only one they care, bro. You playing football, you make it $30 million a year, you make it x amount of money. I wish I made that kind of money. 'cause people think money solves everything. It Don't, it don't, It don't. Because I I I promise you there's, there's disappointment. There's heartache that even no amount of money can absolve you from that can, that can huge you from.

(39m 53s):
And so, You know, look, Tyreek is human and all humans have emotions. Now it takes dif different stimuli to trigger emotions. But the right stimulus will tremble. That will elicit sadness, disappointment, joy, heartbreak. Just the way that we are. We are who we are. Even the toughest. So I, I I hope I, I really do because I thought, I mean, look, he was, he, I still believe he's a hall of famer, but I wanna see him bounce back because I think he's one of the most talented receivers that ever played a game.

(40m 35s):
He's special. I'm glad he's not six foot tall. Can you imagine him six foot tall with that speed, with his mindset Ocho Well, if he was six foot tall, he wouldn't be able to do the things he's doing now at the height he is. Well, Hell look at Randy Moss. God made Randy Mos six ball. He gave him that speed. Randy Moss couldn't run routes. He ran a, he got 153 touchdowns. He did something. I don't know what he did a lot. He caught, yeah, he caught a lot of jump balls and he caught a lot of goal balls. But no, I mean, Randy wasn't trying to run no speed outs. He wasn't trying to, I mean, he run the hook, he run the smoke route catching him with a guy like Randy put the ball in his hands, all that other stuff.

(41m 18s):
He looked, he did put the ball in his hands. I'm gonna make you make a decision. How you gonna get him on the ground? Because I got in the ball. Hey that man, every time, every time I think about seeing Randy off the DB off, normally, You know the DB seven yards, three step. Read the quarterback after three step, get your ass back on the receiver, man. Randy, the dude is seven yards off. Randy take three steps. He done closed the cushion and threw his hand after he Throw up. Yeah. Hey, the DB stealing his damn backpedal, man. What the fuck are you doing? Hey.

(41m 58s):
And then, You know, the fade was coming on the, on, on the gold line inside the five, You know, the fade come And there with nothing you could do. Yeah. Nothing you could do. But, but Tyre could get it figured out. Yeah. He get it figured out. Patrick Mahome says, Travis Kelsey doesn't seem like the player seem like a player on his last ride. If it's his last ride, you would never know the way he's talking about football, the way he's talking about working, trying to be even better than la he was last year. It doesn't seem like a guy that's on his last ride or he's tired of the job. He's in here, he's working.

(42m 39s):
I know his body feels good. I think he feels better than even last year before going into last season. Just because he's motivated to have an even better year. Yeah. I, I, I think look, You know, new or relationship ocho new relationship, You know, he's out. You know, she, I'm support my lady and I think the thing I Think you deep down, and so he knows, he didn't put the, he didn't put the time in that he needed to. He didn't put that work in. He putting that work in now look like he, I guess he looked like his body's changed. He lost some weight. Me, you have to realize they're comparing Trav to a younger Trav.

(43m 22s):
They're not comparing him to La Porter and all these other guys. They're comparing to his younger self and what they saw him do. We used to him being the premier tight end and all the football. Ain't no question who best at Travis. Kel. Yeah. Now you got other guys, now you got Laporta said, Hey, what about me? You got McBride in Arizona saying, what about me? You got Bowers in, in Oakland? What about me? I mean, excuse me, Las Vegas. What about me? Yeah, Kittle. So you got other guys that like, hold on. Well it is not a foregone conclusion anymore. Now Travis is like, Hey, I wanna stay attached to that, that that best tied end conversation and it'll humble you, man.

(44m 4s):
Yeah, Yeah. You gotta put that work in, But also put this one thing putting in the work, but also he, he gonna need help as well. Well I think Rashe writes being back, you saw Worthy, you see him get better and better and better. Now if Trav comes back, 85% of what he was, 90% of what he was at his absolute best. You got Hollywood Brown back the question. Go Joe. Man, it's nice. Offense offensive. The offensive line. What they gonna look like, what offensive line gonna look like?

(44m 47s):
You know, they, they drafted offensive tackle out of Ohio State the first round to be a left tackle. Left tackle. Yeah. You got Trey Smith, you got Cre Humphrey, you got one of the best senator in football, one of the best rock guards in football where they were lacking at the other position and it sh it reared us, it reared us head in the Super Bowl. It did. But I'm glad Travis is putting that time in, You know, but at this point in time, Ocho You know, you don't, you don't, I mean sometimes, You know, but at the end of the day, you take it one year at a time now. Yeah, he done got past 10. It's one at a time. It ain't no more. And I got me five more.

(45m 29s):
I'm taking one at a time. If I get five. Woo. Thank you Jesus. If I get one, if I get two, hell I got two more than than than the original number that I set for myself. Right. At that point you just pray for you, pray you getting the extra years. Yeah, because I mean, I wanted five. I was like, man, if I can just get, if I could get me one. Once I got to one, I was like, man, if I get to five oh show Woo. Five years. Once I got to five, I was like a 10 is the goal. I gotta get 10. Lemme get to 10. Yeah. Once I gotta 10. Okay, lemme try to get 11. Lemme try to get 12. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to steal the year after year. Yeah. I sure one to steal me one. I, I don't think I was able to steal one, but I was gonna steal me one.

(46m 11s):
I don't know if it's gonna be 15 or 16, but I'll gonna steal one year. They like damn sharp show don't look the same. I'm not but them checks the same. I'm not, I'm not. No. Nope. Sharp can still run but sharp. Just can't get over like he would sharp ain't got the wiggle like he was had. Hmm.

(46m 32s):
When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base, get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(47m 8s):
Julio Jones says he's not rewatched his Super Bowl 51 loss to the Patriots. I had four opportunities the whole game. That's insane. That's ridiculous. Four targets in the Super Bowl. Also, Julio gotta understand who you playing. What does Bill Belichick do best take away a teen's best officer weapon. That's what he's for, to do. That's what he always, he's always has done regardless to where you line up, regardless to where you line up. The defensive play call is a, is made based on you line up. So he going boom, number one, he taking that out. Yep. Taking out. So I mean, Julio, I mean sure Julio understands that now. And anybody that's gonna play against the Bill Belichick defense understands that as well.

(47m 50s):
Hell, when I knew I was playing against the, the Patriots, I didn't get, I didn't get my hopes up because I already knew what time it was. I already knew who was gonna eat. Whoever the third receiver was, they gonna eat. You just understand that going to those games, I just didn't get when they got that lead, why they wouldn't run the football. But people say, well, you do what you did when you got what, what got you there. Yeah, but you gotta be smart. You gotta be smart Ojo. Yeah. And, and and and and and, and, and, and Kyle wasn't smart. And it, it falls on DQ two because he's the head coach. All right, run it. Hey, don't be afraid to run it here. Just to keep, to keep throwing the ball.

(48m 30s):
Stopping the clock. Why that? Yeah, they're not getting over that. And plus rewatching it does not change the outcome. You probably don't wanna, you probably don't wanna relive that. Hell no wanna relay that, don't wanna rehash it. Then you watch it and you only have four targets. I mean, you, there's really nothing to see. You had a great catch on guidelines though. Phenomenal catch. I'm sure you've seen that replay over and over and over, but losing a game like that, being up 28 3 and still losing, I mean, nobody wants to rehash or Because ojo, but at that point, when Julio made that spectacular catch, they in field goal range.

(49m 16s):
Yeah. Run the ball. Why would you throw it? Why run the ball, kick the field goal? Walk it off. Yeah. Hey, why did Russell Wilson not changed a play call to goddamn run, play and run? I'm, I'm, I'm betting on Marshal Lynching. Okay. They stopped him the first time. I'm betting Make him again. Make him stop him again. I'm betting you gonna, you gonna have to listen. You gonna have to show me for sure. And I ain't, I ain't putting the ball there And, and if I can't get it in, I don't deserve to win the ball game.

(50m 1s):
But if you, if you go back and think about it, Ocho they emptied the backfield so it, so marshan is not even a threat to run the football. Yeah. At least you gotta have him back there so he's a threat And give them something to think about. Yes. Yes. Coach Brian Schottenheimer said they are making changes to the cadence. Sounds like there'll be no more. Here we go, there it went. They changed it. Hey, that was dope, man. But outside, outside of the defense, being able to time it. I mean that would be the only, oh man, No, Here we go.

(50m 49s):
And I think that's, that would be the only issue. No, Just say set hut. Everybody tried to try to, some things you just can't. It's like, You know what Ocho, everybody trying to get, everybody's trying to get like a recording contract or a new recording contract singing the national anthem. It's the national anthem. Sing it and sit your ass, sit your ass down. Everybody wanna go up there and try to sing. But make it, draw it out. Two or three, two minutes, three minutes. Come on. If you sing in that, for the most part, if you sing National Anthem, you probably already got a contract. Especially if it's a big, a big, You know, big event, You know, super Bowl, all Star game, world Series and playoffs, yada yada, yada.

(51m 31s):
Come on now everybody try to dress it up. The, the cadence. Yeah. Blue 19. Blue 19 said Hut or you on Audible. We had blue. 59 Razor blue, 59 razor. But they did, they doing too much. They doing too much. Yeah. I couldn't even hear the, hey, I couldn't even hear the damn cadence. I just watched the ball. Well I had to hit occasion because there sometimes, but I, I would be a guy and I had to run, I had to run the adjust route. I had to run the seven route. Right. So I needed to, I I needed to hear, but for the most part, like when I'm in, expect without the tight end.

(52m 16s):
Now obviously, You know, they changed the play and I already knew I was hot. So I'm just, I'm seeing what, what they got Josh around. Okay. Right. They brought two to my side. They brought one to my side. Tds in TDS figured them up. They gotta bring two to make me hot. Hey, they bring something backside that doesn't, that doesn't impact me. Right. But there are sometimes we go into a game that like, hey, if you get, Hey Pete, they bring, they might bring, they might only bring one, one side, but if they bring the guy backside, just, if you see him coming, just, just turn around seven, you give him a look. But Ocho a fan records himself running on the field during the Yankees Angel game.

(52m 59s):
Ocho, you said you want to try everything. What the chance wants to know when you're gonna try to run on the field during the game? Wait, he Ran on. There you go. Right there. Did they catch him? Yeah. Yeah, they caught him. Hey, You know what's funny? What, What, what's taking, what's taking security so long to get to Him? To him Man. O yo, you make it seem back, the security guards at one point in time were football players to attract athletes. You've seen them. Oh, he got away Big caught him big, got him C Oh Hey listen, I I'm not, listen, I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not going embarrass security like that man, because You know it good and well, they, they not, they not catching me.

(53m 51s):
Let, let's, let's start there. The fact that I'm still active, still running, still playing soccer at a, at a, at a very, very good level, not elite level, but at a very, very good level. It, it, it, it, it would no, and I don't wanna make headlines for the wrong read. If I'm make, if I'm make any headline, it's gonna be something good. Okay. Alright. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Mark Monroe said from Seattle we shall be returning to the NBA soon. For now, we'll just keep innovating the world for you all.

(54m 34s):
Yes, mark. It's been reported that Seattle and Las Vegas are the two favorite to get the new two teams, and they're looking around $6 billion for that. Woo Woo. I'm sure the the, the 30 on other owners are like, yeah, Seattle. Y'all got it? Vegas. Y'all got it. Mark, again, thank you for your donation and yeah, Seattle, I mean, yeah, we, Seattle was a good base. Seattle was, yeah, Seattle.

(55m 15s):
I, I, I remember the Supersonics when, when, You know, when they had the Rainman, Sean Kemp and they had Gary Peyton Dela Shrimp was up there for a while. Jack Sigma, I remember when they won the championship with Gus. Gus Johnson. They called him the wizard, Dennis Johnson. They had really, they had really good teams. Had some really, really, really good teams. Mark, are you gonna be a season ticket holder? As a matter of fact, I went to a Supersonic game when I visited the Seahawks out the fridge.

(55m 57s):
And in 2002 I went to a game Ray. Took, took, took me to a game. I'm trying to think. I think Ray Allen was still there. Was Ray still there in 2002? I wanna say he was Who was on the team in 2002? Rashaan Lewis. It was, yeah, it was like in March. Who's on the team then? Was GP on the team?

(56m 42s):
He had to be. Oh, with the Lakers? Nah. Okay. Was anybody else on the team? Good? Oh yeah. Wow. Yeah. I don't, that was so long ago. I, I don't, I, like I said, I don't even really remember. I don't even know if they won or loss.

(57m 22s):
Tyron said, what's up Uncle Ocho? Is Tyrese Halliburton a superstar? No. I said he is a star but not a superstar in my opinion. But You know, people, he's a star. Fear of New Jersey. Ain't no casual buying tick to see no Halliburton true. D Rob, it's obvious Nap time showed New York grace better to enjoy the victory at home via fight through a riot at the Mecca afterwards. Millions saved. Just make sure you take care of business at home. James Ribo, Ribo, Giannis to the Lakers. I'm sure they can bring in, bring in a third Dallas as a team to do something stupid and get across the finish line.

(58m 8s):
Robert Vazquez. Hey Unc. Either my boy, he finna pay you off soon as it happened. 5,200 pocket chain for at least something on the watch. You going to have to right now. Love the show. It's 5,900 right now and it's going up $2 a day. Two bucks a day. Yeah. Boy, in this economy. Yeah, I need my money in this economy. I'm in this economy too. Think about how long you owed me Ocho. I know, but think about all the things I had to go through since I ochi you and me both.

(58m 48s):
Sir Kate. Sir Kate, my guys two question, if Kyle Piss has another lackluster season, what's his future looking like with the Falcons that should Trey Hendrickson play sit out or ask for a trade If the Bengals don't play him, pay him what he's earned. No. And if he has another lackluster season, I don't think they picked up the 50 option on Kyle pitch. Try to make him motivated. Yeah. If he has another lackluster season, he will not be in Atlanta after this season. That being said, Trey Henderson, it's hard to see. I think he plays, but not before he sets out the first half to get that accredited season. Oh, I see what you mean.

(59m 28s):
Yeah. He, I I, You know what? I don't know what he is gonna do, but I know one thing when it comes to business, if you serious about your money, if they know you love the game of football, they will play with you. They Sure will. They will play with you. 'cause they know you love it and they know you can't stay away from it. So in order for you to get your money, if you really serious about business, you're gonna have to put that love for the game Aside. You do. And really show. They use that against you all the time. Mocho. I know. Yeah. Oh, oh, there you, oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. They gonna bet against you every time. Elvin Elden milk milking Mel Ocho, you need to come see. You need to come to Cincinnati to watch your guy Kai Kamara at FCC wearing 85 for you.

(1h 0m 12s):
Oh yeah. That's my guy Kai. That Kai Kai is my guy, man. He just just signed the FFC Cincinnati. I gotta, I gotta get out to a game. I gotta get out to a game very soon. Very soon I'll be out there. Leotta Rose, shout out Nightcap Mos Ash. Unc ocho. Did you see the OKC win coming? And what do you think is next? I think they're gonna be favored over whomever they face in the NBA finals. I don't know. I, I think they put a graphic up on the screen that they split OKC and Indiana. I think they both won two games. This se I think they split this season. So it'll be interesting. But I think, I think OK C's gonna be favored.

(1h 0m 54s):
They look like the best team in the, in the playoffs this year. They went seven games with Denver. Blew that game wide open. This series wasn't merely much of a series they won going away. And if they were to win the series, I mean right now they got the largest margin of victory of anybody that's been in the playoffs. They winning by like 13, 14 points a game. So they're gonna be favorite. Dcha Uncle Ocho, love the show. Thanks for bringing great content on a nightly basis. Guys, can you give a shot? Shout out to my son Jamir and his good friend jj, these two guys will be graduating from high school tomorrow.

(1h 1m 33s):
Do Ball. We absolutely can. Jamir and jj, congratulations. Congrats graduating high school, the end of one journey, start of another one. Congratulations guys, of all the hard work that you guys have put in and Dcha, thank you guys for your, thank you for your support and congratulations Jamir and jj. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.

(1h 2m 17s):
Guys, I wanna thank you again. You guys have been so great to us. We are officially 1.77 million, 1,770,000. We could not have done that without you in less than two years. So all the accolades and all the attention that we've received is because of you. And I wanna thank you. Ocho wants to thank you and everybody at Nightcap because it's because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth that we've been able to ascend to the height that we've ascended to. So again, thank you. Make sure you check out Shade by La Porter. We have it in stock now if you can't find it, any city or a state near you, we're coming soon shortly, trust me. Believe me. But if you can't find it, order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door.

(1h 2m 59s):
It's the best tasting V-V-S-O-P, premium VSOP on the market. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. Make sure you go check out she Shea Medium, my company on all of its platforms and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending. The chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. And so please grab yours while supplies last. The Knicks stay alive. Force game 6 1 11 to 94 over the Indiana Pacers at home. They returned on Saturday to Indiana. Jalen Brunson was sensational. 12 of 18. Four seven from three perfect from the free throw line. 32 points Kat 24 11.

(1h 3m 39s):
He got 11 from og. 12 from Mikhail Bridges and Josh Hart chipped in off the bench with 12 points and 10 rebounds and they win one 11 to add 94 to force a game. Six back in Indiana. I'm up. He's Ocho. We're back Saturday, right? We're back Saturday. Will Indiana close it out and face OKC? Or can the New York Knicks force the game seven, the game on Sunday? I'm unc. He's ocho. The volume.

(1h 4m 18s):
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself

(1h 4m 46s):
When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that mows with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners, just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(1h 5m 16s):
In honor of Military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.

(1h 6m 16s):
This Is an iHeart podcast.