
Yo, what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be. Wendy's right Now. You can get a Junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


At T-Mobile, our critical mission is providing unparalleled 5G coverage for when connectivity is mission critical. Introducing T priority America's Best 5G Network experience for first responders, even in times of congestion. More capacity, faster speeds, better coverage. T priority from T-Mobile built for tomorrow's emergencies. Ready today. Discover more@t-priority.com For qualifying organizations on eligible rate plans. Coverage not available in some areas and may be impacted by emergencies.


At Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of well everything. Everything from First Steps, the first dates from all-nighters to all time personal best. From building pillow forts to building a life, building Life for all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. Dsw SW is there. Is there. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at worthy prices at your DSW store or dsw.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer Beatles. Cinderella's advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers. It is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0. And if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if your 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard tests performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


What else? We got video of Dak Prescott has gone viral for looking like he's in the best shape of his life. Report. Says he's down 33 pounds. He's sitting at 2 0 5 down from 2 38. Hamstring is solid. Expect to see Lamar Jackson level of athleticism this year from Dak. He's also considering rocking a single sleeve. Hello. First of all, Dak never had Lamar Jackson's athletic system. So you can't jump about you gonna have something that you never had. What guys? Don't be cut. Ocho athleticism is something that you're born with. Yeah. Now listen, also, listen, him being down however many pounds he is down.


The smaller you are, the better you move. The smaller, the smaller you are, the better you're going to be able to move. Maybe extending plays. You, you might, you might not be. You need that weight to take them pounds that hit them. Hit. Yeah, That, that, that too. So Bryce. Bryce, He ain't never taken to NFL hit at 2 0 5. That's a big difference. Yeah, you right. But I still think it, it can be, it can, I think being smaller for that can be advantageous for him in his game and being able to obviously extend plays, move around a little bit better, be a little bit quicker, You know, lighter on his feet. It, it, it be, it could be cool, But also Ocho you have to factor in.


He broke his leg. Dag was never the most athletic. But why we gotta go to the bo Arguably you're talking about one of the two or three most athletic quarterbacks in the history of the game. Right? So you go to that comparison. That's a good one. That's A good one. Why you gotta go all the way to the top And you fall short? Guess what? You, if you fall, if, if you fall Short, you so ain as athletic. If I'm not as athletic as Lamar, I'm athletic as Dak Prescott. Okay. Hey, ain't no InBetween. I don't know. He didn't gimme no InBetween. He went say to the top, he didn't gimme no InBetween. What am I supposed to work with?


Hey. And that's, that's funny. That's funny. I know one, I know one thing. Jerry better get Dax some goddamn, excuse me. Some help. We need, I'm sorry about we, my bad. I'm tripping. They need a number two receiver. They need a good number two. A solid number two. Yeah. Hold on, hold on. Whoa, Whoa. Ready Cook went to New Orleans. It just dawned on me. What, what if Jerry go get Tyreek And Pam have two receivers making 30 million. Huh? I mean, shoot, we got two making 30 million Cincinnati. I mean, what's what the, talk to me. When did Jerry, when did Jerry done that? He never done it. And that's the problem. When Dollar 2015 When you heard me.


Huh? When did the Bengals ever made a historic deal like that with two receivers? Never. If you want things to change, you gotta do things you've never done before. Maybe Jerry might do something he never done before. Tyreek Hill from the dolphin to the Cowboys who says no, Jerry. And that's the, that's the only person. That's the only person. That's the only person that really matters. I mean, if you look at it on Joe, he normally does one year deal somewhere in the ranger. Two up $8 million. Whoa. This ain't, this ain't no Oh. Oh, okay. I see, I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying.


Yeah. Ocho, that man wouldn't go spend Derrick $8 million for Derrick Henry. Derrick Henry. Yeah. And You think he gonna spend $30 million for Tyreek? Hey, The man said to, You know Derrick Henry, You know he, he probably would've done that when, considering Derrick Henry has done that every year he's been in the league. Yeah. Except the year he got hurt and he had 1100 yards in about eight, nine games When he got hurt. Yeah. But if you look at him, he's rushed for 2000. He's rushed for 15. He has what the second most 1500 yard rush season behind Barry. I don't, I don't. And you think that man gonna spend $30 million on the receipt? I listen, I'm, I I'm just, I'm just saying if I was a owner, if I was a owner and I'm hearing speculation, I'm hearing rumors And I know I could use the number two along CD lamb.


I wanna do everything I possibly can to make job even easier. Add another off offensive weapon. Take some of the pressure not off, not only off of Dak, but take some of the pressure off CD lamb, give him some one-on-one opportunities for a change. I mean, it's, it's just something I would do. I mean, Jerry Jones, let's make a splash most valuable franchise. Let's make a splash yous in headlines. Let's make a splash As much as you. That sounds like a a very good idea. I don't see that happening though, Joe. I really Don't. I see you. I'm just saying, if I was the owner, that's what I, I, that's what I, I would do.


Oh, Joe, I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be in the headline for what I say. I wanna be the headline for what I do and I'm making a splash When the Cowboys ain't done that in 30 years. So They more then they're mainly in the headline for what, what they say, not what they do. Yeah. During an appearance on Bill for more podcasts. Brock Purdy said he thought fatigue played a big role in the 49 ERs dropped to six and 11 last season. Last year. Man guys were tired. That season is no joke. And when you go from July to training camp and everything and all the way to the end of February, and then you really get five weeks off. So until you've got the report back and then you going to go, you're doing, going at it again.


Guys are tired. They're still beat up their bodies. Is that a valid excuse, Joe? Nah, they weren't tired. That wasn't, they wasn't tired. But I, but I I, I can tell you why, I can tell you why that record was what it was because of injuries. Like, I can tell you that that's why it looked the way it did last year and had nothing to do with being Tired. Well, cheats will be exhausted. I don't even know how the cheat, I don't even know how the Chief's holding up. Hey. 'cause they've been in, they've been in five Super Bowls in the last six years. Yeah. They go to the a c championship game every year. Every Year. So If, if y'all are tired from That.


So what are they? Yeah. I don't even know how to, I don't know how the Chiefs, I don't even know how the Chief's holding up on Joe. I don't, I honestly, I don't, yeah, I mean it, I I understand what Brock is saying, but no, every, everybody's tired at that point. Especially depending on how far you make it into the play, into the postseason. Everybody's tired, everybody's injured. I don't like, I I Ocho let's just say for the sake of argument, me And you And we And you And I, we are arguing. Why would you even say that? Do guys, do God understand how that when they say things that seems like you're making excuses. Oh, do they understand how people look at it?


Like you're making excuses. Right? I but also, see, this is what I talked about too. Also you want players telling the truth. Now remember I said that? Yes. I wish players would be more honest on how they truly feel instead of always being goddamn politically correct. Now we're getting players that are telling the truth on how they truly feel and we're chastising them for it not Being, i I don players telling the truth. So you like McMillan said that he don't like watching film and he doesn't study film on Oh, no, No, no, no, no. I That's what Just said. You said you want players telling the truth. He said it both ways. You just said you like players telling the truth. Macmillan told the truth.


He doesn't like studying film. He doesn't watch film alone. Right. Because he watched it as a group at practice. Right. So you okay with that? No, I'm not. Why not? He told the truth. I, you, you, you asked me a question now I I answered your question. I want people to be a little bit more honest sometimes. Okay. He love, that's all. But you're not okay with that honesty. I ain't like, I ain't like that honesty. No, I ain't like that one. Oh Lord Mercy. And you got you. You gotta, you, you gotta pick and choose what you, what you saying now. That's my pocho. You just made my point. Pick and choose in this situation. Why would you get, why would you make an excuse? Hey, it didn't work. We didn't play our best football. That's on me. I've gotta play better.


Guys around me gotta play better. So even when guys get injured, we lost some key players. Right. But guys that come in, we're plenty good enough with the guys that we had to replace. Even if you don't believe that, because ain't no making up for Christian McCaffery. You ain't got nobody. That guy's an offensive player of the year. Yeah, he was in the MVP discussion. See hey, Big trend. But hey guys have to come in and do their jobs when the starters go down. That's why you're at that position, bro. Don't gimme that. We were tired. What the hell you think Kansas City was? Kansas City had gone, they went back to back Super Bowl and went to the third Super Bowl. So they should have been exhausted.


Yeah. And remember Ocho the year before they went to the championship game and the year before that they went to the Super Bowl. Hey, You know what though, man, man, that's, I don't know. Just everybody, everybody sound like some damn robots. Everybody would sound like some robots. I mean that's, that's basically what the NFL sounds like in general. You listen to quarterbacks talk, you listen to certain players talk. Everything is the same. It's the same thing, same story, same answer, same, same everything. So you like the excuse making? Nah, I didn't. No, I'm just saying.


I'm just saying. So When was that? So tell me what that was. Oh, that was the excuse about being tired. Yeah. I don't get tired on it. Listen. No, that's what he said. So you okay with the excuse making? That's that's how he felt. I didn't, I listen, I he's telling the truth on how he felt. Okay. I felt we went six 11 or whatever it may have been because we were tired. Well I, to me, based on what I saw, it had nothing to do with me tired. I saw How have you god damn team depleted. Are you out Williams, out Christian McCaffrey out. Okay, there you go. Three goddamn damn stars out. That's why you at six and 11, I can tell you that.


I don't, I just don't get these guys, man. Everything, everything shouldn't, you don't have to say everything. Yeah. Hey, sometimes you gotta be real unc man. Oh my goodness. Hey Brock. Say boy, we was, we was tired. Oh man. I used to, Hey, listen, when I used to go to school, man. Huh? You wanna know what Tide is on. I used to walk 12 miles uphill both ways to go to school. Now I would get tired talking about he was tired man, his shooting.


Well, football is recreation. That's fun Man. I just look there, there, there are ways that you can say things and to get your point across and, and, and with these guys now. But I, I look, see, I can tell the people and that's in the chat Ocho that's never been a part of a team. Right. Because they wanna say anything. 'cause they don't care because at the end of the day, when you are part of a team, you just can't say anything. You just can't do anything because it's for the betterment of the team. When you're an individual. Now, Serena Wet wanna say she was tired. Okay.


That's Serena. She ain't got nobody to fill in for. Right. Tiger Woods wanted to say he was tired. Well that's fine. But when you are a part of a team, you understand. Right. And a lot of times people have never been a part of a team or part of a winning team. There's a difference between the two. Yeah. Go back and study my track record Talk to him. Huh? I know Kian doll. I know. That's why I'm single. I'm okay with being single. Wait, it seems like you not okay with being single. Hold on. What, what was the name? Ocho? Hold on. It seems like Elcho. You know what it seemed like? Yeah. It seemed like everybody got a problem with me being single but me.


And who said I was single? You got you somebody. I don't remember. I don't remember saying anything. Hold on. You got you somebody and ain't tell nobody. Yeah, I've never told anybody anything. I don't say yay or nay. Okay. You know I can let people talk. Oh, lemme, lemme Know It better that way because I like when people, I like when people say, well I thought this was this. Okay. Right. Man, I ain't know you. I didn't know I supposed to make an announcement. I just try to figure out So what I supposed to, what I supposed to tell people? Make an announcement. I mean, I would, I listen, I've been trying to hook you up with somebody for damn near three years now. And you, I would lie. I ain't, I ain't got no flat tire.


Why you trying to hook me up? You a tow truck. What the hell? Hey boy. Hey, hey. You saw what I, what I what I sent you earlier today? I Saw that. Man. Boy, listen. You know I don't go nowhere, but I told you two 20. I told you 2025. I'm not playing. I'm going out. You need to get, I'm, I'm Stepping out. You need to get back. You need to get, you need to get back. You need to get your ass back inside. Why? What happened? You just need to be inside. No, we still got how many, how many more months we got before 2025 is up. Nine. What?


So we got nine more months of me being outside and nine more months of me putting on clothes. But listen, let me lemme finish though. Go ahead. I went out, I went out, I went out Saturday. Yeah. I went to a, a, a little place, little nice little lounge. I, You know, I don't really go nowhere. So I'm excited. Right. I'm like a little kid. Little little Lounge is in, in Brow called, called Isha. It was very nice. You know they played some good music. Good, good oldies too. Okay, good. Oldies. 80, 90. Okay. I like that. Hey, they played Min Condition. I ain't heard this song from Min Condition since 1994. Please tell you, please tell me on Remember the song so fine Song fine. Fun? Yeah. Oh, hey DI was so rude.


I told the DJ I had him run it back three times. Huh. Damn. I, I swear, I sw I had him run it back three times. I ain't heard it in so long and it sounded so good. Then the day, the day I went to, I went to something in, in in in B Broward called, called BB Sundays. They was in there cutting up. You hear me? Were They? Yeah. Oh yeah, they was in There a appearance. Huh? You need me to come down there and make a gift appearance? Man, They told me To man. They, No, they told me to ask you Slim cat. I know you gonna see this. He told me, man, tell come on down here because what I sense you, it's like all over this. Just look just like that.


I'm trying to be good. So I'm just trying to, I'm trying to look And you gotta, Hey, you gotta come to Miami. Let the people in Miami see you, huh? Yeah, it is Okay. You ain't gotta Come on. Hey, we, I can take it to Tushies. You hear me? Can take it to, I don't wanna go no place like that. Wait, I can take, okay, lemme take you to Booby trap. Well What you are you gonna cut by boob? Take me a booty trap? No, booby trap Booty. Yeah, that's where you get it from. You go to Booby Trap And you get the booty. Nah, no, I'm done with you man. Man, man. Lemme live on Joe.


Hey, hey listen. I'm, what's up? Lemme tell you. Talking about living. I'm having a good time, boy. You hear me? I'm, I'm listening. The things that I'm doing are outta character. It just feels good to be outside for a change. It feels good to, to look good for a change and not repeat the same outfit for seven, eight days in a row. And it's, I I'm just, I'm, I'm just happy I'm at peace. It it, it feels good. It looks good on me. Hey. Hey Chad. Cam, An interesting debate happened on X this weekend. All in their prime. Which wide receiver are you cutting?


There was four wide receivers. Larry Fitzgerald, Steve Smith, Chad Ochocinco, Johnson, Reggie, Wayne Cheer. I'm cutting me. Who y'all cutting? Chad Ocho. Chad, we allall. Cutting. I'm I'm cutting. Fitz. Reggie. Wayne, what you thinking Ocho? Who you got? Shoot, I'm cut. I'm cutting me. I mean, we got two, two Florida boys, you and Reggie Smitty from Cali and Fi is from Minnesota. Seems like Reggie Wayne getting cut.


Somebody talking about Smitty And, and, and, and You know it, it is so difficult. It's so difficult, man. You look at those dudes, man. Legend, legend, legend. I'm talking about Legends. Oh yeah. Larry Re hey, that, that run, that was that 2009 in the Super Bowl that No, that playoff run Larry Gerra had. Yeah, the Super Bowl run he had. Yeah, it's a Super Bowl run. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh my God, man. He was sensational. Steve Smith that year. That's Billy had a run too. When he put like two, he put like 200 something on Chicago. 200 something on the Rams. And overtime, The Triple Crown year. That was the triple Crown year wasn't oh five.


Man. Stop playing. He was cutting up and re and You know Reg Reggie was Reggie. Yeah. Reg Reggie was a perfectionist on the, on the other side of Marvin Harrison. Man. Legendary man. All them boys. We just put the poll up, we gonna see. We'll check back at the end of the night.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast. Don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the Murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah. Massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas verse Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You Mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Struggling to get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for everybody and budget. But what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep in your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses. Plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off.


Justin Fields will start the 2025 season as a team starter. General manager. Dar Darren Mogie. I guess that is how you say it. The just G, we believe Justin is the starter. We believe in Justin. We believe we can win with Justin. We're excited about Justin's potential Fields 26 will follow Aren Rogers who went six and 12 in two years as the starter fields went four and two in his six starts last season. Throwing five touchdowns with an inception. The jet sign fields to a two year deal hoping he can prove their long, can prove their long term starter.


You like what the G You like the G Showing confidence. I, I love that he came out and said this song Justin has done, he's had to deal with enough, he had to deal with enough when he was in Chicago, them letting him go. Not believing in him, him going to the Steelers, him getting the job because Russell got injured. Right. Then when Russell gets back the job of taken away from 'em. So to to hear the GM over the Jets say you are our starter and Now you have nothing to worry about. You don't have to look over your shoulder so you can just go play football. Agree. The main thing is the main thing. Now the ball is in your court.


You have a chance to solidify yourself as a starting quarterback for the New York Jets based on your play. And if it doesn't work out the way it should, it's nobody else's fault except your own. Yeah. I don't know who the OC is. O Ocho. I think the thing is people looking at the Jets, like look at the team. Look at the players that have left the jet and the success they've had. Yeah. Look at Gino. Look at Sam. Donna Now the difference is look at what Gino was throwing to in Seattle. Right? Look at what Sam Donna was throwing to now are y'all going to give him, are y'all gonna give Justin Field those type of weapons? I mean they need, they need one more if they want to add one.


Okay. Because you already have one in Garrett Wilson who was able to win. He had a hell of a hell of a goddamn rookie season and things kind of tapered off a after that. But we know what he can do. If you are able to give him the ball And you put him in positions to make some of the plays that other players are getting the opportunities to make around the league, You know what you can do with that. So we, we had the draft coming up. I mean I think all off season acquisitions or or moves have been made to date so far. So Malice in the pallet. Oh, oh. From the, from the Lions. Oh okay. Okay. So AG brought passing game coordinator.


Okay. Okay. I hope, I hope Fields figure this thing out. Yeah. 'cause he is a, he is Tanner T Strand. I mean those, these guys got these last long And you crazy ass name. Eng Strand, England, Eng Strand. Eng Strand, Tanner. Good luck bro. Hey, hey, they just gonna call him coach. You know, a lot of times they call people hey, they call people by their last name. Nah. Yeah. Hey Tanner, coach don't show. The new torpedo bass drew attention when the New York Yankees hit a team record.


Nine home runs that traveled to combine 3,695 feet on Saturdays. The bass are using a strikingly different model in the wood is moved lower down the barrel after the label and the shapes end up looking like a bowling pin. Paul Goldsmith, Cody Bellinger, Austin Wales, Anthony Bloke, jazz Chm Homer in New York's 29 route of Milwaukee brewers also Aren Judge hit three home runs. The Yankees hit four more Homers today and a 12 three winning Sunday. 15 homers through the first three game matched the most in a single series. The first three games of the season.


Detroit Tigers for the most in major league history. They're technically legal. What do you think about these bats? So Joe, have you seen them? No, I haven't seen them. I haven't, I haven't seen They Look like a bowling pin. Like a bowling pin. Aren judge does not use the bat. He said the reason why he's not using the bat, he said, did you see the season I had last year? Why would I change? I like it. Led the league in home, led the league in rbis And I finished third in, in in batting average. Yeah. So almost won the triple crown. Yeah. I won my second MVP in three seasons. Yeah. Why would I change my bat now? The other guys, Hey I get it.


They can do their thing. Yeah. If it's not, if it's not, if it's not broke, don't fix it. So obviously Aren, that's exactly What he said. Yeah. So which Which I don't blame him. Right. I Mean, I'm putting up those numbers And I got a four, I got a a $360 million contract that's paying me $40 million a year change. And do what? Yeah. You, you right. I mean listen, this Is what the people want. This heard me? Huh? This is what the people want when it comes to baseball. Yeah. They want slap they want, they want, they want home runs. They want dingers. Yes. And they getting dingers, early chick Chicks dig the long ball. Yeah. Hey, they love it.


They love it. Ocho that's what anything in football. What do they want points in basketball. What do they want? Points? Yeah. Baseball. They want home runs. Aate, those purest games on Joe where it's a one nothing or a two one. Nobody want that. Those games where it's ten seven in football, ain't nobody trying to see that. Right. 35, 31. Somebody walk it off. I remember them days, man. I remember them days. Them good days. My but my baseball days. Keep it going. Yankees, keep it going.


Ocho The malice and the palace part two. Did you see the fight earlier tonight? Fight broke out between the Timberwolves, Pistons, NAS Reed and Juan Holland. Exchange words leading to a scrapping between almost everyone on the court. Yeah. Seven players were rejected. Who was e Who was rejected? Do we, do we know who rejected? I wouldn't, I wouldn't. Isaiah Equate that Isaiah Stewart. I guarantee you I, Isaiah Stewart got rejected. You heard me? Huh? I wouldn't equate this to the, the malice and the palace. That's, that's, that's more, Yeah. Coaches even got into it. Okay. You had Holland, Isaiah Stewart, Mar Marcus Sasser, head coach. JB Bickerstaff were injected on Detroit side.


Ns Reed, Dante Deville, Pablo Poni from the Wolves were also tossed. Damn. Coach got Squab. I ain't see no, I ain't see no punches or nothing. I just see a little tussling, You know, a little, little wrestling now Malice in the palace. That that was, that was, that was World rumble. Yeah. I mean, punches going everywhere. I mean, listen, I wonder, I wonder what, wonder what started that, that had to be a a, a constant buildup throughout that game. Damn. Oh, get off me boy.


Man. Adam s Silver ain't gonna like this. Adam s Silver say, Hey, the Raiders are down, but we don't wanna get 'em back like this. Hey, but listen, something like that, even as, as small as it may, it, it might've been little fist cuffs, but that'll get some, that'll get some viewership now. Yeah. They to some dollars out your pocket. David Stearling that bull jive up. I don't know you before you retired, but the seventies Ocho Yeah. In the eighties, early eighties. They squa. I mean they think it wasn't no pushing the shoving, they were throwing things. They let the band go. Yeah. David Stern said, oh no, ain't no more. Ain't no more. And and see after the malice of the palace, when David Stern put that, put that paint on, on Metal World Peace, I think Steven Jackson got fined and got suspended.


Jermaine O'Neill, Germa O'Neill, I think they ended up Big. Ben Wallace got suspended. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Man. So they made it so cost prohibited. Ocho they su I mean Ronald Ortez got suspended. 56 games. That's damn near whole check you making 10, $12 million. That's gone. I ain't tried the game. Hey, I catch your ass in the off season, bro. Hey, hey Mojo. Hey. I catch you in the off season And you better have a P on. 'cause when I see I'm gonna slap the shit at you. Yeah. Yeah. Hey that, that's, that's crazy. Yeah. That make sure you got some baby wipes.


Yeah, we got this. Do. Hey, where did I read at? Oh, it's Where Read? Huh? You said babe, you talking about dude, you talking about dude? Yeah. I said no, I'm just saying, You know. Oh hey, I can't give, I can't give him that kind of money. Ocho. And that's why you see guys, they making 50, 60 million and they somebody, hey, I'd have punched him. No, you wouldn't have and lose $40 million. Can you punch somebody? Yeah. Y'all let, hey, if you wanna, you wanna make give up $40 million, you need to go into boxing. Bud is available. Bill a Vance. You know who know better be up some, somebody like that. I ain't punching nobody for no $40 million. Damn. I their damn mine. Nuh at all.


I mean, it, it, it sounds good in theory, but like I say, guys's just going to, You know, look, you shove somebody, You know your guy gonna run grab you. Their guy gonna run grab him. Yeah. Ain't nobody really tried to Waller. Yeah. And I ain't Trying to give him that kind of money. Just Yeah. Hey, just a little tussling, that's all. No, no, no big deal. No, no, no, no big deal. No pun no punches. Stone, nobody injured. Nobody hurt. So all, all this fear, love and war man. Tensions got a little high sometimes. That's what it comes to. It does. But I look, when they say Detroit, I already knew Isaiah Stewart was gonna be a part of it.


He he he be he'd be in the mix. Huh? Every, Every type. There's not one incident that has happened in Detroit since he's been there. He hadn't been a part of It. Didn't part of it. Oh. They call him beef stew. He didn't force it in. Yep. He he gonna be a part of it. Yeah. And so, like I said, when you said Detroit, oh yeah. He hit it, hit it. You a no no question whatsoever. But Ocho, Lamar, Lonzo, ball, and Mr. A s snitching on Lalo back in the day. Ocho you ever snitch on your siblings?


If so, for what? You, You know what? I two brothers, Chauncey and Sam, I, I'm, I'm, I've never been in a position where I've had to tell on them that, that that's, Hey, that's, that's a good one. That's a good one. I've never been in a position where I had to, You know, snitch on my, my little brother or my older brother. I'm snitching You gonna tell? Huh? Or you just playing? I could be you. I my silence can be bought. Oh, you going then you gonna bribe God. You gonna extort Him. Yep. You gonna extort spanking My brother, my sister, my aunt Papa.


Oh man. Social Got suspended because You know they ride the bus and then they get go at school and they walk uptown until time you go back and then they get on the bus to go home. Right. Gotta cost you $5. Oh, come on Unc. You can't do That. Hey Granny, lemme me check Spanky, me and Spanky outta school. We would, the states spur went shopping Now you gonna tell about that? They didn't even do nothing wrong. My silence could be bought. Now if you don't want me to snitch, go ahead break bread. Yeah. Hey, that's a good one. I know. Why y'all, y'all don't wanna, Hey, You know what that remind me of? And I'm gonna see if you remember it.


I don't think people in the chat might not know about it. Obviously you come from the church. I'm coming from the church. Please tell me Unc remember the, the song by Mississippi Mass choir called Pull the Wagon? I don't remember that one with a Little, with a little boy. He threw the rock and hit the duck. Yeah. And his sister saw it. And for her, for him, for his sister not to tell his parents that he killed the duck by throwing the rock. He had to, he had to pull in the wagon. I don't remember. I don't, You, you ain't never heard. You ain't never heard that story. Oh man, you, you, you like, you got, you gotta hear it. 'cause as soon as you said I can, my, my salad can be bought. That's the first thing that came to mind. I tell on everything now. See I have a aunt now.


She was, she perfect The way you keep my silence. Right. Dairy queen burger milkshake, fries. Go do what you wanna do. I'm gonna sit in the car, lead the win the crack. Oh man. Now, because You know we supposed to go for a, my grandfather say point A. Point B. Point B. Yeah. Okay. Nah, we didn't go 0.8. What about we went to C too. And my grandma take that boy with you. Yeah. Take that boy with you. Yeah.


So you could tell exactly where he take all the stops. Like I wouldn't when I would, you better pay me. Oh, that's funny. Pay me look so little something to hold me. Watch little $2 here. Two, there ain't nothing. That's It. Yeah. Keep be quiet now. And I just so You know, Now you, I, there have been times that I have been paid and they've made me mad at a later date and time And I still had to regurgitate what I knew. Oh, you come on man. You can't, I'm Just saying. I, You know, Hey, Well I, hey, I know, I know nothing to do. Nothing wrong with you man. God. Acho, if I pay taxes in 2024, does that mean I ain't gotta pay taxes in 2025?


It's still fresh. So be on your best behavior. Don't be talking crazy to shit. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. So I have, I have done that. You know, I, I apologize. All Right. Anybody that, that I snitched on any of my aunts, my sister, my brother. I would apo I wanna take this time now to apologize. Damn. Huh? Yeah. You can't use This time to apologize. You, You know, you, You know snitches get snitches man. Not when Barney Porter was alive. I wasn't getting no stitches because I tell that too.


Boy, look here, all I had to do was make a noise. Right. Hey, what's going on with that boy? Hey, don't play, don't play. Boy. If I start crying, yeah. Papa stick is it? Hey, what the, the hell going on out there? You gonna raise hell. Huh? Okay. Okay. Here, here, here. My, here here. I can get you $3. Don't say nothing. Nothing. I fell. My brother had to punch me or something tripped me. But y'all shot out.


Oh yeah. I tell, I was tell, I would tell back then. No cho I would, I apologize though that I wanna say that was not the Shannon that I am today. Yeah. Oh. So, okay. So you won't, you won't tell today though. I ain't Telling you. Alright. George Jordan was late. Hey y'all, Jordan was late today. I called him, asked him for something. He ain't return by call. He was late. He got here after Ash. Appreciate that though. We had, he had to thank No, no. Yeah, he was late the first time. He'd been late in a minute.


Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. No, no. Don't even do that. I be late boo. No, I I don't tell nothing. Yeah. Not now. Back then I was different. Me got it. I was trying to find myself E even even yeah Unc, I just, I can't find it in myself to tell. It's easy. Especially, especially if it's something, if it's something I saw or something that I might have witnessed or something, I just, I, I, I can't, What did I witness? I Whatev, whatever it may have been.


I'm, I'm just saying in general, I don't know the circumstance, but I just, I I can't, I can't tell 'em, I can't tell 'em my brothers, I can't. I I can't do that. No, no, no, no. Not, no. Hold on. What did they do now? Who did it? Let, let ask you who did it. I don't know. I ain't see Yeah, you, you asked me. I I ain't see I'm, I'm Rachel. I'm Rachel. I'm saying it gotta be who did it now my brother. Not now. Nah, somebody don't know. Oh yeah, that's him. I'm pick him out. Yeah, that's him right there. Well God, God. Yeah. Right there ain't nobody, ain't nobody, ain't nobody know.


I'm like, what? What Jordan? I don't know. I said, how You know you talk to Jordan all the time. You tell me. I I talked to Jordan earlier. Okay, you did. But Now you ain't talked to him today. He late. You ain't talk. So don't nobody know nothing. I'm like, need no problem. Don't nobody know nothing. Hey, that, that, that's, that's funny. That's, that's funny. That's funny how that always work. I just, IIII couldn't do it. I I I can't do it. I I can't do it. You can't do it. This just, just tell you ever see, you ever see sometimes some situations where, where the mothers, the, the mothers of of kids that have done something wrong. Yeah. And they actually turn their kids in.


Yeah. It all depends on what he did. Oh, okay. Okay. I see. I see what you mean. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You right, you right. No, no, no, no, no. You own up to that. No, no. The weak weak. The one thing a sharp kid gonna do is gonna own up the responsibility. Yes sir. Oh no, no, no. We not letting somebody up. No, no, no, no. Just like you. He say I told on Teddy, yeah. Came and got daddy and he said, daddy, Teddy pooped in the house. He said, you didn't hear it from me, but he said, you probably gonna figure it out 'cause it's gonna be really small. So it was him. Did you tell Onte you told on Teddy. So where is Teddy now?


He said you wanna go stay with Ocho? Yeah. Come on, come on, come stay with Hey Titus, imagine what we could do. Imagine Titus imagine the content we could create together. We could create magic. You wanna go, you wanna go to Miami? He got a, he got a, he got a, he said he got a female bbo. Oh yeah. About one. About one 20. You like that? I know you're getting back to your bedtime. Okay. Go in the hop out. I'm almost done. Thank you.


Nah, no, no, no, no, no. We, we not finna do that. O Joe. We just going on. We just on up to it. Whatever the case may. Hey, whatever it is. Hey, maybe it's something I can help you with. Right? But nah, we don't let people take the blame for a issue that we did. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. You are right. You are right.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast. Don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world-class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah. Massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool,


Struggling to get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for every body and budget, but what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep and your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off.


DDG says he spent 15,000 on a designer bag for a girl, but won't cover her rent. He said I'd rather buy a girl a $15,000 designer bag, but wouldn't give her 2000 to pay her rent. He said the girl asked me to pay her rent. I'll probably never talk to her again after that. Well, listen, I mean, if the girl is smart, right? If you buy a $15,000 bag, You know what she can do with that bag, right? No, tell me. She don't buy me no bag. Tell me he gimme the money. And it don't make no sense. He already said he ain't paying no rent. So if he, if he buy you that bag, ain't no point in walking around with a 15,000, 15,000 bag, then you got no money in it Selling it.


Yeah. Bingo. That's that's, that was my whole point. That's what I was getting ready to say. But see, Ocho, that's why I like to ask people what they want. Oh, I really like the bag, but okay. Can you, boom. Yeah. Okay. You know, biggie, you not getting both. You ain't getting both. You gotta pick and choose. Huh? Pick One. Pick what, what? And I dont care One or the other. One or the other. Right. Whatever it is. That's why I like to ask people what they want. 'cause I want to give you what I want you to have what you want. Exactly What you want. Yes.


And I, at the end of the day, Ocho, but I've never, like, when we, like I've been in relationships And I give somebody something, I've never asked for it back. I didn't ask for it back, man. What you ain. She, I don't care. She would say, what I gonna do, what I'm gonna do with the bag, get it to my sister. Right, Right, right, right, Right, right. No, now I have was potentially going to give somebody a bag. Right. But it didn't, You know, I ended up keeping it. Still got it. Hey, you really? Hold on.


That's a, that that's a no. That is a great topic. If you do buy something for somebody, specifically for that individual and You know it's something that they, like, if they mess up before receiving it, you are not gonna give it to 'em. Hell no. It'd be a damn fool too. Damn. If you buy something, if you buy something for a young lady and she behaves in a manner, manner that, that's undeserving said bad. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. I don't reward bad behavior. We Just need to stop. Right. So you're not gonna give with a bag. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I was just, I was just, I was just curious how your angle, You know, I was curious what you do because you, you a giving person And you, you am like you, you a good dude.


You seem the type of dude that will give a woman grace if she messes up. Yeah, but I'm not, she's not getting a bag. Okay. Understandable. Oh joke. She said dg d DG later said, I'm an emotional trick to the point like say I wake up in the morning now like you fuck around And we wake up on some eggs, they ain't even gotta be good. Or say I'll leave the room and go downstairs and come back in the bed Maid. I might go ahead and go to Chanel for you. It's a little thing because, You know, know I don't get gifts, I don't get tricked on Who is this talking like this DDG, You know, he had the baby with, with Hailey Bailey.


Right. It's Hailey. Oh. Oh. These, oh, these, these little kids, man Is ha is it Hailey or Hailey? Which one is it? Chad. Y'all know you Heard me? Huh? These little kids mane, man. They just, Okay. Halle, Halle Bailey. Yeah. They, they, they little kids man. They just, they doing what? They, they doing what they do at that age. Hey, hell no. Make me know. You ain't getting no designer bag after that. You gotta do more than that to get a design a bag up outta me.


Okay. Okay. Well, what, what, what? What's, Hey ladies, you wanna design a bag? Ask what you got, what you, what you need to do? I, you can't ask. You just gotta do it because if you doing it, when you doing what I ask you to do? No. Figure it out. Well, hold on. You know, hold on. How, How they gonna know what to do if they don't ask you what it is you need them to do? Figure it out. You gotta ask for what you want. See, Now you, there you go. Be you being difficult, you being out. Don't be difficult. Don't be difficult. Huh? You that look the one thing, once you get to a certain age, let's just say a young lady, she, let's just say between the ages of the 30 and 50, she know what a man, like, she know what she need to do to make him happy.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We know all minute. That's funny. I mean, making the bed, they gonna do, I mean, I gotta a cleaning service because I got lady to clean my house three times a week. Now you gonna be taking more than that, don't you? Hey, man. That, that's, Lemme tell you what, it's, it's a feeling I get when I'm with said individual. Ooh. Hey, I know it's feeling that. I Know I, when I'm with that individual, Hey, I know that I, I do how much I do. I know, I know that feeling. Huh? I know that feeling. Yes, I know, I know that feeling.


Hey, can I tell you something? Yeah. It's a good feeling being being a said individual, especially when they appreciate you. You know, you don't know what I'm talking about. Huh? That's a good feeling, man. It is man. Yeah. Yeah. So you, so what they gotta do for Ocho to buy a Chanel or a Birkin? Who? Or YSL or an LV or maybe, maybe you gonna go get 'em a Pat Protect or you gonna get 'em old Mars Spaghetti. Man, listen, Laron, Constantine, I just, man And we family, right?


Yeah. I just went to Chanel and bought three and bought three classics back to back. Huh? Three classics back to back one, one wa Damn. And this, this was 1, 2, 3. What day was this? It was about three weeks ago. Must be nice. Hey, it feels good to be appreciated. That's it. It ain't, it ain't hard. It ain't simple. I mean, for us it's all about choosing who chooses you. That that's what you gotta do.


And people like, well you don't, you don't like this. No, I like who like me. They like me. It's easy for me to like them because a lot of times when I like somebody, they ain't really feeling me like that. So I'm gonna see early on you. If you like me, I'm Gonna rock with you. It's so easy. I'm not, I'm not sure. When we, when I hear, I hear women always say, I need, I need you to apply pressure. There should be no pressure. No, there should be no pressure. No pressure. That need to be applied. Everything should be reciprocated. Yes. Like it's, it's such, it's such a, it's such a dumb game. I gotta prove to you, in order for me to prove to you that I like you, I gotta spend money to get you to like me back bitch.


Well, oh my bad. What are we talking about? I get Ocho, you, hey, you preaching to the choir. You know how I feel, man. Listen, you preach, you listen. That same choir. Oh, whoa, whoa. Time out. That thing just done. You know how you dancing? Somebody hit the mute and hit the, the, the DJ table. When you growing up, What happened? Did your kid say you bought three Chanel last week? I about Jordan. Go get that thing, man. I just thought about that. I was huddle. Wait, y'all heard this man, man, yeah.


I went out there. Yeah, I went out there. I bought three of the thing about three weeks ago. No, wait a minute. Funny. Got this man owe me money and he ain't my money off. And he out there buying Chanels. And You know, it's, You know what's funny? You know what's funny? I forgot all about that money I owe you. You heard me? I could tell you did was very apparent. You forgot about it? Yeah. I, I forgot about it. But listen, this is what we gonna do. What We gonna do? This is what we gonna do.


Now. I know everybody in the chat. They been here for a very long time. Ever since I lost that bet. I don't even remember why I owe you 5,200. You do. But when I listen to me, when I offered to pay you And I said, can you please find a method of payment and download the app on your phone? I said, PayPal. I said, Zelle, Venmo, apple Pay or Cash app. You chose not to do any of the above and Now you still complaining about not getting your money. When I offered Okay. Many times. Okay. You know what? I know I can get it. What if I, what if I take picture two Wanted outta the Nightcap check.


I mean, hey, You know, aid them. You know that thing, that thing coming Good. How? Yo Hey, Hey listen, hey, hey. The, hey. You know what about It? You know what? I might accidentally send one to somebody send to, You know your check your April check to somebody else. Who that Saying, Hey, don't, I don't. Hey man, listen it, it'll be World War iii.


Nah, I'll play, man. You know I'll play around with your buddy like that, man. Nah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'ma get, I'm gonna get it to you though. I'm gonna get it to you though. I, I'm pay you. Y'all heard that man, Chad, that man slipped that by me. That man said, Hey, oh hey. Oh, I about sign for three of the things. I'm like, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like, hold on, wait a minute. Matter of fact, hold on. I ain't use your money. I use, I use my, I use, I used some other money that ain't had nothing to do with that wasn't, no, that wasn't no Nightcap funding. Well, how about you? How about you use some of your money to give me my money? Right. I don't care where come from. I told You, I told you, I told you as long as I owe you, you'll never, you'll never be in, you'll never be in pro and, and and no issues.


Man. I can't get my money to save my life. I got you. I got you. I'm, I got you. Matter of fact, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be in LA tomorrow. My flight, my flight tomorrow in the morning. Ocho, you finished? Who are you cutting in their prime? 40% said Reggie Wayne, Steve Smith, Sr. Was number two. You was number three. Fed won with 7% of the vote. Damn. You pretty second. Yeah. That, that's, that's, that's pretty decent. I probably only finished second because it's, it says it's a, it's a favorite. A favorite, favorite chat Voting that are on my side.


Yes. Ocho there's another debate going on. Twitter. Do you brush your teeth before or after breakfast? Ocho. Are you team before or after? After Both. What The, had you eat? Your, you done slept all night, night. Mouth funky the food, man, hell no. Hold on. So you go, wait a minute. You had that minty taste. That minty taste in your mouth and then you go eat the food and the food don't taste nothing like it did. 'cause you got all the goddamn crescent, Listerine and tooth. Absolutely Not. I brush my teeth before, then I go back. Then after I eat, I go back upstairs, brush it again. I eat before I go to work out. I brush my teeth again.


I come home, I eat, brush my teeth again. I lay down, take a nap, brush my teeth again. Hey Roy, Roy Ruins, ruins the taste of everything. Nah, hell Nah man. My man, my mouth be before you been sleeping all night and then you go, oh no, I can't do that hotel. No, I mean, what, what teacher is on? But once I'm finished, I'm in that thing going to work on them boys. And, and last night you don't, you don't know, You know. Hey booty. Oh no. Oh, Nick, hey. No, I don't. I'm, I'm saved now. Days Over.


No. No. I don't know. Nah, nah, I'm but them days I don't do nothing like that no more. Boy, nothing like that. You do. No. No. I'm promise I don't even go, I don't even go past the waist no more. I don't even go past it. I don't look past The, probably got a tongue in the, you put your tongue in the belly button too, don't you? Huh? You put your tongue in the belly button too. Got all that lid in there. Ugh. Yeah. I used, I I used to. I used to used to. Yeah. Yeah. Them, them days long gone, man. I'm telling you. I'm a different, I'm a different, I'm a different man. I got saved. I told you, I told you I got saved. I got saved, I got, I got baptized because the last one was wearing off. And I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm moving different this year.


I'm walking different this year. Man. You look, my head is high this year, Man. You wake up in Ocho, everybody wake up in the morning breast smelling, like get back. You go go downstairs to eat. Yes. I'm going to, I'm going, I'm going downstairs. I'm gonna make my strawberry poptarts. I'm gonna make my, my cream of wheat or my, I'm not even talking eating cream. I'm not even talking to nobody before I brush my teeth. I'm not even having a conversation. And You know what? You know what? So if you, you, if you have, if you have a partner, right? Let me ask you something. Yes. If you have a partner Yes. And y'all wake up in the morning, would you kiss her before brushing your teeth? No. And you don't love her?


I love her. No, you don't. Don't love her. Lemme tell. I I had a situation, man. This, I was a dating this, this woman, young lady. Talk to me. Hold on, hold on. Lemme get comfortable. Come on, come on. Because you be, you be having the stories. Come on. And You know, You know your boy. Hey Ocho, You know your boy. Hey, two, three in the morning. Yeah. You know, she, You know, she touch with chin. She Touch it. You know, You know Ocho, I would have to go run, brush my teeth. What?


I couldn't. Oh, you can't, you can't mess up the momentums. What, what are we talking about now? She told me Ocho good habit, Ocho, I had, I had some, I had to break some habits. So Joe, I had to wait in that, in that moment, in that specific moment. During that time. Yeah. You had to go brush your teeth and ruin the momentum. Ruin that moment. I was, if I ruin my ain't ruined enough for me. I was good. I came back and picked right up where I left off.


You ain't ruined nothing for me. I ain't got, man, listen man, I ain't, I ain't got Nah, you, you, you'll know, you'll know when You know when you got the right one. But I, but but you don't when you don't have to all that, You know, I asked my, You know, because my homeboy and said, hell no. I'm just a real, I'm real like self-conscious like that. Right. But You know, it's, I ain't brushing my teeth. Ain't nobody it, it, it, hey like that Don't, that don't, man, that's, I'm telling you, if it's the right one, all that don't even matter.


That's out the window. That's out the door. You not even, you're not even subconsciously. You're not even thinking about, You know what, I didn't brush my teeth yet. This, You know what I love you letting me kiss her. I'm not talking about tongue it out. I'm talking about just, just ask you, Hey, but hey, but Ocho then I got slick. Then I got slick. What you did, what you did, go to the bathroom. Go brush the tea. Then I go lay that down for about 30 minutes, then I do. Right. Okay. Okay. I like it. That's different. I, I couldn't do it though. But you couldn't do it Ocho Nah. Oh, just say when the, when the moon hit.


That's it. Right, right then and there. Right then and there. No if ands no if and buts about it right then and there, wherever you touch me. Like my grandma used to say, wherever you show out, that's when you get wore out. Whenever you touch me, whatever. Right, right then and there. Okay.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah. Massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado state game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greed teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both a elite programs legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool,


Struggling to get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for everybody and budget. But what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep in your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses. Plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off.


Oh Joe. Alright, Ocho, time for our final segment of the evening. Danny Little. Oh, it's time for q and a Q and a. Let me use the bathroom roof quick. Go. Danny Littlejohn said UNC and Ocho. Is it fair for the Memphis Grizzly fired their coach similar to Bugs Fired and Adrian Griffith? At the time, both teams were top four fair or not? I mean, the expectations were the Memphis Grizzlies were gonna be better than what they are Now. You read the reports that said Jah wasn't happy with the offense. Jah was kind of nicked. He had a hamstring injury.


Had a shoulder injury. Remember last year he had a nick, he missed some time with the, a couple years ago with the, the gun stuff. And so it's kind of been, You know, their best player hadn't been there a whole lot and they haven't been where a lot of people thought they were gonna be. So whether it's fair or not, teams are not giving people a whole lot of jam. Oh, Joe, then you gotta win And you gotta win now. Wait, what? What what we talking about? What we talking about Missed the Memphis Grizz. Missed Ley was fired, the head coach and they were the fifth seed last year. Year got fired and they were, well I think they were like three or three or four. Right? Right.


You got, you got, you got, you got. Listen on I basketball. That's, that's, that's not fair, man. That's not fair. How many years did they give 'em to turn things around? Huh? I mean they, they, they gotta give, they they, they got to give coaches grace. Yeah. And what, regardless of, regardless of sport, you understand what you have. But one, it's hard to attract people to come to Memphis in the first place. True. Let, let's, let's start there. You know, you, you gotta you gotta give coaches grace. You knew you weren't gonna win no games based on your roster and what you got. No coach is gonna be able to come there and change the outcome of that because the players are still gonna be the same. So you bring a new coach in, what the hell's supposed to change next?


It's still gonna be the same thing. He not gonna win either. Whatcha you gonna give him another two year, two years? Three, then let him go and the cycle continues to repeat itself? Well they, they that that, that that their success is predicated on Jah. Jah being able to stay healthy. Right. And it's hard because he's a high flyer and he's not that big. Yeah. So he's up in the air and he's hitting, hitting the, hitting the, that floor. But I think the thing is is that yeah, I, I don't agree with that decision 'cause I thought he was a really good coach. They're not getting the results and they're looking at it like, Hey Houston young team. Yeah. Up and coming.


The average age of the KCS thunder is 24 is less than 25 years old. So they say we need to get somebody in here that we feel that can get us done and get us over the hump. So Taylor is out. Taylor Jenkins is out. Tyre saying, what's up Uncle Ocho? Which team is the man's Final Four win a national championship Mean more too probably Houston to Auburn. Florida's won two. They won back to back. Yeah. Duke has won what? Five, Five? Yeah. Houston is trying to get the one that they lost on that last second put back at NC State in 83 when I think it was Wittenberg that shot the shot and then Lorenzo Charles dunked it with no time on the clock and beat him.


And then they lost again in 84 to Georgetown. So I would probably say Houston, Auburn, Florida, duke. But Duke said, Hey Shire, first chance. I mean this is only what his second year? I think it's second year. Second year being head coach. And he is already in the final four. Nate B said it can be fantastic four connect four, four Horsemen or figure four leg lock. It doesn't matter. Oh, say Duke in the final four. No, Dr. Frankie Bella said, oh, so you doing work to prepare for your future wife?


Ocho says you are married somebody soon. I gotta ask, what are your top three songs of artists that absolutely have to be played at your wedding reception, Michelle and De O Cello. Maxwell Sade Case Happily Ever After. If I'm not, I think, did I say that right? Is it happily ever after Brian McKnight? I can't What song was the Brian McKnight saying on Martin when he proposed, when he proposed to Gina? I can't remember what song it was. He sang Well, that song Happily Every After by Case Brian McKnight song and the third one.


Oh, You know what? And I'm, I'm adding it. Unc I ain't heard the song since 94 that I heard the other night. That's really not a wedding song, but it's so fitting though. That's so fine for mink condition. Oh my God. Just to, just to be able to hear that again after so many years of not hearing it. And the first thing I thought, And I even went up to the dj, I don't even drink alcohol. I went up to the DJ and asked dj, why don't they make music like this anymore? This is r and b. No, Chad, if you, if you oh the listen to the song by mink condition, so fine. And turn the radio up loud.


That's real music. The drum, the guitar, the bass, all the, oh man, remember, they remember they song keep you, keep it swinging. Well, mink Condition, you keep me swinging and man condition. I like man condition. They, but like you say, you look to tell my those nineties groove, those early, those late eighties, early nineties group the music that don't make it like that. No, they ain't like that. First of all, the group, you're not gonna get groups anymore because you gotta split the money three, four ways. So everybody wants to be single. 'cause I, if I'm gonna get a hundred thousand, I ain't trying to split it 104 ways. I'm trying to keep off for myself. So that's why the likelihood of you seeing groups, yeah, it ain't gonna happen.


No, you, it's not gonna happen. And for the most part, if the guy's really good can sing, You know, he gonna leave. You know Teddy Pendergrass, when he was a Harold Mel in the Blue Notes, he left Jeffrey Osborne when he was LTD. Or you go back and look at Go, let me just at Michael Jackson. Justin Jim, yeah. Yeah. Go back and look. I mean, just go back and study Diana Ross. Yeah. The Supremes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, bro, splitting it three ways, splitting it four ways, splitting the six ways. Yeah. Everybody in New Edition, Bobby went solo. Ralph Trans van went solo. The others were perform Bell Bill Devo.


That's just the way it is. Ocho the days of of, of, of groups. I don't think we'll ever see another group. Even Destiny Child Beyonce. Yeah, You know what, it's Ocho and, and You know, You Know if what's funny, and it is always the lead singer that goes solo because I'm, I'm assuming, are they what? They're most talented. They have the best voice. They have the most range. I mean, well, well if you think about it, Ralph did a lot of the song lead on most songs. Ralph Transman. Right. Sting of the Police, Peter Gabriel with Genesis. And then Phil Collins went Phil, Phil originally was the, was the, the ba with the drums for real?


Yes. J Peter Gabriel was the original lead singer. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then Phil Collins. And then Phil went, Yeah. Oh, that's crazy how that Worked. Jamal, the singer said, what's up Ocho? Quick question. What's Scar is Steph Curry on a hot streak? Calvin Johnson in single coverage or offering time with Marvin Sapper, the church Ocho people got mad at us guys. All I'm saying is why They mad at, why they Mad at us? Because you don't understand churches call o Okay, fine.


But I'm not gonna let somebody tell me what I should give. I'm gonna give what I want to give. Nobody's gonna tell me, give me $20, give me $40. I might, You know, I might not give nothing this time and the next time give a thousand. But you not gonna dictate what I give when I give it plus, oh I'ma, and plus I might just hold on all my money and don't give nothing. And then when I see God, I say, I was saving it for you. You know, I I I was saving it for you. I want to see you myself and turn it over to you. Hair is all my tide. Hey, God said God loved the cheer giver A cheer giver.


If I'm, you telling me what I should, Hey, close the door lock. Hey, I say close the door. I say close them doors. When I said Malachi, I said it's a, he's talking about literally you can't rob God. He said, you are robbing me and tithe that offering when you don't offer, when you don't tithe. I understand, but that's the, hold on. He understands that sometime in some situation you're not able to give 10%. Right. But I, I don't know how you find a private jet that I can't get on you riding a roll Royce or Billy that I can't get in. Wait, I Have a question. And when people be sick in the church and they can't get no money, they can't get nothing.


And you don't go by and see all the members, just the members that let, let me Please don't, don't, don't do, don't do it. I know it's sunny to Beat you on Nightcap. I finally did it after three years, eight marathons of coming up short, I finally hit my goal sub two 40 on Saturday. I ran 2 39 24. I was locked in training. But don't tune in on long runs. You guys got me through trainings, tough training sessions. Patterson, congratulations. Congrats. Book it. Congrats. Anything under three hours is booking it. You booking it in the sub two 40? Yeah. You really booking it? Yeah.


Warren, big 56 Ocho. Would y'all mind sending some prayers to Western North Carolina wildfires all around And we sure would. To everybody that's being impacted by the wildfires in Western North Carolina. We want you to know that nightcap here, the crew, the entire crew wanna send our thoughts and prayers to anybody that's being impacted by these situations. Hopefully everybody is safe. The property, I understand there's sometimes that property, there's things that you feel that you can't get re replaced, but the only thing that's irreplaceable is life. Yes Sir. And as long as you have that you can rebuild. I know that's no co No, no solace at this point of time.


No, at this point in time of no consolation, but I'm praying that everybody is, is safe in the western North Carolina that's being impacted by these wildfires. So our thoughts and prayers with anyone that's being impacted. Lanny Ray. Hey guys. Loving all the guests lately. My question is that something lots of people like, but think if overrated. Wait, say it again. She said what something lots of people like, but you think is overrated. Oh, eating. Eating healthy. Whole foods. Vegans. Vegetarians. Eating Booty.


Who? Eating booty. Oh, don't knock it until you try it, man. I'm good. Just try it. Use a little whipped Cream. What's something over I'm trying to say. Sushi. How about that? What's that? Raw fish. Oh, Su. Oh, you saying sushi. Sushi. You like it? Oh, I like shrimped And pour rolls with no avocado. Oh, No cucumber. Cucumber. I hate a cucumber, Man. Don't say Chick-fil-A.


Who else? Kember. No Wood. Jr. Oh, if I worked for you, I would do like Ocho when he played and stay at the office. Ah, no, I'm charging. Desmond Hall said Unc. Can you shout out my wife Shea? We're celebrating nine years of marriage. Yes. Desmond to your beautiful wife, Shea. Happy ninth anniversary. Hopefully happy anniversary. Something special. Hopefully you guys did something special today. Ocho, maybe we go to brunch. Maybe went to talk golf or did something. Saw movies. Caught a plate for nine years. Long time to be together. Ups downs. Congratulations. Trials, tribulations.


But you guys have remained strong. Congratulations from the crew at Nightcap, unc and Ocho


That completes this episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store, boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today.


I'm your favorite. Unc Shout sharp number 85. Liberty City is on bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro Bowl all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you guys hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. Guys, go subscribe to the nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. None of this is possible without you. None of these awards, none of all these awards that you see behind us, what Ocho And I have been able to accomplish, what we'll continue to be able to accomplish, thanks to your support and love is all because of you. And we couldn't thank you enough. So thank you for your continued support And we greatly, greatly appreciate that.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. All of this is possible. Thanks to you. I appreciate you guys. How you show up for me every time we have a signing. Be it Baltimore, be it Jersey, be it Atlanta, Savannah, Charleston, South Carolina, Illinois, Connecticut, Miami, Houston, Texas. It does not matter. You guys show love and for everything that I've done And I greatly appreciate that because none of this is possible without you. We do have it in stock. If you can't find it in a state or city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company pages on all of its platforms.


That's Shea Media. We got some stuff coming out for you. We, we, we've been cooking up some stuff. We've been sitting on a lot of stuff, but we got some stuff. We got some new shows that's coming to you in the fall. So stay tuned. Stay on the lookout for that. I think you gonna like what we got cooked up for you guys. My clothing company 84 with 84 bags spelled out. Everything has restocked. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited. So please make sure you grab yours before they're gone because once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for our not for Safe for Work Tour. Went on sale last week. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Chicago, and things close out in Detroit.


Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. We got line up some great guests for you guys. You don't wanna miss it. You know, we had fun. If you saw us in Atlanta, Houston, and Dallas, You know we have a great time and good time. Can't wait for Ocho And I to get out there and see you guys go. Oh yeah, get your tickets. Thank you Desmond Watson for joining us. The Florida office defensive lineman, excuse me, had a very impressive pro day and over 460 pound rev sub. Six seconds in the 40 yard dash 36 reps at 2 25, 25 inch vertical. He's gonna get his weight down and he's gonna gonna make, gonna make it, gonna make his family proud.


He's gonna make himself proud first, but he is gonna make his family proud by doing all the things that he needs in order to be the best version of Desmond Watson so he can have a long illustrious career in the NFL. Thank you for coming on big fellas. We greatly appreciate it. Look forward to seeing you down the road. That's Nightcap. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We will see you tomorrow. Thank you guys for joining us. We appreciate you. The Volume


Wasabi Technologies is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from those old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys, wasabi is the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams around the world. From Wasabi's, AI enabled intelligent media storage, wasabi Air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, wasabi is driving innovation in data storage, all for up to 80% less than those other guys. Try them out for free@wasabi.com.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Okay, so we all need to get away from the world sometimes. Well in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bows premium sound system plays your favorite music. As the murano's massaging leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today. Bows and massaging, leather appointed seats are optional. Features


Struggling to get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for every body and budget, but what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep and your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses. Plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off.