
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the dream.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA Tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas v. Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greed teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness


15 T-Mobile,


The Volume who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Sports Book app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweet details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Tom Brady had missed tension had developed with Coach Belichick during the tenure, during the end of the quarterback time with the Patriots in the latest edition of his weekly newsletter. Yes, Brady has a newsletter. I didn't know that Brady briefly spent some time talking about the split from the Patriots. First. Brady said he knew it was likely wouldn't end up finishing his career with the Patriots. His first thoughts about leaving the team happen two or three years before it actually happened. It was a creeping decision that vividly passive in back of my mind two or three years until March of 2020 when the whirlwind of a few days made me realize that the decision was coming sooner rather than later. Yeah. After 20 years together, a natural tension had developed between where Coach Belichick And I were headed in our careers and where the Patriots were moving as a franchise.


And it was kind of tension that could only be resolved by some kind of split or one of us reassessing our priorities. Right? I mean, we could see that from a mile away. Everybody saw it. Everybody saw it UNC With that when that Seth Wickersham article came out. Yeah. And they talking about the Jimmy G Yeah. A matter of time. Well, listen, we you understand that as a quarterback, why do you think, why you think Aren Rogers felt the way he did when they got, when they got Jordan Love? Why do you think Brett F felt the way they did when they got, when they got Aren Rogers? Yeah. So the writing was already on the wall. He understood that. Brady understood that. That's why he had to go upstairs and go to the higher up and ask, listen, I don't want this over my back.


I don't want this over my shoulder. This, and I'm not comparing the situation. But as a competitor, you Brady, you shouldn't be worried about nothing that's coming in there at all because of the decisions that, that that Bill Belichick wanted to make as far as moving on. He was supposed to be your predecessor. Am I, am I using predecessor in the right context? No Damn Predecessor mean he proceeded. Fuck. Oh my bad. Hey, After What, what word? I'm trying use my my what You do like Jimmy G. Yeah. Aren Parrot. Okay. Aren Parent. Hey, my bad, my bad. Hey, my bad check. I'm using big, I'm using words.


I don't even know what they mean. It sounded good though. It did. It Did. Hey. But anyway, You know the competitor to him understanding that you, you on the tail And you on the back end obviously is Listen, I want to be able to play freely. I want my mind free. I want to, I I don't want to be out here being hesitant, being gun shy, knowing that if I mess up, y'all gon y'all y'all gonna start the whole, You know, it, it is only a matter of time for they start the, the, the, the rumors and the chants. We want Jimmy G and all that stuff. So I understand that. I want him gone. I don't even want him here. And I know that was a Rob a Robert Craft decision And I know it was, What happened was is that if you study the, if you study the 49 ERs Yeah.


For the most part after 10 years, coach Walsh, you look at Ronnie, you look at Roger Craig, you look at a lot of the guys, only they start. And so you start, you move off a guy, the thought process was ocho Yes sir. You move off a guy one year early as opposed to one year late. Coach Belichick had studied the history and says, You know what, guys start to taper off. And if we don't have that bridge, we're gonna be like the Pittsburgh Steelers until they got burger from Terry Bradshaw. We're gonna be like the Miami Dolphins. We're gonna be a lot like a lot of these other teams. The B excuse me, the the Buffalo Bills. Jim Kelly until they got Josh Allen.


So if we don't start a succession plan now, successor air parent, whatever you want to use the term what Jimmy G was supposed to do. Coach Belichick says, what I've studied, what I've learned is teams wait too long to find the successor or the heir apparent to said, great quarterback, I don't wanna make that mistake. I want to have a guy in place, get him a couple years under his belt, push him out the door, the guy steps in. Right. That's what he wanted. But Tom was saying, hold on ma'am, I'm going to the subo damn near every other year, every term. Right. Second or third year, I'm still a a a an MVP candidate. I'm still going to Pro bowls.


Right. And you talk about I'm slipping. What, what are you watching? Mm. And when they redid Tom's contract and they didn't add years, they just took that bonus and gave it to him. I said, it's done. That's fine. Go back and go back and look at, And I said, it's done. I said, he's not coming back. I Remember, I Remember he, he ain't coming back. He not coming back. But, and the, the, the grip, because here's the thing, Ocho, when you have success, see, as long as you don't mind who gets the credit, you don't realize how successful you can be. Here We go. It started to be a push and pull because everybody, because we talked about all the time, who deserves more credit?


Belichick or Brady? Belichick or Brady. There is no way to definitively tell unless they left one left one if one leaves Right and wins without the other. Well, it's another break. There it is. Right. Tom leaves with the championship in his first year gone. Yes, sir. Okay, now Coach Belichick, Now you get a chance to answer. I ain't saying you gotta win one the the next year. Right. But you gotta win. Right. But it went the other way. He got to the playoffs like, okay, maybe, maybe he got something. Yeah. But then boom boom, he stepped off a cliff. Tom still played at a, an elite level. Yes sir. He won the Super Bowl.


He got to the playoffs every year. There you have it. Yeah. The reason why the Patriots won was because of one two not the only reason, but now people was willing to give him more of the credit. Credit. Yeah. And and also you have to understand when, when one two leaves, when he leaves out, leave New England in order for Bill Patriots, Robert Kraft, that still has that continued success, you got to have the heir parent at the most important position on the field that touches the ball. Every play. You gotta have one of those. Huh? You have to have one of those to compete. You got to. Yes. Now those, those some big, big shoes, you got to feel, but it's it, boy, that's a tall task.


Especially when you talking about filling the shoes of the greatest of all time. Yeah. But the thing was that I, that I'm concerned about is that Coach Belichick had an up close and personal look at Tom and he know how motivated he was by the slightest of slights. Oh Yeah. You put the biggest slight in a, on the world on this man. It wasn't that he was drafted into the six rounds. It wasn't that he had to start as a backup even after the greatness in which he had displayed for you for 20 years. Yeah. He was willing to push him out. Mm. Can you imagine ocho? Yeah. 20 years of excellence, six Super Bowls, all those appearances, nine appearances. And you say, You know what, we appreciate your services, but we think the guy that we got behind just better.


Yeah. So what do you think that was gonna do for Brady if you think he was motivated by not being the first quarterback taken or one of the middle quarterbacks taken? He was taken in the sixth round 1 99. You just put the biggest, you just put the biggest target on your back. Right. Who gonna Ks NFL careers just beginning but the wide receiver has already has already has a retirement age in his mind as he entered his first season with the Rams, I want to retire at age 30. Who could said the Pro Bowl while I explained that he wants to follow similar path to Aren Donald to go out on top. I think it would be super cool by the time my kids could be 18, I could be barely walking.


If you played this game And you sustained all those injuries and stuff like that, don't think like that Puka. Nah. Yeah. You don't. You don't. And you don't have, you won't have to worry about no injuries if you go back on our diet, if you go back on our diet, You know, now I'm your nutritionist. You know what you came in eating when you had that historic rookie season, You know what you was eating Right? Then all of a sudden you change it up, You know, in off season And you got nicked up a little bit. You know why? 'cause of nutrition, if it's not broke, don't fix it. Okay. I played very long time, no injuries And I played reckless. I was all over the place. I was in the air, I was on the floor, I was running people over, no injuries.


If it's not broke, don't fix it. I don't care what kind of specialist or or what they give or what they put in front of you. You gonna be, you gonna be one of the greats. Pka also said Julio Jones is the best wide receiver in NFL history. The perfect mixture of size and speed. Like he could run every route on the route tree. He absolutely could. And for that size, a wide receiver body, it should look like Julio Jones. Do you agree? Ooh, that's a good one. Huh? That's a good, he could run the he could or Oh yeah. And ignore the guys that come outta Alabama ocho. Yeah. The one thing they can do run route is run that tree. Oh yeah. They can run that tree now. Calvin, Ridley, Amari Cooper, Jerry, Julie, Devonte, Smith, Smith, all Julio, all those guys.


Right. Calvin Ridley, all those guys can run the tree, but none of 'em had the size that Julio had. Yeah. He's different because you're looking at a guy that's six foot 3, 225 pounds. Yeah. Dropping his hips. Yeah. And that dig on that comeback, that's speed out the over the skinny. He could do it all. When I, when I think about it, You know who I view now I'm I'm, I'm gonna get back to the, to the question at hand. When I look at Jeremiah Smith, I see Julio Jones a little bit. I see Julio, I see a young Julio Jones a little bit. So in comparison, when his time comes up, You know, hitting junior year, leaving Ohio State, I guarantee you that's gonna be his NFL comparison.


Now back to Julio being he a, he got be, he's top, top five, maybe top 10 depending on who you ask. Yeah. Hey one I'm talking about one of it All depends on what, what you like. Look for me. Yeah. The three until I'm gonna have to reevaluate in another 10 years. Right. But the top three for me is Jerry, TO and Randy. Yeah, absolutely. Now you can debate two and three, but Jerry is always gonna be number one for me. Okay. Okay. Now you can debate two and three. You like Randy, you like TT O2 Randy three. Right. But Randy three, Randy two TO three. Yeah. So that's where it goes for me. Now, chase, JTA and some of these other guys, maybe cd, lamb Tyreek maybe gonna have something to say about that.


Right. But man, Julio, Julio was special. Julio in his prime. Yeah. I mean guy that size running four three jumping out of the gym. Yeah. He would very look, my thing is though, Cho Julio reminded me of of Teo. Teo ran angry. Teo played angry. Yeah. You want Teo to catch a hitch? That corn ain't gonna tackle it. No. Yo. And and he might take it to the house. Yes. He might take it to the house. Yes. You ain't never seen, you ain't never seen 81 get caught from behind. I could say to say you that He, he would like, Hey t he catch that hit if you ever let him face you up.


Yeah. Oh hey, you better get him while he like this here. Yeah. If he do this. Yeah. And look, you and your come on safety. Yeah. I all I'm been try to do, Hey I'm tried to, I've tried to shadow him. Come on. Safety. Come on. I'm gonna force him back inside. Oh Man. Hey man. Julio had a stretch there, man. Yeah. A good, he had Matt Ryan. Yeah, they was, they was on fire. They had a real good run now. Real Good run. They, they, they, they had a rapport. I hated that Julio had to leave. But You know, it's like anything ocho you, you, you paid, you paid, you paid.


You pay, you pay. Yeah. If you don't win a Super Bowl, you gonna have to break it up. You saw what the 49 ERs had to do. Yeah. You see even Kansas City, You know you go, you lost Justin Reeves. Yeah. Remember you lost a, a la Derious Snead, you, you can't play everybody Ocho. Yeah. You see Joe Tooney, you had to let them go. Damn. Some remember they had, they had Richard Schwar and they had Wiley. They had to let those guys go. You can't pay everybody. Yeah. You just hope that while we are paying these guys, we can get a a, a bowl or two because if you get a bowl, it's worth, it's worth it.


They got, it's worth it because they're so hard to come by. Yeah. But no a Yeah but poop. Hey, everybody says that now. Yeah. It's different because ad was in the trenches getting doubled every damn play. And you say, man, I just, hey, I don't wanna put that kind of time in again. And you see where this receiver money going. Yeah. Hey Ima play, as long as they, as long as they sending out checks. I'm gonna play in. Especially if I go out. Oh, I'm not gonna embarrass myself Now. You, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. If I'm out there, if all of a sudden I go from catching 80, 90 balls and they talking about, hey, we want you to be the fourth receiver, I'm up about it there. That's it.


Hey, nah, nah, nah, nah, Nah. I, I can't, I couldn't do, I can't do that. But What you think about me going back to play? You Know? Nah, it's over. How You know? It's been over for 15 years. It's been over. I Know, but I, I just got the phone call off. So I'm just, I'm just curious. Nah, that's your, your, they say you need to pay your easy pass. See they call, they call you riding the HOB lawyer. That's the, that's the only people calling your ass man. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody calling you to put me. That's a young man game man. That al stuff. You ocho You know what, you probably still could run straight ahead.


It's loud. Oh, I, oh I, I can, I can rock around straight ahead fast as hell. It's that lateral. Yeah. Your whole thing was predicated on lateral quickness slip it Getting up outta the dipping that so yeah. Getting that, dipping that. So, Hey, because what a guy do ain you Man, Because you never Hey you played on angles. Yeah. Your whole thing was to never give him your whole, don't give him this somebody. Oh, never ever. I'm slipping. I'm sliding, I'm dipping. It's hard. It's hard. Right. See I can you say I can't do it no more? It's hard man. And that's the thing. What people don't understand, guys can still run fast. Oh yeah. In the straight light straight ahead.


But as a receiver you need lateral quickness. Well Yeah. To get up outta there. And if you don't, if you don't, if you don't have that lateral quickness, you gotta be good. You gotta be good with your hands and your technique with somebody up in front of you and Or you gotta be big like a T that play through. Contact Calvin Johnson. Play through contact Julio. Play through contact. If you a small That tug and pull unc. I still don't understand. TL used to do it. Brandon Marshall used to do it. Julio Jones used to do it. They welcome, they welcome the contact and want you to grab and they pull from the inside. They pull and tug you right through. And I tried, I tried that tongue of poor shit one time in practice man.


I ended up, I ended up over there on the sideline With the, first of all, you need to, if you think about the guy that you said that. Yeah. Look how tall they are. Yeah. To be able to reach. Yeah man. Now you talking about guys 2 22 25, 2 30. Yeah. That's able to play through contact. Yeah. See your whole thing is like you trying to play on edges. You ain't trying to get physical with nobody. Oh no. Because hey, if they stab, well hey I show Hope Carson listen at the other looking at the other side. They got me. Well, well TJ was just the opposite. TJ wanted to play through contact.


Yeah, he was like that. TJ was a big physical receiver. Yeah, he liked that. Yeah. So


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Yo. What's good It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado state game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness


Galaxy 15 by T-Mobile.


Hey this is Shirley Strawberry. And You know what? It's like you're driving around all over town and your schedule is packed all day long. I mean you're booked and busy. That's when your me time becomes even more important. Well what if your me time And you driving around time were the same in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano. They can be. I mean the Murano was literally designed to help you relax. We're talking about ambient mood lighting in over 64 different colors and a Bose premium sound system playing all your favorite music. So you can just dial up the music and the lighting to set whatever vibe you want. And just like that you created your own personal oasis and you're still getting everything done that your crazy day dictates. I mean, it's not often that productivity and relaxation intersect. Right. But they certainly do. And the all new Murano, because no amount of rushing around is going to get you down when you're chilling in a Murano. Check it out for yourself. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Ambient lighting and bows are optional features.


Oh Joe. The Giants reportedly having given up on Aren Rogers despite signing Jamis Winston, following Rogers visit to the Steelers on Friday. The G men reportedly haven't stopped their pursuit of the 41-year-old Jeremy Fowler reports that Giants have not given up on Aren Rogers, even though they signed Jamis Winston. But reading the tea leaves here, it looks like the Steelers are in the poll position to potentially get it done. The Giants signed Winston to a two year $8 million deal. Excuse me. Thanks. Just hours after Rogers meeting with the Steelers Ocho, do you see the Steelers as the proper landing spot or is it the Ja Giants? Oh that's a good one.


That's a good one. Me. I can't really put myself in Aren Rogers shoes. But if you look at the landscape of the offense on where I would prefer to be, Malik Nabors is nice. Yeah, he's nice. That is one, that's one good one to throw to. But you got two good ones over there with the Steelers. Correct. Me personally, I would be choosing over there with Arthur Smith, George Pickens and DK Metcalf. Let me get some of that. Let me get some of that. That's if I'm Aren Rogers. And understand we could do with two, two dynamic receivers like that. Just get the ball out your hands, that's all. Just get the ball out your hands.


I'm not sure who they, I'm not sure who they have in running back. Just take some of the pressure off of Aren so we ain't back there throwing the ball a hundred times a game. But if I was the quarterback, I'm trying to go, I'm trying to go over there with that, with the crash. I call him the crash out brothers. The Giants doesn't make a whole lot of sense. 'cause why would you sign Aren Rogers and Jam Winston? And potentially that means if you do that, don't you? Right. That means you're not going to get a quarterback. Oh yeah. Yeah. Maybe they just talking. Maybe that's all smoke mirrors. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe it's all smoke mirrors. Because what the giants are going to do, they're gonna need a quarterback for the future. Yes. If they sign in Jamis Witness store one year, they mean they sign in.


You gave two three Rob also for one year. You gotta you gotta make up your mind. You gotta make up your mind. So what did that So, so if, if, if Rogers goes to Pittsburgh or, so where, where does that leave Russell? Wilson. Cleveland. That's a possibility. That, that that is a, that's a, that is a possibility. That's the only place I see because Gino Smith is at the, the Raiders now Yeahm Donald is at, at Seattle. I'm trying to figure out where else could he go. Who else needs their quarterback? They just put Jones and Indy to challenge, to challenge Richardson.


Right. So I'm, look, I'm looking at the landscape on show. I'm trying to figure out where can he go. Yeah. That, that, that, that, that's it. That's it. I really don't like what they did. I, well, I kind of like it And I don't like it from a, from a competitive standpoint, I don't like what they do to Richardson. But I also like it because now that you have somebody to push you and, and buying for your job, maybe that gets you to play at a higher level. 'cause Now you have something to worry about. But also sometimes it is, is pros and it's cons to that too. 'cause now what happen if you press what if what happen if you try too hard, but if you try not to make mistakes instead of just playing freely, I think it'd do more harm than good when you I I, I, I think, I don't think they like, I, I don't think they like Anthony Richardson for the future.


Oh, Joe, they knew he was a reclamation project. I he was not a a, a high completion percentage guy in college. He wasn't a high, he came in. He, yeah, his completion percentage was lower than Tebow's. And we know Tebow did not have a great completion percentage. That's, I'm just, I'm, I'm I'm talking about in the NF nfl. I'm just, I'm just, just the facts. Right. Just the facts and the mere fact that they went out and got signed. Jones, what's his name? What's his first name? Daniel Jones. Yeah. What does that tell you? And they gave him 14 million. How they gonna pay the backup more than they pay the starter. Right. What are they telling you, Ocho? Yeah. They tired of your bull drive.


14 million. You see what they gave you? See what they gave James Winston backup money? Yeah. You see what they give other backup money. Hey, I have a question. Chad. Listen. Stop talking about cousins. Cousins was brought in to be a starter. He happened to be the backup because he lost his job. Can can you can, can you ask me something? Yeah. Why they give jam wins? Jamis. Winson what? One for eight or two For eight? What was it? One for eight or tooth eight. Tooth eight. Okay. So why they gave, why they gave him 14 Be why you think they survived. He's gonna be the starter. No. Or does it have anything to do with age? No, because here's the thing, Ocho the guy's like, hold on.


If I'm coming in, they Right, because they want, they want you to know, they want Anthony Richardson to know. Right. Start. Tell me to be your backup. Did you feel we paid him, we paid him more than you. Now all this come, come late. Leave early. Right, right, right. All this bull the stuff that you've been doing, it ain't gonna go no more. I Got a question. Go ahead. Hold on, hold on. I got a question for you. Who the backup in Indy right now? Daniel Jones. Now what did Daniel Jones show us the last two places he was at? He didn't show us nothing in Minnesota because he, he didn't get here. But my Giants my my point exactly. So what the giants, he had flashes. He had flashes of brilliance. Yes.


I'm not even, I'm not even gonna sit here and lie. I'm not gonna lie to you. But obviously the Giants were in a position where it was either Barkley at a position that they don't value or it was, or it was Daniel Jones. So they decided to pay and they decided to pay Daniel Jones. But the small seides and what we saw from him, I mean, he ain't the goddamn answer. He not ain. That's no disrespect to him. He not the answer. But I think that it's a good thing. Again, like I said, there's pros and cons to it. You're bringing some competition. Most players, if you're competitive, oh man, this sucker ain't finna beat me out My job No way Ain't finna beat me out. My job.


I, I welcome you. I welcome this challenge. You talking about you don't believe in me. I got you. Hold on Man. I wish they would've thought about drafting, bringing somebody in Ocho you and your third, you about to be in your third year and they bringing a quarterback in Ocho. Man, please. Y that better be year te year 12. Year 14. Okay. Now that's different. You know, You know the third year is you're making it a brick a year, right? Yes. The third year at any skilled position is the year you have arrived where it's gonna let us know if you've arrived or not. Either you got it or you don't by that, by that point. So I'm assuming right now the Indianapolis coach feel, You know what, we don't feel Anthony Richardson has it just yet.


So we gonna bring in someone else that maybe can take over. But what we saw from the person they bringing in to take over at one year for 14 million ain't the MF answer either. But Here's the problem that you're running against Anthony Richardson. They're like, I gotta make a decision. You see what quarterback's making after the third year? Okay, I see what you're saying. I need to know. Right? I can't, I can't see, I can't invest $300 million and I'm still, you can't still be a project. Right? With $300 million guarantee with that kind of money, you can't ocho So they gotta make a decision. And if he's not, I gotta go back into the draft.


'cause I'm not gonna pay him 300 million, right? I'm not. You see what? You see what you, you just saw what Joe, what Josh Allen got. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Come on. We can't do that now. We can't do that. Now I understand what the quarterback market is, but Anthony Richardson, when it's his time to get paid, he's not gonna be one of the quarterbacks that reset the market like a Josh Allen or Joe Burl. Or let's Jra, let's see what CJ SRA get. Oh, Now CJ SRA is different. That's My point. Now that's, You see, now, Now you see my point. Okay. Where if he's the guy, I've got to pay this number. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's all I'm saying. Okay. Now being the starter and having to pay for actual play is two totally different things.


But still, even, even if that you are gonna have to pay him in excess, is he gonna be worth, okay, Sam Darnell got three years, 105 million. Are you, you gonna pay him 35 million a year old Joe and still be uncertain? Yeah. See that? Hey listen, the quarterback that Mar See O Joe, you can't pay that guy five, $6 million to be your starter. It's in the thirties. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Ooh. Hey, you in a tough spot. I'm, I'm hoping this is his year. I'm hoping this is his year. You gotta get it. Hey an And I know you gonna see this. Take it in stride baby. Take it as a challenge. Got what they looking For.


Dak is on the cusp of passing Romo Dak needs six games this season to jump Tony Romo to have the second most career starts in the franchise history trailing only to Troy Aikman. That's a lot of mileage. He'll be 32 and has missed 30% of the last five years. Is this the year the Cowboys invest in a potential air? Now remember Cooper Rush is gone. Yeah. He's in Baltimore. Yes, sir. I, I don't know. I don't know. But the way Jerry Jones operates, I have no idea what they're gonna do. I can't even tell you. And I know Dak has missed 30% of, of, of, of playing time due to injury. Unfortunate injuries. But this is football.


It's a contact sport. It's a violent sport. Injuries are going to happen. Injuries happen at every position. Sometimes you, even though you try to prevent it, it's almost impossible. The NFL has done all they can do to make the game safer injuries still happen And they gonna continue to happen. Yeah. Always, always. And I, as far as them finding a air, it ain't nothing out there to look for or find right now anyway. True. It's not. It's not. And that Dak is only 32. I'm not sure how long he would want to play, but he got a long way to go. Especially at the quarterback position fighting in the air. If you gonna do it, it ain't right now.


So what they gonna do? And I mean look, Ocho that make a 60 mil, 60 mil ocho I need championship. Oh Yeah? Yeah. I need a championship game. Yeah. I need to get to the Super Bowl playoff. Yeah. Yeah. More more than playoffs. I can't be one and done. Right. I can't get just to the divisional round Ocho. Right. You right. What am I getting for that 60 million? That $249.5 million that's guaranteed. What do I get for that? Well listen, that 60 million, obviously you wouldn't have to pay that. You paid him ahead of time. You made him play out his whole contract and listen, this what you get. This is what you get. Dallas did that. Jerry did that. Steven Jones did that. You gonna Paid And they did they doing it with Micah?


No. Oh man. Listen, one thing about it, one, one thing about a cat. Wait a minute, I'm, I forgot to quote that fast. What about a cat? You gonna land on his feet? No, but I, I, I'm trying to use the analogy. A leopard never changed his stripes. If they done, if they've done it, if they've done one thing one way all the time, regardless of who the player is, they're gonna continue to do it the same way. That's why you keep getting the same results. I'm gonna do ocho I'm gonna do everything at the last minute. Yeah, well you can't do Well here's the thing. You do that and the guy you gotta pay extra. Then you again, but you just, you just 60 million. You doing that with Micah?


Yeah. Yeah. Mike, you see the market exploding? Yeah. And listen, while the market exploding, they're going to have to make him the highest paid anyway at his position. I don't know what you're waiting on. You might as well get it done. Now Jamar Chase brought his dream Lamborghini this week after his historic deal. Check out this ride Ocho. Yeah. He says he's dreamt of buying this car for over 10 years. He raced t Higer around Miami Ocho. How come they ain't call you? You got, you got a whip Ocho? Yeah. Is that a McLaren? Is that a McLaren that T got? Yeah. Yeah. T got t got a green McLaren. I was with Chase before I left to go to New Orleans to watch Alvin Ailey. So Chase was with me. I saw it very nice.


Lambo remember I had, I had a roaster tube at during, during my plan days. Obviously I have a Ferrari now, but that's too much. That's too much car and it's too loud for me anyway. You know, you get to a certain age, you don't wanna hear that kind of noise. Yeah. But there's, it's a beautiful thing in person. You know Chase was at my grandma house. Okay man, we, we sat there for two hours, man. We talking about, talking about a deal, talking about the contracts. We talked man, we talked about everything. So it, it was a good time. I'm a Ferrari guy. I mean not no disrespect to la I'm a Ferrari guy. Yeah, they got that new Ferrari. What's that? New Ferrari. They got a super card now. Ocho I think they said they making 799 and the 4 million million. Right. Wait, wait, wait.


Come again. 4 million Man. Go ahead man. Go ahead Man. Look here. I ain't got nothing. Can't buy. Okay. Buying a car no time soon. Yeah, I mean we, we in the same boat, babe. So I I I have enough. I got a, I got a 20, I got a 2013 Range Rover got less than 37,000 miles on it. Hey, do you even drive that? The F 80? They got a F 80 Super. It's a supercar right. About a 1200 horsepower. You don't even a, you don't even need all that. I'm just saying A a Oh no, General I'm saying the person, unless you are a car collector, you don't need that. Unless you are a chic or you over there in, in Dubai or a car.


And I can see that they, that's a different kind of money, huh? I can, Well, You know, lemme tell you why I can't see it because I can't see $4 million. That's why I can't see it. Listen, All you need, all you need is Put no damn car. You Crazy. Listen, I listen, I got a simple fa spider. That's enough. Yeah. You know, one day a Sunday or Saturday I want to go out, hear the noise, enjoy, pull up to a brunch spot, eat, enjoy, smoke my cigar. Go home outside of that. Yeah. I can't do it every day. It's too much noise, huh? Well, I just thought a guy noise is aggravating The air to the Red Bull Fortune just bought the, the former F1 Egglestone, he bought his collection 650 million.


My goodness. I mean he got Michael Schu markers. He got no, the Michael Schu markers that he won his seven title Nicki Lauder. Yeah. His, I mean he got who? Yeah. Who, yeah. I could, I could imagine. But I, I Even if I had, even if I had 4 million, you wouldn't it. Which I don't even if I had 4 million and let me reemphasize that again. I don't Yes, you find that for the buy no car for that. Hold on. But wait, if, if you are an extensive car collector like the Jay Lives Rick Ross's, then you would, Lemme tell you what, I'm an extensive money collector And I ain't got 4 million. That's what I'm trying to collect. I'm trying to collect money And I ain't collected enough of it yet.


But look, I ain't have a problem with that, don't you? Look, you And I both, when we grew up And we saw people purchasing things, man, 20,000 ain't no way. I'll pay 20,000 for that. Right, right, right, right. When you get the, it is easy to say what you won't do when you ain't got it. Because when you, when you can't do it. Right. But when you can, you do think that you never thought you would, 'cause you didn't think you'd be in this position. Position. Right. So, but no, congratulations. Enjoy it. Yeah. That's the whole purpose of it. You know man, I might buy yourself something. What's the whole, what's the purpose of working as hard as you can't get? Yeah. At least one or two things that you enjoy.


Be at a car, be at a watch, be whatever the case may be. May be. Enjoy it. Listen, enjoy the fruits of your labor uncle. But don't get lost in the lifestyle. Don't get lost and become handicapped to the lifestyle in general. It's okay to enjoy the fruits of your labor 'cause you work hard to get where you at. Yeah. Huh. And you, You know, You know I had to give Chase that talk. I talked to t Higgins the following day. You know, don't, don't get lost in it. You can enjoy it. There is nothing. And I know all the NFL players gonna see this Chase. I know you gonna see this T Higgins and anybody else that's gonna get paid. Micah, you next. There is nothing you can buy. I don't care how much money your owners pay you.


Nothing you can buy that is more valuable than your name. Nothing. When you get out that car And you take all them clothing And you take all them that jewelry And you look in the mirror, boy, that's the true value boy. You hear me? You ain't gotta do nothing and press nobody when you go to the club. You ain't gotta pop no bottles. You ain't gotta buy no sections. Nah huh. Because all the chicks they done Google. How much you making already? You ain't got to do Nathaniel. Listen to me. I'm telling you. I've been in the game 40 years and still got all my chicken. All right. Mm. I got, Hey, hey on. I, I you gotta talk for me. I got ppp Go.


But hey Chase, you were in that one bro. You say you've been thinking about this car for 10 years. There you are. You, you got your rookie contract. Put that up. Hey, I'm going to get me something nice. Got him a Lambo and it's nice. A fake CJ Stro got into his Houston Rodeo for free. For pretending to be Stroud. He even had the Texans fans taking pictures with him. Ocho, look at this. Hey. Hey that, Hey. That's funny. Hey guys. No, they had to put us into the other door. Second Mr. Cut. Let us my camera because I couldn't go front door. No on your like, love you dog all Carrie, take a seat.


Hold on. I just got big for the rodeo for free. Wanna look at CJ sra? Why? What the hell was CJ SRA be wearing his jersey in public or His shirt in general? I mean, you would have to be a true, a true football fan. A true football fan to actually know, man, stop playing. That ain't no CJ Rou. Now you do look like it And you can fool a whole lot of people, huh? That don't know exactly who he is, but just know.


All right. I know he looks like the quarterback, but I don't know if it's really him or not. So that's why he was able to get away with that. But listen, a true football fan, you ain't fooling nobody. You ain't fooling nobody. No. I was like, bro, I mean, have you ever, have you ever worn your Jersey album public? Me? Yeah. Absolutely not. No. Hell no. Absolutely Not. I mean, the only time prep pep rally were you at high school? You got a pep rally High School. High school pep rally. Yeah, I remember them days. Yep. Hey, the pep rally actually wear that thing all day in all day in school. Yeah. You know that, don't you? Hey, game day boy.


Don't tell me that they had that number two of walking through the hallway skipping class. That was me. Yeah. You know, that would be what time, You know, Hey, the girl wear your Letterman jacket. You know what I'm saying? Don't choke. Oh yeah. You got a Letterman jacket. Yeah. Yeah. BII don't know where that, matter of fact, my ex, my ex from high school, she still got my Letterman jacket. That would be a nice gift to get back if I could get it. If I could find, find out out where she had, I don't know where she at. And then, You know, we got all them patches down there. What is like region champs, You know? Yeah. So forth. And so state champs, You know, man, you still got a whole, this joke got a whole, a whole jersey.


All your renters out there. Here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. It's called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket mortgage, LL C equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 33.


Yo. What's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of lead programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March madness


Es a 15 Tmobile.


Hey, this is Shirley Strawberry. And You know what? It's like you're driving around all over town and your schedule is packed all day long. I mean, you're booked and busy. That's when your me time becomes even more important. Well, what if your me time And you driving around time were the same in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano. They can be. I mean, the Murano was literally designed to help you relax. We're talking about ambient mood lighting in over 64 different colors and a Bose premium sound system playing all your favorite music. So you can just dial up the music and the lighting to set whatever vibe you want. And just like that you created your own personal oasis and you're still getting everything done that your crazy day dictates. I mean, it's not often that productivity and relaxation intersect. Right? But they certainly do. And the all new Murano, because no amount of rushing around is going to get you down when you're chilling in a Murano. Check it out for yourself. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Ambient lighting and bows are optional features.


A $20 million roster bonus is earned five days after Higgins flip pen to paper. The only true full guarantee at signing is a $10 million 2026 off season roster bonus. The Bengals have a practical matter a year to year option that can pay him 35.9 million for the 2025. If he dresses for every game and earns $2 million per game roster bonus. And they can move on before the 2026 base salary become fully guaranteed is not guaranteed for injury. Because the $10 million guaranteed 22 20 26 roster bonus has offset language. They likely owe him nothing if they were to cut him after one year since he likely make more elsewhere.


Yeah. Man, listen, one thing about it, that language, that language always gets tricky. Boy, that language that they put in there, it always get tricky. And the way you just said it, listen, I'm, I'm I oh man, I, I, I, I don't even know what to say. I, I, I don't even know what to say He wanted. Well, You know, I'll help you out. He wanted to be there. Yeah, because this is a bull jive contract. You know it, that's why you speechless. Yeah. Listen, listen man, listen. I'm happy to pay. I'm, he wanted to be there. I'm happy to pay him though. He wanted to be there. I mean, I, that I, I can't, I can't be mad there Mo Joe, because that's his, that's his decision, right? He wanted to be there. He wanted to play with Joe. He wanted to play alongside Chase. That's the only team.


That's the team that drafted him. And he felt something Song of Loyalty. But everybody that heard what I just read, y'all know that contract is Yeah. But that's what he wanted. So I can't, I can't, oh, Joe, we can't be mad. That's not us. Listen, I, I don't, I don't know, I don't know who your attorney was, but my agent would've never let me sign this contract. My Okay. I had Drew, I had the shark. I had Drew. I had Drew. Okay. I had Drew. But look, listen, I'm gonna be happy for him. Regardless of what's in that language. The band is back together. I don't like the business side of things. Huh. That's why I was so passionate about it from, You know, when, when we were talking about it, when I was on ESP, we, when we on here, You know, we talking about it. Yeah. I was upset. I didn't like the first time they tagged him.


I told you because to me it was a slap in the face. Now for the people that are part of the Bangals organization, the people that are fans of it, I understand the business side of things. That's the side I don't like. 'cause when you tag me, they let me know you don't value me long term. You know what, normally when the team tags you, You know what? We betting against you. Even though you are a part of us, I'm betting against you. That's what it tells me. Again, I love my bangals. I love the fans, but the nature of the business is the one part I do not like. Which is why I played the game like a little kid. Because I wanna make sure I kept it fun for me so I didn't have to worry about that side of it.


Because at that side of it, yeah, it gets nasty. Read what you just wrote. Chat. You just heard it. I don't like that side of things. I like the fact that the band is back together. I like the fact that he got his money now with the language that I just heard. Ain't no telling what's gonna happen. Ain't no telling what their plans are after this season. Yeah. So I, I'm gonna leave it at that. I ain't gonna say no more. I'm just happy my dog got his money. You hear me? That's it. Yep. Got some money. He got some money. But like I said, Ocho, I, I, for me, I can't be mad because that's his, that's his decision.


And at the end of the day, the agent can put forth as like, okay, this is what they're offering. This is what we're gonna counter back at. Hopefully we, You know, this is here. Th they're here, we are here. Hopefully we laying here because You know, you want to try to pull somewhere to the middle Ocho. But at the end of the day, this is t's decision because at the end of the day, the agent works at the behest of the player. Yeah. I Team has their negotiator, player has their negotiator. You get in, I don't want to hear anything because You know, a lot of times the agent shield you from all the negative stuff they're playing. They're, I promise you they're saying a lot of what people are saying, he's a number two, he's not a number one, blah, blah, blah.


Rock is shielding him for that. For, Hey, hey, they said, look, they, they, they wanna pay you. We just trying to get to a number that, that they can digest and, and it fits under the cap while giving you the money that you, that, that, that they feel you deserve while being able to go out and, and get other players also. So, I get it. Like I said, I believe T wanted to be there. T gave them a discount. Chad, like I said, Ocho And I don't really, really need to add anything else about that because at the end of the day, this was t's decision. And, and at the end of the day, OCHO comes down to tease, listen, listen, We, we gotta get it done ahead. Lawrence is happy. I talked to him, he's happy. You know what you get, you got one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL top three right now.


You know what you get. But we gotta get, we gotta get it done. We, we, we, I we gotta get it done. We gotta come out. If it well you, You a bingle you, you a Bingle fan. I mean look, you played there, there's a sense of loyalty 'cause you played there, you played there for a better part of a decade. And so a lot of your roots people associate you with being a Bingle. Yeah. You had the one year in and, and, and, and, and New England and other things. But that's not where they associate you. No, not At all. They're not. That's, they're not, you didn't have a career. It's, it's funny. It's like I ain't never seen anything like this, but people associate Peyton Manning with the Broncos, even though he paid the largest part of his career. Ocho in in, in Right in Diddy played 14 years, if I'm not mistaken, in Indy.


He played four years in Denver and more people. He lives in Denver. His home base is in Denver. You see him talking about Denver. You see him at the Denver games. The only time I've seen him go back to an Indy game, and Chad, y'all could correct me if I'm wrong, is when they put the statue outside of him in front of Lucas Oil. Other than that, Peyton's at the Bronco King. Hey, whoa. Hey Matt. Speaking of, hey, I got, I got a question. Yes. I want me a statue out there in front of Paycor Stadium. Dang. Got nothing to do with me. I Got nothing to do with you. How much you think it cost me to put it out there?


They ain't gonna put it out there. No, I'm gonna put it out. I'ma hold we, I'm gonna put it out there. I'm gonna pay for it and just put it out there. That's private property. Huh? That's private property. Who, Who property it belong to Mike Brown. Okay. I'm part of the family. Let, lemme tell you something. If I, if I had a knife right now And I was a cut, if I was a, if I was to cut my wrist right Now, You know what color? You know what color? I believe black and orange Chocolate negative. Matter of fact, Hey Mike Brown, Troy, Katie, duke, Tobin, I'm going, I'm gonna wait till everybody's going in the middle of the night. I'm gonna put my own statue out there about eight foot tall, eight foot tall with me, with me toe tapping on the sideline.


I think the people at Cincinnati would love it. We, we and Denver, we got a monument park where all the guys that have their numbers, like not number tires, but have the name up in, You know, in the ring of Fame. You, you're in the park, okay? I don't wanna be in the park. I wanna, I wanna be right outside the stadium. Like you could come by. You could, you could, you could rub, you could rub, rub, rub my head or something for good luck. When you, before you go into the game, DK Metcalf spoke to Marshawn Lynch about leaving Seattle and to play for the Steelers. The grass is greener on the other side there. You mocho how, excuse me, considering the Steelers doesn't have a quarterback, how can he be so sure that the grass is green on the other side?


I'm not sure, but my grandma always said the grass is green on the other side depending on who's watering it. So Now you got, Now you got, Now you got to hold on. Now people gonna hold onto that clip. Now people going, they gonna go back to that clip. Now it don't matter who the quarterback is. Now there are two different type of receivers. There are receivers that need a quarterback. They elevate their play and their receivers, it doesn't matter who that quarterback, their play will always remain at the highest level. Right. So Now you get to show us which one you are, brother dk You know, I love you to death. I love you to death And I hope what you say is right. The grass being greener on the other side Ain't a whole lot of, ain't a whole lot of wide receivers that can play through bad quarterbacks.


Deandre Hopkins might be the best one I've ever seen. Quarterback Carousel out this world and, and then nothing changed. Not an ounce of production Case. Keen Hoyer Brock Osweiler. Obviously he had de Deshaun for that great strength and he and Deshaun was great, but it didn't matter. The quarterback D hop put up those numbers. Unbelievable. And, and, and, and, and so we're gonna, we're gonna find out, like you said Ocho, we're gonna find out if what if dk if what he said the grass is greener because You know, look, I I think the thing is you get upset. You spend time there, you ask for contract, they won't give it to you, but you had to go somewhere else and get it.


But You know, they traded. I I me, I don't get the trade. I don't, I don't get trading Sam, Donna. 'cause I don't believe Sam, Donna is a better quarterback than Geno Smith. That's just me personally. And then you're like, you trade Gino, you cut lock it. Right? You trade dk Now you left. Now you bring in, and granted I think it's the same coach that called plays. I think Clint, ak, if the, if the OC he was in, in his area in Minnesota. Ocho I know, I know Clint when he was about this big, his dad was my quarterback and he was also my offensive coordinator, Gary Kubiak. But the, the decision that they made in the Seattle, it didn't make a whole lot of sense to me.


But guess what Ocho it don't need to make sense to me. It just needs to make sense to them. Yeah. Damn man. I, I'm, Hey listen, I'm, I'm hoping it, I'm hoping it work out and I'm, I'm, I'm thinking, I'm thinking it is going to work out. I like, I like the dynamic duo. I like DK and George Pickens. Yeah. You know, two of my, Hey listen, two of my favorite crash out receivers. I, Well, You know what's, You know what's gonna happen if they don't get the ball? Oh, they gonna get it. They gonna get it. Arthur Smith going, Smith gonna make sure they get it. They gonna make sure they From who? I don't listen. Well why did he make sure, why did he make sure George picks get the ball last year? Hey Man, listen you, You know they rolled, they rolling coverage to 'em now it's a different ball game now It's a different ball game.


Okay. Yeah. I'll hope you right. I sure hope you right. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars need smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas verse Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway Spring is in full swing. So take some time for self-care this spring. Now through April 22nd, buy two self-care items and save $2. Shop in store or online for self-care essentials like Tom's toothpaste, soft soap, liquid hand soap, Colgate Optic White toothpaste and Colgate Total toothpaste. And save $2 when you buy two Participating items. Offer ends April 22nd. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.