
Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 Agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you'll pay the heavy price. To find out. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I, approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book, and of official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho Tom Brady post song Lyric After Jaelle announces her pregnancy, Bo Brady posted a sunset photo via his IG stories using the chicks cover landslide as background music. He added song lyrics to O Mirror in the sky. What is love? Can the child within my heart rise above? Can I sail through the changing ocean ties? That must have been one of they songs together or something. I'm, Hey, hold on. I'm com I'm confused though. Huh? Hold on now what You confused by? Hold on. She pre, she pregnant like, like with a, like with a baby? Yeah. What else? She pregnant with a Time out.


Listen to me now. Hold on now if my mask serves me correct. It's only been a year. It don't take me nine months Hold. That's bingo. So if her and Tommy just broke up not that long ago, that mean her and Buddy had to be doing the do while they were still together. That might have been a process, but he might have been putting meat on the back then. Okay. Oh Lord. That ain't good, man. Hold on bro. Hold on. Why do you think somebody, because of who they are, is exempt from what the casual man experience every Day? I ain't, I ain't, I ain't say they was exempt. I just said that's messed up. You know the dude to do the, you know it is life though. It is what it is. They they separated. Huh? They separated, don't you?


Yeah, I know, I know they separated now, but I'm just saying just, just the thought of it. You might have been separated but it, when before you were separated, you know you was planting the seed already. The, the, the seed might have been getting planted. Oh, look here, I ain't no motherfucking food. A lot of times men or women, they're not leaving the relationship unless they got something lined up. There are very few people that will quit a job without having a job already lined up. Now sometimes it has happened just like sometimes people will leave a relationship and totally be scot free. But that's not, that's a rarity. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.


Say that again. Say say what? You just said one more time. I said normally people will relieve a relationship unless they got something already lined up. Ah, yeah. Now There is, there is, there have been situations where they just want to get out from under that situation. It's just like a job. Sometimes people like, I ain't got nothing la lined up, but I just know I need to leave this job on. More times than not people have another job already. I'm up out the door. Dang. That's crazy bro. So With a baby though, already, Maybe she wanted one and Tom didn't.


Maybe I don't, I ain't, I ain't trying to y that man Tommy would've gave her another one if she wanted another one. Like you ain't been, there ain't been two years now. You already ain't got the, you already got the Wawa wa wa Okay, so, so hey, you broke with your girlfriend. You waiting, Hey, we break up. I'm putting meat on somebody that night. Damn you, you ain't gonna heal nigga. I'll heal. Hey, My bad. I need, I need somebody to go, I need somebody to help me get over this. Right. Can you help me? Yeah. Yeah, but that, listen, that help you talk about, that's temporary.


Hey, that pain gonna seep right back in as soon as you done. You ever heard of post? Not clarity. Well that shit hurts you, boy. Nah, Huh? Yeah. All right. All right. Hey, it, it happens Ocho It Do, once we go our separate ways, whatever you do, that's your, first of all, it was your hoo-ha when we was together. So if you chose it to give it somebody when we were together, it is what it's, Hold on, hold on, hold on. Timeout, rewind. Lemme tell you something. It's never your hoo-ha ever. Yeah. Ever She killed. She don't, she don't leave it at the house when she leave. Oh, absolutely not.


Somebody to get it. Yeah, yeah. Hey, it, it never belongs to us now. Never that, never that. I I I ocho we all Look I'm feeling good today too. I'm just saying Ocho, I ain't look here, I ain't trying to cast. Look, I ain't got no problem with what Giselle did. Her and Tommy were separated. Her and Tommy divorced People get married, people get divorced a year. Just about what? I don't know how long it's, it maybe they had, listen, this ain't something that just happened. They've been probably having issues. It came to a head and they decided to sell enough of this. Everybody says, you know what, we part ways Happens.


Damn man. So, you know, you know, listen, I I've been saying it for a lot of years. A lot of people have taken my sand. I've been saying this since 83. This was in the yearbook in my yearbook, 1996 in the yearbook. She's never yours in just your turn. Okay? Everything in life has an expiration date. At some point, you know, people say, oh, I love him unconditionally. Nothing is ever No, No, no, no, no. I it's hard. It's hard. No, no family members. Your mom, your dad is probably gonna be the one that love you con unconditionally. All these people that love you unconditionally. Everything in life comes with conditions always. Yeah. No matter what anybody tell you always. Yeah. That's life.


It's the way it is. Yeah. It is gonna be a mom, it's gonna be a family member because I, I could've done some of the most something, the most hy heinous crime. My grandmother gonna say, that boy deserves whatever happened to him. Right. But that's still my baby. Yeah. My sister's gonna be the same. She going, Hey, I know she gonna come in here to break her heart. She gonna husband me. She say she not always love you, but you know you gotta go do what you're supposed to do. Yeah. Damn man. We love, they love on the condition. You don't hurt me, you don't abuse me, you don't mistreat me. Right, right, Right. And, and you also have to do, you also have to provide, don't forget That. Right. And so I'm just saying that's mutual. I love you, you love me, X, y and Z.


I'm cool with that. I'm under no illusions that it has to be perfect on one side and not the other. So I don't want women to say, well, oh, no, no, no, no, no. I'm speaking for men and women. So normally it's universal because when I'm talking, I'm talking about for men and women. So excuse me, if I just say if I'm, it feel like I'm just talking to the guys and I'm looking at the women. No women. I'm looking at the men too. Mm. Yeah. But that hurt Ocho. You think that hurt Tom? Probably. It probably hurt based on the amount of years and memories and time they put in and everything. He invested in her knowing Tommy, he's been pretty private.


I'm not sure if he's moved on or not, but Giselle has been public with her situation. Tommy, Tommy playing is smart. Tommy playing is smart. Doing it the private way, similar to how you do things, UNC. And I think it might sting a little bit. It might sting a little bit, but it's something he'll probably be able to get over. And I I shit hell, I I I wish him both the best man. Yeah. I wish them both the best. Absolutely. I, like I said, I I I, I know Tommy a little bit. I've never met Gisele. So I have, I mean, for him to be able to do what he's done, I have respect for the man because he played in the NFL and what he's been able to accomplish. And he's always, even when I've been critical of him, when he see me, he understands my job, my responsibility.


And he still show me love. He's always, he's always shown me love. Every time I've met Tom Brady, he's shown me the utmost respect. So I have nothing but the utmost respect for him. I don't know him outside of the football. So I don't, I don't judge people outside of football. Right. That's why I got no problem. When he decided that he wanted to get a divorce, they wanted to go their separate ways. Go. I ain't, look, I ain I, oh, he should have stayed or he should have stayed. I can't believe this. I can't believe that. I'm talking about Tom Brady's football player and boy was he a damn good one. Yeah. Oh, Joe, dammit, Pook leave practice with a knee injury who could deal with knee issues in training camp before aggravating the injury in Rams lost against the Lions of week one.


He was diagnosed with a PCL sprain and subsequently placed on Injury Reserve, missing the team's next five games. LA struggled in his absence finish with two and three record while missing the Pro Bowl receiver. Damn. I think, I think, I think, 'cause I saw reports on this earlier today as well, that he might not miss any time Sunday because the Rams look like a completely different offense with Putback and Cooper Cutback. But again, the funny thing about it, I went to that Thursday night game, I talked to Cooper Cup as well. I talked to Puka Nku on the sideline. I say, Puka, bro, what is you doing? You know, you got people in your ear changing your diet. You just had a historic rookie season eating McDonald's the entirety of the season.


Here you go. You talk to somebody. I'm not saying no names. You talk to somebody else and all of a sudden you wanna change your diet for the better because you think it's going and then all of a sudden you get hurt. Go back to what you know. If it's not broke, don't fix it. If it's not broke, don't fix it. Now here we go with another injury. But he, he gonna be all right though. I, I think this is, this is not that serious. Hopefully, hopefully he gotta play Sunday. Now is time for Money Moves presented by DraftKings. The Cincinnati Bingle seek. Oh, we gotta, damn where y'all be getting all this from? Is this what y'all be doing with my money? Hey, play that. Play that again. Play that again.


Play that again. Can we play that again? Play it again. Play it again. Hey. Hey. Money, Moves, Money, Moves. You see it? You See it? Nah. C Nah C What y'all be talking about A we need some, we need some extra cash for all these graphics and animations. I got the cash for you right here, UNC, how much you need. How much you need? I got a hot 60. I got, I can stress this 60 for two weeks. Sh Okay. The Cincinnati Bengals season is on life support and they know it. Entering week nine, the Bengals have a three and five record, which is have them sitting in third in the a FC North by a healthy margin.


They're currently slotted as the ninth seed in the a FC playoff pitch. Midway point of the season. Yeah. With a home matchup against the Raiders on deck on Sunday, Joe Burrow gave a sobering outlook where his team is at. This is a must win game for us. We're three and five. You go to three and six, then you gotta be real. Basically went out to get in. Urgency is very high this week. And from here on out at Draftking Sports book, the Bengals are currently favored to miss the playoffs, but are seven point favorites against the Raiders Ocho what happens to the Bengals this year? Listen, I don't know what's happened to us this year, obviously as a fan, as a former player, I'm all jokes aside.


I'm, I'm, I'm talking serious because I I am being serious. How we've played this season has been disappointing. We always start off slow out the gate. Oh and two this year, damn near oh and three. It's, it's, it's been abysmal all offensively. We, we, we played great in spurts but not consistent enough to get the wins that we need and dig ourselves out this hole right now. Joe Burrow came out and said if we can win seven of the last nine, that the chance that we can still make a push for the playoffs with Joe coming out and saying something like that of that magnitude and that that bold and that ballsy, I'm, I'm hoping we can do so because if, if there's a team that is built and structured to be able to do that, it's gonna be all hands on deck offensively with everybody being healthy, including t Higgins.


I think we can do that. If we are to lay an egg against the Raiders on Yeah, that'd be over. That's Yeah. Y'all season be officially over unc. It's, that's bad. And, and I mean, no disrespect to the Raiders organization or Mr. Pierce, but it, it would be bad based on who we are and what we're supposed to be and the expectations that we had coming in before the season even started. We gotta do something. You Lose this game. Hey, I get off t Higgins, you gonna lose him in free agency anyway. Yeah. So you wanna, you wanna get rid of him early? You go three and six, what the hell you gonna do? Oh yeah, Yeah, but hold on. You wanna, you wanna get rid of him early? Yes. And the trade deadline is, is Tuesday.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You gonna lose him in for agency? Why not get, try to get a third or fourth round draft pick for it A third man, you get a, a second fatigue. I don't know about that. Why am I gonna give you a second round draft pick when I know you gonna lose them in fridge anyway? Oh, okay. I see what you, I see you going I I I'm not gonna give you market value. You want me to give you market value for your house when I know it's about to go in four code in two months. That's the chess I Wish I might Right, right. I'm not gonna do it. Oh, Joe Trevon, Diggs has done a lot of talking this week besides apologizing to a reporter and gifting him a can of nuts. Okay.


Digs also went on Michael Parson's podcast and said Jayden Daniels is a top five quarterback in the league. He went on the list, his top 10 quarterbacks, Mahomes, Lamar, Daniels, Josh Allen, Hertz, golf, Stafford and Darnell. Right. There was one noticeable absent on that quarterback list. His own that Prescott. Yeah. I Mean, listen, when you make a list like that, sometimes your quarterback that's on your team really isn't considered part of your top 10. Just because he plays for the Cowboys doesn't mean Dak has to be in his top 10 of quarterbacks that he actually likes. Maybe talk about the quarterbacks now, as of right now in the league, I'm putting my quarterback on there Is d is Dak top 10 right now?


Statistically Me and you? No, but as, as a teammate? Yeah. Oh, okay. I see what you mean. Well, maybe he doesn't think like that. I mean may maybe he doesn't think like that and he would just be, instead of being PC, just because he's on the cowboys and plays for them, maybe he was just being truthful. Lemme ask you a question. They asked Charles Par, Hey, gimme the top five receivers. TO Randy malls, this one, that one. No. Ocho you gonna feel some type of way? Well, not really because I'm not in their class anyway. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a tear below everybody you just named. I'm saying I don't, Don't care because I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm realistic. I'm, I don't care. Right. I'm not putting, when they asked me who my quarterback, I'm taking seven.


Okay. Okay. Well, seven is that seven is that boy. So you gotta take Seven. I don't, I don't care if he not that boy. Right, because lemme ask you a question. Right. How many pass did Carson throw to the people that I named? None. How many of those players help Carson get to the Pro Bowl? Okay, I see you, I see you going with it. I, I I, I might I see what you're talking about. I wish I would gimme seven. Yeah, But I mean, Dak probably say, well damn I couldn't get number nine. I couldn't get 10. Damn. Don't worry about it. Hey One thing about it.


Dak got that 60 million. He ain't tripping. He ain't tripping. He ain't tripping on while what Trey about? Hey, about the Houston, Texas. I say, hey, what y'all want for tea? The who for tea. Oh, that's the, oh my goodness. Ah. Now look at you now look at you. Hey, I had to, I had to take my shades off on that one boy. So listen, if they happen to lose, imagine when, oh, that's a good one. I I like, I like that move. I like what you're talking, I like what you Yeah, I am picking up what you're putting down there. I like that. Then I got, because I'm gonna make, look, I feel good Today. This is a free agent. Likelihood of you paying him, coming off an ACL injury.


Not very good. At least a I got TI get an opportunity to C. Right. Just saying don't you? Yeah. Yeah. I like it. I like it. So listen, I don't, I don't want my Bengals to lose. But you're saying if, if they happen to lose to the Raiders, the chance of t probably going to Houston being that they're, the receivers are, or I hate using the word hurt, they're depleted at the receiving corps. There's this chance it happens. I'm speaking it into existence. What you wanted to happen, you want, you want t to go to the Texas? I mean I, I wanna see Thera to have something that he can use at his disposal. That's really good.


Not saying they don't have anything. 'cause Tank Dale is good. I like Robert Woods, I like me Mechi. But adding another piece of that puzzle with, with Diggs gone now and Nico Collins not coming back to maybe week 11. I think it'd be cool. And here's the thing though, Ocho, you gotta get, try to get something done. CJ TROs gonna get 2 75, 300. Yeah. It makes it very, very difficult when your quarterback makes that kind of money to put all the pieces that he has around him now. Because think about it. They had a digs, they have Nico Collins, they have a tank deal. You got a Joe Mixon, Hey CJ Anderson is going, Hey, he gonna command a big payday.


Yeah. Only so much. A and then you gotta start to filling in the blanks. Right. So I'm just saying, I mean that, that's something that Theos are gonna have to think about. Is that okay we lose this game. Matter of fact, you know what? We not even losing that game. Okay. Impossible. You know the Raiders played man to man. Huh? You know that And we got, we got, we got, I don't know, I hope T is playing. We got Jamar Chase, well got Jermaine Burton. He gonna have enough time to throw it because yo, you know they got Max Crossbell over there, right? We got Yoshi, we got Who? Max Crosby on the defensive side for the Raiders.


You know who our left tackle is? Do you know how our right tackle is? We don't see Mac Crosby. Nah, he ain't your starting right tackle because Brown got hurt. Oh shit. Who taking? I don't even know. I know your red tackle is and hell, what'd you call him? He heard too. Who? O Brown. O Brown Jr. Oh, we got Mme Mims Mims from Alabama. Okay. Yeah, we good. We good. Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay.


So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President. Jalen Hurt had an opportunity to meet President Barack Obama with Saquon Barkley early this week. Unlike Barkley Hertz wasn't golfing with President Obama and Jeffrey Lori, why not? Hertz admitted he can't golf in his contract. To see him out there enjoying himself and talk a little trash.


That was, that was cool. I told him he didn't want these problems just yet. I can't golf right now by contract. I can't golf. Her admits he's not, he wasn't allowed to golf. And that was a story for another time. He said it's still not time to tell the story. I, I've never heard anybody have like golf. I obviously basketball, jet skis, water skiing, regular skiing. You know, I've heard, you know, obviously you can't go dirt bike, you know, dirt bike riding, you know, things like that. But I've never heard anybody have a golf clause in their contract saying they couldn't do it. Michael Jordan had basketball in his contract for the love of the game. Right.


So at any point in time he wanted to play pickup basketball, he could. Right. I I, I think I understand what hers is talking about. Especially with the way everybody's getting hurt. non-Cat, non-contact injuries. You don't wanna be out there swinging a golf club, creating all that torque with your, with with your waist and the shoulders and the swing and the arm Just, you know, just keep it, keep it played safe. You know, you just, you just had a season last year where on the back half of the season, the last 10 games, maybe 10 or 11 games, you had an issue with your knee. I think it affected, I think it affected your play. Right now you're healthy. Let's not have any problems. So you continue to play some good football and sweep that goddamn N-F-C-N-F-C East, right?


Yeah. NFC East. Okay. I'm tripping. Did you ever have a clause in your contract of things that you couldn't do? Probably things that would've been conduct detriments to the team and they could have took money from me. Obviously they could took some of my signing barns. But They don't list those things. They just saying they get to decide. Oh, Oh, oh listen, they get to decide and it's stuff that I wouldn't be doing anyway. I'm not riding no goddamn motorcycles. Yeah. That's me. I Ain't riding no motorcycles. You ain't gotta worry about that. They say twerk. You mean t torque or tweak? I said twerk. No twerk is what women do at the club. Yeah, it is. No, I ain't say I talk about that.


What you talk about, you said tweak or twerk About like, like twerk, like torque. Like, yeah, Torque. Like but you said but you said twerk. No, I just, it's 'cause the way I, the way I say it, I said yeah, I know what you, I know what the way you said it was twerk. And you mean twerk? No, No torque. It's, it is my Ws. 'cause I, 'cause I got a, I got Oh, But I thought, but I thought I was country. No, I'm, I'm just saying 'cause it is the way I talk. It's the, it's the way I talk. Okay. I talk like little gorilla. Okay. No, I didn't have anything in my contract. I didn't have a weight claws in my contract. And I like you, I didn't have a whole lot of hobbies outside of Yeah. Of lifting weight. And, and, and, and, and, and I used to ride, I used to road bike a lot when I was in the league, but Road bike.


What's that about? Bicycle road bike? Yeah. Oh, okay, okay, okay. That ain't nothing. That ain't nothing. Yeah. So, but then I just, I I, I gave that up 'cause people be started running your ass over on the road. So I was like nah, I was riding, I've tried to go out early in the streets of Atlanta. So I tried to get up like six o'clock in the morning where there's not a whole lot of traffic. You go to traffic. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then I bought this bi, I bought this bike. It's a Trek. A trek. That's American Made Trek right. Went down to Colorado Springs got fitted. Chris Carmichael fitted me, got on, did all the stuff that lactic acid test and did everything right.


Man. I got that bike. It's carbon fiber, light. The bike probably weighs it had to weigh a little more because I'm a little heavier than you know, obviously cyclist weigh between 1 35 and probably about one 60. It was expensive. How much was your bike? It was a lot. About three. Huh? Bike. About thousand. How much? 15. 1500. Oh that ain't bad. 15 bands. Man. You paid 15,000 American dollars for a bicycle. Yes. Huh? We gotta talk about your decision making man and spending this money man. First now the shoes. Shoes in Atlanta. Shoes. And wherever you at right now. She la and now you bought a, a goddamn bicycle about $15,000.


Like what are we doing? That was so long ago. It don't, it don't matter Who's your financial person. You need to, before you make any goddamn decision from this point on, you need to call me first. No, I actually, I don't need to call you. I probably need to call you. You need to call me first. I'm good. I'm, I'm good with finances. Trust me. 15,015. I'm, I'm gonna make, I'm gonna make sure you good? No, I'm good. 'cause buy bicycle, a plastic bicycle with 15 grand is not a good decision. I don't care how much money you got. Im Good. You not good. Got me some jewelry. So You make, if you make any more, any more rational purchases without consulting me, I'm gonna beat you up.


That's it. You think, you think, lemme ask you a question. You think my financial guy, you think my financial guy doesn't know everything that I've ever purchased in since 1990? Matter. Matter fact, if they, if they agree on you making a purchase like that and say, yes, this is okay because of what you have, then I'm gonna beat them up. Yeah. How About that's the, that's, that's the whole, that's the whole point Ocho right? Is that you told me I gotta get some enjoyment outta my life. Right. Not buying a 15,000 box. So what was I, so what? So what, so what was I gonna do with it? What was, Lemme ask you a question. Yes. Be honest. Be honest to me and me and the chat. 'cause we all family. Yeah. When 11 time you rode that bike, Man, I ain't rode the bike. I rode that bike once. See what the talk about.


Man t some money man. You don't, you don't do that. You don't do that. I Rode it once. Now you got, you got me hot, man. You don't do that. I rode that bike once 15 years ago. Come on man. Jesus. Correct. You don't, don't do that man. You don't treat money like that. I'm good. I promise you. Yeah, I know you. I know you good. I'm good too. You see this hot 60 in my hand, I'm good too. We all, we all got that money. We all got that. Fatty aint shit. You ain't the only one You talk about. Nah, nah. I but, but like I said, Ocho, I mean you, you think about it when I went, I played and, and Right. And I saved because I had kids and I wanna make sure they were straight. And then, you know, it was, I'm, I got, I at some point in time, ocho I gotta enjoy my life because guess what?


You do Enjoy your life. You don't spend 15,000 on something and, and, and ride at one time. That's not enjoying your life. That's what I enjoy. That's not a good, that's not a good financial Decision. You see it when I, when I go into my home and I see that back i's like, okay, I work it. See like you, you like vacations, you like cigars, you like doing certain things. I like vacations. I like cigars and I like gaming. I see. You know? And I, I don't, I don't spend 15,000 on nothing. I might not spend 15,000 in a year. You spend 15,000. Unless, unless you sleeping on the bridge. Who? You Oh shit. I don't pay the bills. So you know, somebody talking about 15,000 would change lives.


Well go ahead and change somebody's life with it. Go ahead. Everybody. That would kill me. People like, man you did that. You know what? Okay, go ahead and do it. If that's only gonna take the change lives, go ahead and drop 15 bands on them ocho before we go into our next topic.


Op is a new kind of soda. It tastes great and it has less than five grams of sugar. And my favorite flair flavor is ginger ale. We gotta, now y'all have me up now you're gonna have me up all night. Go into the bathroom. Know my bladder the size of a quarter. Drink the whole thing like a beer. Go, go, go, go. I saw in the store today old paycheck. I'm feeling And got fiber in it because you know I eat a lot of protein. So you know if you eat a lot of protein, you gotta get fibroid. Man. You be woo. Have to go, have to have to cut it at you go get an enema. That ain't nice.


I like Eminem too. No, a enema. Oh. You like Eminem's too, too? Nah, I thought you said Eminem. I'm talking about you talking about the wrap or you talking about the candy? No, I'm talking about when you constipate it, they give you an enema. Oh well they put a little, they put the finger up your, up, up, up your No, it's a tube of water. It ain't put no finger Ocho. Damn. No, No, it ain't no finger. It's water, warm water solution. It's a solution. Hey, if you got, you know your girl could do that. You, you, you ain't never did that. Do what? Like, like if, if you need anyway. No, nah. You just, you cock your legs open.


Let your girl Girl. No girl. I ain't, I ain't cocking nothing up. The only thing I'm cocking in this pistol with somebody come up in this house, the motherfucker thing, I'm a cock, I'm a cock, I'm a cock. This nine. That's the only thing that's getting cocked up in here. I cock her legs over, but they shade legs ain't cocking nothing. Oh you, oh hey you gotta try that now. You talking about living a little bit. Having a little fun. Nah. Oh. Shame ain't trust that. Oh no. Hey listen, I'm just telling. I'm, I'm just telling You. No, no, no. Let, Let try. Hey, let her, let her just let tell her I don't know who, I don't know who your people live. That ain't my business. Like let her let her put you in the book. Right? Yeah.


Woohoo. In the book man. You out your mind. Hold on. Listen to me man. Talk to me. You talking about having a good time. Right Man, you have me done Call the case that don't play like that. Man. I don't play. Hey anybody. I tell you what? Anybody that know know me will tell you. Nah, he, he ain't, he don't play, he don't play like that. I don't play like that. You talking about having fun, huh? That ain't no fun. That ain't fun to me. You gotta explore, Huh? Nah, I, you know, let, nah, let, let, Let us suck on your toes and work our way up, man. I'm telling you, I don't need to be in the bunk to do that. Yeah, but no, she gotta put your back.


I you, she ain't gotta put nothing back, man. You watch your damn mind. Alright. Don't worry about it. Alright. Next time. I'm just try. Hey, I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to help you out. You talking about you wanna live? We try, we gotta try some. I Got the ridge, I got the ridge rush too. I like the ridge rush. But I'm a ginger ale guy. Man. Look, my grandma got me drinking ginger ale because anytime you was sick in the South, hey, get that boy from Ginger. And so I grew up drinking ginger ale. But nah, hell nah man. I don't, I don't play like that Ocho. Yeah, okay. I got, I gotcha. No problem. But, But, but if you don't, if you eat a lot of protein, I eat a lot of protein, but I eat a lot of fibrous carbs, so I eat a lot of veggies and things like that.


I get a lot of roughage because you know, I, like I said, I eat five meals a day and I'm getting about, I'm getting somewhere between 10 and 12 ounces of protein in each setting. So keep me, keep me strong. The Ravens are among the teams which have made an addition at the wide receiver spot. Ocho, the Baltimore Ravens added Deontay Johnson from the Panthers agreeing to a day three pick swap with Carolina retained much of his remaining salary. When asked by the trade, Deontay said once I found out where I was going, I was like excited. I was like, whew, I'm ready to work. I know that's a relief that got, that gotta be a relief for him being able to go over, be able to go to the Ravens obviously.


Who our contender after leaving what most would call the dumpster fire over the man. He went from the Marlin to the Dodgers or to the Yankees or to the Phillies'. A good, That's a good one, man. Come on now. Yeah, I know, I know what you mean. But, but lemme see. We got Rashad Bateman, we got Aguilar, we have Flowers. Flowers. You Got, likely you got Andrew And Deontay Johnson. That's, that's nice. Hey, you got that? I mean, you, you straight, Hey it's, it's only one ball and and they, they running the ball 25 third times a game. Ain't too many of them balls to go around now, but Run it. Oh, Joe Derrick Henry can run you to a championship.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. What? Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. There are a few teams, there are a few teams in the NFL that are structured from the first level to the second level to stop that shit now. Well you have to show me, you could stop very few. You gonna have to show me. You can stop it with a light box. Okay. I see what you mean. I Don't believe, I don't believe there're the, there are not maybe, maybe, maybe Kansas City can with a seven man box, what we call a light box. They gave 11 carries. He average six and a half y'all to carry. You right. You right, you're right, you're right. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take that back. Take That back. No, no. Todd Monkin stopped him did that.


There wasn't a light box. It was Todd not giving him Thes Self-inflicted. Yes self Man. Please. I'm giving. Hey, I'm he gonna get his touches. O Joe, I'm gonna make sure that man get his touches Right. Lyons wide receiver Jameson Williams could face his third suspension by the NFL after recent gun incident. The de Detroit free press reports. Williams had a gun in his brother's car during a traffic stop. He did not have a permit to carry ake concealed weapon. Prosecutors are investigating the failure to arrest Williams at the scene. What happened was the police realized who he was.


They got an opportunity that man, they got something to be something special. Detroit Paper, freedom of Reformation Act started digging like when man watch. But anyway, the police officer could face charges of their own. It's all happening while Williams is serving a two game suspension for violating the peds. He is eligible to return Sunday after the game. Guys, if you going to get a firearm, get it registered, get a firearm permit, a concealed weapons permit to carry it, bro. Come on man. I know Ocho, Debra, he he don't like his money.


He don't like money. He got suspended six games la well, six games last year. Ocho for, for betting on football. He just got suspended for two games. Hold on. Hey Unc. You say he he driving in the car? He got pulled over, right? His brother was driving. I guess it his brother. He he was in the passenger seat. His brother was driving. Yeah. Well his brother's supposed to take that. He is spo he's supposed to take that when the officer comes. Do you have any They he said yeah, two of them. One in the back seat, one in the passenger seat. Oh shit. You riding li you riding around. I mean, what you expecting to pop off? Damn.


Oh Lord. I ain't, I ain't even got nothing for, I ain't even got nothing for that one. I can't, I can't fight for that one ever. Yeah, man. Hey, You know I, I'm not sure Detroit, how Detroit state works as far as be being able to carry, I know at, at home, you know, at the crib. You, I mean now it's open carry state. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Georgia the same Way. You, you, you, you goddamn license no goddamn license. Yeah. I mean I, I used to have a car. I had a car, you had a concealed weapons card. But now they let you take that thing anyway and you could take it anywhere. That's why you have to be careful in the south because in the south, Hey, you run up on somebody and they got that thing tuck. Yeah.


All that road rage. You get out your car walking up on somebody. They let you have it. They have you doing a macare in the street. Man, please, they give your button up, man. Hey, the, the hey. Yeah. You see a, that's why they, every time they pow Oh pow oh, Pow pow. Lead them people along. Hey, somebody cut you off. That's Go ahead bro. Officer, you and Harry. Hey, when people cut me off, I tell 'em speed on hell ain't full yet. I That's what you trying to go to. Yep. That's a good one. But hey, I ain't finna now, back when I was young, old young sha Hey, I drive in front of me, I slow down.


Yeah. Not, not now. What? Now all of a sudden, oh, you got a problem. You cut me off. I just did the favor. Turn the favor. Right. Not no more Ocho people let you have it out there. Yeah, they, Well, we let each other have it. We let each other because you best believe Don't play now. Man. I just, come on Ocho guys, we gotta be smarter than this. But I get, if it's his, here's the thing. If it's his brother's car and he's, his brother's driving, I'm a passenger. I'm good. I, Hey, that ain't got nothing to do with me. Right.


All you want me to say, Hey, I'm just a passenger in the car. Damn. Man. Fuck man. I hate, I hate it's like one One thing on top of another. Yeah. I I think it was Texas a dude road rage. And the dude got out and was beating on the guy's window. Yeah. He shot him. Did he? Man, you come at somebody in a threatening manner, you yelling and screaming. Right. Just rolled down the window. Let him had it. I think he killed him. Didn't he die? Hey. Even though he wasn't a threat. Yeah.


Yeah, though, hold on Ocho what he did, he walked up. He had his thing to the side. Oh, now that's a different story. Now you talking, Even if he didn't have it, you can't walk up on somebody bamming on their window. Right. You, you approaching someone in a threatening manner. Right. Right, right, right, right, right, right. You gotta be, Hey, just, hey, just let it go. And why Would you walk up? Listen, and once you, once you draw on calling the rule number one, if you from the crib, If you don't pull it out, you better let it go. You gotta let it Go. You gotta let it go. Gotta let it go. I don't know. And look, like I said, man, that's why I don't play.


I don't play with it. I don't, I don't show nobody. It is what it is. It's where it's supposed to be. Oh. And it it stay there. And I do everything I can to make sure I don't have to use it. Nope. Yeah. I mean, but, but in the south, like I said, and you never know. Yeah. You could take it in. You could take it in, you could take it in in the church. You can take it in stores or you can't have it on federal you, unless you're a federal lawsuit. You can't have it on federal, in federal property. But anywhere else, and I don't know idea, but I'm saying in the south, especially Georgia, you run up upon the person who's talking crazy if you want to Yeah.


Thinking you could take somebody because you bigger. Okay. Exactly. Right. That's it.


Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message. Paid. for by Harris. for President.


All right, Ocho, now it's time for Rough Draft sponsored by whatnot. Ocho and I will be live on whatnot app tomorrow, Friday, November 1st at 7:00 PM Pacific Time. Auctioning off over 300 pairs of sneakers from my personal collection, including these sign up for the whatnot, using my link in the description. And you'll get $15 off your first order. The link is being dropped in the track. And the dr and the chat, today's ru Rough Draft is prompted best sneaker of all kind.


Okay. You finna lose again. Here we go. Oh, I first, I first Why you how you oh. Oh. How you first just, You went first job day. I won. You don't get to go first. We alternate. Why would we alternate if I won? What sense does that make? So lemme ask you, Lemme ask you question. If you, If you take one-on-one in basketball, it's make it take Nah, No, no. So in football, so you score a touchdown, you get, they gotta kick the ball after you again. Ball. If you Score a basket at basketball, We're we're retired. I'm just asking you a question. But if this is 1 0 1, you talking about 5 0 5? We play 1 0 1. Oh, I noticed that. You didn't say that when I was winning. Rough. Draft. You talking about Oh. Oh, you went first. You went first the other time.


You know what? Go ahead. You gonna lose anyway. Don't worry about it. Well, you know what don't you, I gotta go where it all started. I'm gonna go with the Jordan was, I'm gonna say Jordan was, This is how I know you finna lose. What? Because I'm going Air Force once. Okay. Something that any and everything. I'm going with the Jordan. I'm going with the Chuck Taylors. I'm going with the Jordan three. Oh shoot. Yeah, you stuck like Chuck. It's over Nike Max. It's over. I might not even Max. I might not even pick no more.


You just, you just, you just picking George. There's no, there's no diversity in, in your picks. Best Sneaker All Time. Air Force one. Chuck Taylors. You know what? I might put some zips or some pro kids in there just to give you a chance. That's sneaker ball time. Hold on. Wait, hold on. Where you going? I'm going. It's my turn. Oh, it's your turn. You got Air Force one. Chuck Taylor And I said Nike Air Maxes, right? Yeah. Did that's what he said. Air Maxes. Yep. The 90 fives Classics. So what, what you got? Or it's me? Nope. Damn.


You just Went. Okay, I'm gonna go join four. I'm gonna go with AI to question, You know what, I'm gonna go LeBron eight. Go the SI Like that. Which one? Shit, was it three fifties maybe.


Okay. You wanna honorable mention? My honorable mention was me. You don't get to go Ocho. You just selected. Oh, my bad, my bad Bad man. Here, you know what I'm gonna go kds, the Aunt Pearls. My honorable mention is Tom's a croc. Toms slash Crocs Crocs Ain't no sneak. You talking about Hold on.


You talking about these? Yeah. This man say Crocs. Okay. Hey it, last but not least, Hold on. Crocs is the better seller than half the stuff on here outside of Georgia. I'm going to Kobe's Which ones? Hey don't, Kobe ain't got but one kind of shoe. I'm gonna go to Kobe. The Kobes. That The Kobes now the Kobes. The Kobes, the Kobes, Nike Kobes. All right. You got the Grinch, you got whatever you want. Whatever shoe you want, whatever shoe you want to take, take which one you wanna take. And you kind, you kind of won. You kind of won this time though.


I'm, I'm just being honest. You kind, you kind of won this time because I'm thi this is, this is like not an area of expertise for me. I we can tell I'm not, I'm not a I I'm not a shoe guy. We can tell. Yeah. I'm, I'm not a shoe guy. What? Okay, we'll make it, what, what do you want? What did you want the next one to be? Fruit. Nah, nah. It, it doesn't matter. Just everything else. I've won like the last four or five rough drafts. So this one I could let you have. Okay. You need one more? You need one more honorable mention shoe. Let think of something I like. I don't know if me a shoe that I like and I enjoy.


Ooh, you know what, what? Back when I was a little shorty What'd you have? E Huh? When I was a little, remember E tonics? Yeah. I'm gonna go with Eton because I had, I had every color. Purple, orange, red. I'm surprised you didn't take the laws. Or, or, or zip or pro kids. Not about B laws. Man. I should have said truth. Yeah, man. Oh, okay. Ocho. Excuse me. Yeah. Now is time for spell Cinco?


Are we spelling tonight? Hold on, let me stretch. Let let your boy stretch. Hey, that, that, that was the problem with me last week. 'cause I, I hadn't stretched. So, you know, when you stretch it eases your mind. It's like doing yoga. It's like doing yoga. It's like doing Pilates. You mean Pilates? Huh? Like Pilates? No, it's called, it's called Pilates. What's that? Like where they where they, where they stand there with their legs crossed. No, that's not, that's a, that's a yoga pose. Pilates is like when they're on the reformer or the mega reformer.


What you know about reform? I know about Pilates. 'cause I used to take Pilates and I've been on the reformer Pilates. Nah, I ain't, I don't know nothing about no Pilates, but, okay. Alright. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Hey Chad, y'all. Hey, put your money up in bed with your boy. Put your money up. Oh, Okay. Put your money up. I got a high 60 Opsm Opsm. No Ectoplasm. It's ECT Echo. Right? See what I mean? See? There we go. See we did it. There we go. There we make up your mind. Yeah, it's ecto. Ecto. Okay, here it is. Ocho ectoplasm.


Your word. Ectoplasm. Can you use it in a sentence please? Ash put the Ash's putting it up on the board. On the board. Yep. You got a graphic for that. You just has fellow Cinco graphic. Oh. Oh, I got, I got my phone in the way. Where's that? We just had it. Ectoplasm is a substance that is believed to produce spirit. Materialization and telekinesis. How? You don't know? You don't even know. Okay. Listen. Ecto, you Think that man in Scripps Howard? He knows all those words.


He has a thing right there that can tell him, Okay, $20 better. I get this right. Go ahead, put your money up. Nope. Ecto. Ecto. I know. Ecto. It has to be ECTO. Yep. Plasma tv. So I might be wrong, but whatever. PLAs. Ectoplasm. P-L-A-S-M, Ectoplasm. That is correct. You see how I did that? Plasma tv. Ecto? Yeah. I see how you looked in the chat, Huh? Oh, so here you go. Oh. Oh yeah. See, you don't like that. Do You hear you? You go how? I'm looking in the chat and I'm looking right at my camera.


Okay, the next word is gruesome. Gruesome, gruesome, Gruesome. Aiden Hutchinson suffered a gruesome injury. Gruesome. Gruesome. GRUE. You know what? I'm confused. GRUE. Is it SUME or SOME. Gru Sum. Well, sum is, yeah, I'm gonna go sm. SOME Gru. G-R-U-E-S-O-S-O-M-E. That is correct. Okay. Put your money up. Y'all don't wanna bet on chat. Put your money up. The Next, y'all wanna do the next, the next word is ritualistic.


Ritualistic. Ah. That sound that's easy for me. That's easy for me. You know why it's easy for me? Why it is ritualistic? Because I went to Harvard. I didn't go to Harvard for nothing. I went to Harvard because I was a scholar. And at Champ when it came to spelling ritualistic. R-I-T-U-A-L-I-R-I-T. Hold on, let me spell it out. Hold on, hold on. On this, this, this, this. How you, You know, you can't write, you can't use a pen? No. I, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna spell it. Oh, I Can't, no. Okay. Alright. Ritual.


R-I-T-U-A-L-I-S-T-I-C. Ritualistic, I I got it. Right, right. Yep. I know I did. Because that's what I do. What you talk about. Your next stop playing with, boy, your next word. What I is mausoleum. Wait, that the shitty, huh? Stop playing with me. What you talk about, man, take that. Take that. Take that mausoleum. Who One of the eight wonders of the world was the Liam of Hale. Canas. Mausoleum. Maza. Maza. Maza. Maza. Liam Maza.


Now, I could be wrong, but based on the pronunciation of what you just said, Maza, it has to be MAZA. Now, Liam is the part where I probably have a little problems. But when I think about Liam, I think about Liam Nielsen. Okay. You know, from the movie Taken Maza, Liam. I know that made no sense. That made no goddamn sense. Za Maza. Liam here. I'm, I'm gonna just guess it real quick. It may. Z Liam. Liam. Liam. Liam. LE. Either, either or am one or the other. I could be wrong either way. Which Is it?


Liam? Fuck. Which one? Which one? Huh? That would be cheating if I helped. And I'm not a cheater. Mazda Maza. Liam. Liam. Liam. Ham. Liam Nelson. Well, I'm gonna just, I'm gonna copy his name. M-A-Z-A-L I-M-A-Z-A-L-I-A-M-M-A-U-S-O-L-E-U-M. I was completely wrong. You Were, I was completely wrong. And you just led me, you led Me astray. I did not. I told you it was the mausoleum of Hale.


Kanas is one of the great right. Esman. What I, what? I went what? I win. No Necro man. What? It's either Necro. Necro Necro is pronounced Necro master. No, I don't, I don't, I ain't Uhuh. N-E-C-R-O-M-A-N-C-E-R. That's not fair. You just gave me a word that you had trouble pronouncing. Therefore, I wouldn't have gotten it right, because you didn't know how to pronounce it the right way. No, I, no, I knew I, that's why I said Necro because it's dead. Like necrophilia is the having relations with a dead body.


So Necro so necro master, huh? I ain't never heard of That. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. There are serial killers that they, they perform. It's called necrophilia. Oh yeah. I'm good. I'm good. I don't, I don't like, I don't like the thought of that. Next, it, the, the practice of communicating with the dead to gain knowledge or influence in the future. What we got next. What we got next? Yeah. These are Halloween assets. Halloween themes. Oh, Tellis, tellis, Talisman. And let me, here's the, here's the definition. It's an object typically and inscribed ring or stone that is thought to have magic powers and to bring good luck.


Tasman. I was supposed to spell that. Yeah. Why you ain't tell me. Okay. Yeah, go ahead. You just spelled it already. No, I said it's an object. Typically an inscribed ring or stone that is thought to have magic powers and to bring Good luck. I gave you the definition. Say, pronounce it again. Pronounce it real quick. Watch this. Tasman. Tasman. T-A-L-I-S-M-A-N. TAs. Tasman. Yes. Yeah, yeah.


Whatever. That was easy. I thought you gonna gimme something hard? Yeah, whatever. I went, I was four for five, right? You Went four for five. That's what I do. That's what I do. Huh? That's that Harvard education. Here We go. Now it's time for Dunk. On Unc. Halloween edition. Halloween edition. I hope y'all bet on me, Chad. Oh, oh. This is the good one. Hey Chad. Y'all gonna like this? Chad, I'm telling y'all gonna like this. Dunk On Unc Hollywood edition. Halloween. Halloween. I mean, my bad. I said what? I say Hollywood. Yeah, I'm tripping. Okay, here we go. Y'all ready? Yes.


What famous horror movie Slasher is known for wearing a hockey mask? Oh, What famous movie? Horse movie Slasher is known for wearing a hockey mask Friday the 13th. And his name is Jason. Jason Boor, to be exact. Okay, there we go. There we go. Okay, go that Ww email com. Okay. Listen, that that was pretty, Hey, my three, my 3-year-old knew that one. Don't worry about it. What famous comedian start alongside Angela Bassett in the Black Vampire film titled A Vampire in Brooklyn, Eddie Murphy.


Ding, ding, ding, ding ding. You are correct. Come on down. Here we go. Third question. Third question. Which 1992 horror film starring Tony Todd as a vengeful spirit with a hook for a hand? Oh, 1992. Yeah. Yeah. I, I give you a hint What His ops was. Peter Pan, I don't trust you. You gimme, I don't trust you. Ocho 1992.


Listen, listen to Listen to the key words I said, which 19 92 4 film starring Tony Todd has a vengeful spirit with the hook forehand. I dunno. Let's see. Gimme something I just did. I dunno. Candyman, I don't know what. Okay, you got it right? It well, it actually is Candyman. You Lying? Yeah. I don't remember Candyman having a hook for a hand though. Okay. Gimme something Ocho gimme something You gotta go back to like when Halloween was first started, or, or what, why, why are the colors are orange and black?


I need something like that. Okay. All right. All right. All right. Don't get, don't get beside yourself now because you don't get it wrong. Which iconic music video directed by John Landis is set in a spooky harness setting and features some of the most famous zombie dance moves. Yeah. They call it, they call the thriller. Yeah. Okay. Okay. You, you, you on a roll right now. You the roll Right now? I can't lose. I'm four for four. Kind of got that candy man went wrong. But I'm gonna let you slide.


What? 1984 Halloween song by Ray Parker, Jr. Became a theme song for one of the most popular Who you gonna call? Supernatural. There's something strange in the neighborhood who Call Ghostbusters. Ain't no ghost. Ghost. Let's go, Let's go. Did I tell y'all I was plugged in tonight? I told y'all I was logged on. Listen, it ain't, it ain't hard to be logged on or plugged in when it comes to Halloween questions because there's only so much you can ask.


Here We go. I thought you gonna ask me, you know, when did Halloween start in America? Something like that. Something I was gonna have to really like, dig. What year did Halloween start in America To the best of my, to the best of the recollection of scholars? They said it happened sometime around the 1840s. Don't tell me around 1840s. I need the exact Date. I'm just saying that's what scholars say. They didn't give a definite date. They didn't say 41, 42, 44. They said around the 1840s. So I just, Yeah, that, that don't even sound about right. 'cause I don't think the scholar Anyway, Googling. See when the Halloween, Here you go. Last, last question. Okay. The urban legend of Bloody Mary has many variations, but which ver but which city's version of this legend includes her as a ghost of a Creole woman, often tied to mysterious history of the voodoo and the religion.


Hold up. That's six. All done. Got five. See? You want me to miss one? That ain't six. That is 1, 2, 3, 4. Oh, that is five. Five, five. I'm gonna let you, you got lucky. You got lucky you, you went five and five on kindergarten questions. I ain't the biggest, I ain't the biggest Halloween guy, man. I mean, listen, I'm not, well, I'm, I'm a huge spelling guy, man. I'm a grammar enthusiast, so I'm not, I take pride in spelling. That was, that was a good one, huh?


Well, Halloween. Oh yeah. Halloween. No, Jack of Lanter. They said America Halloween Customs to North America came in the 19th century. 19th century. So they people didn't dress up at first, huh?


Oh, oh, well. All right. Don't your Now it's time for q and a. Q and a Y said, what's the worst trouble you got in on Halloween? I mean, I mean, living in the country, you didn't go trick or treating. We didn't go trick or treating. So I ain't never get no trouble for Halloween. And we know not to ask. I mean, we know not to ask. 'cause Granny and papa was gonna say, no, you ain't going. So why? Like when I, when you already know the answer, why ask? Right. Barney Mary was gonna play that.


And then, you know, they had that thing. Somebody might be putting razor blades or be like, that was it. They weren't letting it go anyway. But once they, he negro, Negro said Giannis to the Warriors. What do y'all think? Well, damn, the season just started. We already talked about trades already. They got the brakes bit off 'em again tonight. They lost again. Yes. Was it bad? Yes. They got beat by like 25 by the Grizzlies. I think 25 ain't got no defense that day, huh?


Well, they should have never got rid of holiday. But in order to get Dame, they had to give up holiday. Okay. And then in Portland did a messala and shipped them to Boston with jb JT and Derek White and Big Al. And they got Pingus. So they basically a super team. Yeah, They should have did everything they could to get to keep holiday, but that was the only way they could get Dame. They needed another score they wanted. Look, they're doing everything they possibly can to appease Gianni other than give him the Harley Davidson thing in, in, in Milwaukee. 'cause that's where the Harley Davison headquarters are in Milwaukee, the plant, right?


But yeah, they're in trouble. Wimar said, what's up Uncle Ocho? I'm founder of CEO of Ruber social media application. We launched in July and we're taking off. Can we get a shout out? We have all the same features as legacy media. Legacy media. Love you guys. Guys, go and go. Lions. So what, what is it? Is it like Twitter? Is it like ig? Anybody ever heard what Rubr is? You ever heard of it? ocho? No sir. No sir. Not familiar with it, but I'm sure once we look it up, we will be Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project.


2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid, for by Harris. for President. Leotta. Rose said, Hey, Nightcap. Unc no Cho, thanks for the advice. Last time, I want to know when it was the last time you guys had to push yourself past your limit preserve.


What motivated you to keep going? Every day I trained, I pushed myself past the limits. Yeah. Because only a person willing to go too far can possibly know how far he can go. Woo. If you don't question yourself when you're training, you're not training, right? If you don't ask yourself, man, when is this gonna be over? How much longer? What am I doing this for? What am I going, what, what are we doing? Because I need to know Ocho in the third, fourth quarter, overtime if necessary, I can call on my body and it will answer because I've already pushed it past anything that I've done in this game.


So that's normal. Every day here, I get very limited sleep. My and Shannon, you pushing yourself, you pushing yourself. Yes. I know. That's what greatness requires you to do, is to push yourself beyond what you believe you think you can do. Right? I'm a very self-motivated person, so I didn't need extra motivation. I didn't need coaches to get me going. I'm a very, very driven person. And I see, once I saw what we could become and what could this become, ain't no turn. So that's me all the time.


But it was, it's a lot easier to push yourself for me too. Exhaustion, right? I mean, Ocho, I would, I would get my heart rate up to 180 beats a minute and keep it there for an hour, hour and a half. I needed to know, I got to know. If I call on my body, get a answer, Be there for me. Yeah. Yeah. Man, ain't nothing worse than being able to, to try to pull out a reserve. Hey There. I knew a February return must be played on a daily basis. That's the only way. How do you expect to get money outta your, the investment when you didn't put it in?


Mm, I tapped it every day. There was never a doubt in my mind that I could call on this body because I can call on it right now. I said, little Jordan, you know, I said, Jordan, a little, little something, you know, little workout. Be just a little something to let him know, Hey, hey Jordan, hey, this ain't for you, but it's for you. You know what I'm saying? You know, he like, damn, you know, I, I feeling kind little something, you know, got a little 15 piece on him, you know? But keep pushing through. Rambling on. Zach Jones said Megatron versus Ocho.


Who's better? Be honest. Ocho put Megatron. Who you got? Shit. Megatron. Megatron. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday. Twice on Sunday. Ramad said my uncle went to Savannah State with you. Ken, did you spell his name right? I knew a guy named, I knew a guy named Ken. He was the, what they call the guy that's over the dorm.


Like A-A-A-A-A ra. Yeah. He was a ra. Yeah. And I don't know if, but he, and he was a, he was, I say what? We called him, but I can't. He married? Yeah. Leo Fanno. What up? Shout Ocho. Y'all keep doing your thing, man. It's your boy birthday. Love you, bro. Haven't met you and Ocho, but I look forward to it sometime soon. Leo. Happy birthday, bro. It's not the, not not Leo. I went to school with ocho, but happy birthday bro.


We appreciate the support. We always appreciate the appreciate the support that our fans give us, man. Everybody, man, every time I go somewhere, man, I just watch you at OCHO last night, man. It's, it's a great feeling to have the support and to realize that we have way more support than we have haters. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Way more. Way more. And we're growing. Happy Birthday. Happy birthday. Why Happy birthday. Let me know if you need a $60 And, and nine ya. Corey. What's up? Uncle Ocho, my brother and I having a debate if Odell Beckham Jr. The Hall of Famer based on his co No guys, Odell iss not going to the Hall of Fame.


He was off to it. He had a hall of Fame start to his career. He was having a hall of Fame start to his career. Rookie of the year. He was going to the Pro Bowl. What made the Pro Bowl? He was like a second team, like two or three times second team. Nice. He was having nice, he had a hall of Fame start to his career. Yeah, but injuries, Cleveland, Los Angeles, the Ravens, not Miami. No, no. Like I said, he had a great start to his career. Those first three years of his career. ocho Yes sir. Was some of the best football we had seen.


Routine, spectacular highlight catches. Tremendous run after the catch. But Alan Fletcher said UNC and Ocho who win oh 1 0 1 ride receiver Travis Hunter or DB Travis Hunter. Who? You got one-on-one Ocho. Oh, that's a good one. I think the receiver. Receiver. I'm taking the db. Nah, Lauren Sterling said RIP. My best friend Hershey Sterling.


This is dog. Yeah, bro. I know what you're going through. You don't have to tell me. I absolutely know what you're going through. That hurt. You feel like you lost a family member. Because think about it. You've had this, I don't know how long you had yours, but a lot of my, my pets, I've had, you know, range. The youngest stuff that I've ever had to put down was three years and, and baby was the longest. He lived to be 14. And I know I'm never gonna have another dog like baby. I mean five pounds. I mean, when I got him him, I got him and his brother Tarzan. It was Taz and Tarzan. I could put him in my hoodie pocket Ocho and they would both go in my pocket and they would stick their heads out and I'd be walking to Target, I'd be walking to grocery stores and people like, oh my, are they real?


I'm like, yeah, they're real. I'm like, You think I'd be walking around with stuff? Animals in my pocket. A big grown man. Yeah. I, and they're absolutely real. So, Lord man, sorry for your loss hanging in there. Remember the great times? Don't remember. Hopefully he didn't have to suffer. It didn't have to suffer. But just remember the great times that you guys have together. That's kind of what got me through Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, UNC, of all the shoes in your collection, which pair has the best history behind it? Maybe a wild night, a memorable game, or just a crazy story. Damn, I thought I had some My shoes.


My didn't I Have some? Yeah. Oh, Joyce, you still can't reach At each bed. I operate. Hold on. What's them? Lemme see. These are the cleats that I went over 10,000 yards in.


Okay. Hey, Damn. Yeah, sign them for me. Send them to me. As you can see, osha, can you see that? It says what? Big play What? What's that? Bottom? Well, I can't see that big play. She, Yeah. So even before the big play Slay, that was a, a a, right, Right, right, right, right. But you see the name these shoes I wore in 2004.


So somebody just didn't give me the name Shea last year or a year ago. Dumb dumbs. Because you know, y'all quick to say who caught my teammates gave me this name. But see, back then, Ocho, you could only have two colors. So I had to cover the back of the shoe because the back of the shoe was orange. So I had to take this up. So this is, and I had to cover, you couldn't have no lame, no logo on it. So the NFL made me cover it up. So this is how I wore the shoe. And the shoe was patent leather. You know, black, when I played you had to be somebody to get a patent leather shoe. Everybody just couldn't walk out with their, my custom cleats and all that stuff. Hell no.


Yep. So this is probably, but as far as sneaker, probably my, I got a pair. Good luck putting those back up there, Jordan. Yeah. You Hey, hey. Nah, don't, don't put 'em back up there. Hey, send me them sign. Sign that for me man. Send 'em to me with my, I got these from Step Them Under Armours. Yep. I got a pair of, probably Kobe signed a pair of shoes that he played. They played, they played Denver. I'm trying, I don't remember. I can't even, maybe it was oh three and he had a black and purple aches.


Okay. And he signed them for me and gave them to me. That's the only pair of shoes that I would never part with. Right. I would never part with. And you know. Yeah. Obviously. Well good sign. Sign them cleats for me and send 'em to me. Them with, with my awards and my Funko. Yeah, I can hang them Up. I got a couple pair. I mean, I gave a couple pair of my, my tight end. See these are the kind of bottoms I played in ocho. Lemme see. Oh, that's some studs. I don't like them studs. No, But these, these tempo bottoms, they ain't studs. Oh yeah. I played in the same bottom.


Huh? You talking about studs? No studs. I got grass and everything in 'em and everything. Yeah. Yeah. I had to take my glasses off. But that's about it, doc. I mean, yeah, Jordan. Good luck putting those shoes back up there Guys. That concludes our episode of Nightcap. The New York Jets get on the winning track. They go to three and six. The Texans fall to six and three. The Jets win 2113. Aaron Rogers talks to three touchdown passes. A perfect time throw to Devonte Adams.


Two spectacular catches by Garrett Wilson as they win 2113 to go to three and six. And at least now considering what happened to the Yankees people maybe from people in New York and feel good about themselves. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite. 85. He's from Liberty City. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But he goes by the name ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts and matters. And we thank you guys for counting and mattering to us.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, we can ship it directly to your door and you can have it before the holidays. You have Ho Thanksgiving, you have Christmas and you have New Year's. So you got three big holidays coming up and I can assure you we can have it there before all of them. And check out my new my Clothing company. 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release dropped over the weekend. We dropped. I was held when I was well Shirts. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Shirts. We have hoodies, black Nightcap hoodies, and by popping demand. Stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our bestsellers. The UNC and OCHO ts quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. And to show you guys our appreciation, we're giving you an additional 15% off when you use code Halloween 15. The link is pinned in the chat again to show you guys our appreciation. We're giving you an additional 15% off when you use code Halloween 15. The link is pinned in the chat. We're upping our giveaway. 10 random people who make merch perks between night or what if it's still in play. Okay, because we're on the West Coast. So you got about another 70 minutes if you make a purchase, but okay. Okay. You have until Ashley, you have until morning and use Code Halloween 15. You'll get a signed. You'll be eligible to bid on a lottery to wear the signed Nightcap hat. Signed by me. We've given out one so we have nine more.


Thank you guys. Again, the Jets beat. The Texans 2113. Aaron Rogers Tosses three touchdown passes as they run their record to three and six. The Houston T fall to six and three. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm Unc Heath Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow on the What's Not app for the live auction of 300 pairs of shoes from our personal collection. Okay. And we're cold streaming it on our YouTube First The Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.