
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy. You know that feeling when you walk into your home.


Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox cent's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store. You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery.


Learn how Vyvgart ti trau efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X. The Volume, The 82 game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sportsbook and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals drafting Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more.


Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope wire, text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.


See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. Ocho the NFL released its top 100 players for 2024 voted on by the players for the first time since the inception of this award. Yes, sir. A receiver was voted number one. Yes. Tyreek Hill was number one. I told you Mark Jackson was number two. Christian McCaffrey was number three. Patrick Mahome boy was number four.


Yeah, I, I have great, if I'm not, I have a great understanding. The voting was done in November. Right? The voting was done in November By the players, right? Yes. Okay. So that's why this makes sense. It makes sense to me. But I'm, I'm gonna tell you why. If, if, if people are confused why Pat Mahomes is not number one, okay, go ahead. I'm gonna let you finish. No, the, well, look, they, they voted because at that point in time, Tyreek was on pace to go over 2000. Oh yeah. Doing something historic. Oh, yeah. And Patrick Mahome was struggling. We, we saw him get it together in the playoffs and in the Super Bowl. Right. By ma by by his standard. Now, once you become great ocho Yeah, all they do is compare you to your own greatness.


Yes, sir. They don't compare him to Josh Allen or Burrow or Lamar or any other quarterback. Mahomes is judged by his own great standard and by his standard, he wasn't playing well, you know what? And I get why people say, well, well Mahomes fourth, they're crazy. No, you gotta base it on when they voted. Yeah. But I, I don't even think, I don't think players even think like that though. Huh? I'm just saying, you got to even, even, I'm just, I'm just saying, I'm thinking about the, the dynamic most exciting, entertaining player that make you hold, you, make you hold your breath when the snap, when the ball snaps. Mahomes brilliant at Woody does the best ever. Arguably one of the best ever. But Tyreek is different.


There's a certain, there's a certain energy. I'm I'm telling you. Huh? I'm telling even if ma even Mahome is playing bad, you think the player saying, well, you know what ma he's is playing good right now. We ain't gonna put him number one. Nah, they, they ain't the, they dudes ain't thinking like that. Think about it. The players that's voted number one by the NFL players, Mahomes let that guy go and won two Super Bowl, two Super Bowl MVPs and an MVP. Now you tell me, You see what you just said. You, you see, you see what is able to win. You see what, what he was able to win without them. That's because of his individual greatness as a quarterback. But You, you make my point. Bingo. But I'm telling you about the excitement of that one individual player that they voted number one, something that we've never seen before.


Something very exciting. Yes. But Exci, he's so exciting. Right? That Mahome, they let him go and That's a business. That's business because he's that Good Ocho. But think about what I'm saying. Yeah, I got you. I got you. He let him go and Mahome is still the great, let that sink in. Yeah. What Up? You think Joe Burrow would be the same player if Chase left? You think if, if CD left the Cowboys, he'd be able to say if Justin Jefferson, you took the number one player off that team and Ma Homeboy won two Super Bowls, two League, two Super Bowl MVPs and a League MVP with a 5,000 yard season. Yeah. Yeah. Mahomes was not playing well, there was no way around it.


We watched him on opening night, we watched him and he was an ocho. Go look at that record. Yeah, I know, I know. He wasn't playing well, because I was talking about it. You gotta remember, remember I was, remember I was on inside the NFL last year every, well, obviously I'm on there this year too. I was on there talking about it week in and week out. The issues with the receivers, the dropping of the balls, should they go out and get a veteran at that time? But I'm just saying, I'm thinking about today's generation, today's era of players, the mentality and the way they think when they're voting on players. They're voting from a different lens than we do. Or, or we would, they not thinking about, but damn Mahome ain't playing good right now. You got, they got Lamar, they, they got, they got Lamar Jackson, they got Lamar Jackson second.


Why do they have Lamar Jackson second? You know why? Because he's dynamic. He's exciting, he's entertaining to this generation of players. Not the fact that Mahomes wasn't playing well. You have to think like today, generation of players to understand why they had Tyreek number one. I'm Factoring all that in. I'm factored in dynamic. I'm factoring in play making. I'm factoring in exciting. Yes, sir. Tell me a player that's more exciting, more dynamic. Right. And does more than Patrick Mahomes. See, it's, it's in a different way. Mahomes always has the ball in his hands. Mahomes always Ball the ball in his hands, Josh, Which is, which is why Lamar number two, which is why Lamar number Two, but Lamar, Lamar Lamar's the mvp, remember? Oh yeah, You're right, you're right. Two time.


Two time. Now they, Yeah, but I'm saying in this season, right? He would, Yeah, Last year, yes. MVP was Patrick Mahomes. Right. And what did Patrick Mahomes do? He got off to that amazing start. Yeah. Who was the number one player voted last year? Patrick Mahomes Holmes. Yeah. Yeah. So when you get up to that, Tyree got off tour in the start, you remember O Joe Tyree got up to that start, he started with that, that monster game against the, the Broncos. Broncos 70 on them. Yeah. He had like in the first what, he had like a damn near five yards in eight games. We, We, we, we, yeah. Eight, I think week nine, he might have been at a thousand already. Something like that. So when you look at it from that standpoint, Ocho and his totality, we've never seen somebody get to a thousand yards receiving that week like this.


And so you at that point in time, you thinking, how we going to look this man go over 2000? And granted, I'm not saying Tyreek doesn't, doesn't deserve it or earned it, but I'm just looking at it from the, when they voted. Right. So lemme ask you a question. Yes sir. If you take this vote after the Super Bowl, who you think the, who you think number one player is? Oh, we take it after the Super Bowl. So are, are you, are you saying that the Chiefs are gonna be in the Super Bowl? Is that what you're saying? No, I'm saying if you were to took this vote, the 2024, if you'd taken it after the Super Bowl. Oh, ly after. Yeah. Oh. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm assuming they, I i knowing them pro probably Mahomes No problem. Matter Of fact, hold on, hold on. You know what, What?


No, I'm, I'm not, I I was, I, nah, I ain't fixing to call. I was, I I just, they, they, they think different though. I understand where you're going from. I, I like, I like what you're saying, but I'm, I'm, I'm thinking how they think. You, you feel me? Yeah. Yeah. And it, it, it give you a better understanding on why Tyreek is one and then Mahome. So why would, why wouldn't it? I mean why? Damn, I'm talking too. Damn. I talk so damn fast. Slow down. Oh yeah, Joe, God damn down. We got plenty Down. Okay. Let, let me, let me lemme pause for a little bit because I'm talking too damn fast. This generation, the generation players, young folks. I mean it's, I I, I kind of a better understanding on, on why now I understand where you're coming from with it as far as my home playing bad at the beginning of the season.


But I don't think the players took that into account when it came to the voting because of how dynamic Tyreek Hill is. Anytime we talk about receivers, And, we talk about top five. I always take Tyreek and I put him in the class of his own because he's special in what he's doing because it is really not fair to, to compare him to anybody else. Because what he does is just that great. You know what, I'm gonna put you side and mama mention everybody else one through five. But I, I, I get, I get what you're saying. I think that's a conversation like that can, that can go on and on. I don't think there's any right or wrong answer. And it, at, at that point it becomes preference. But since so many players voted, depending on how many acts he voted, you know how those voting things go when, when, when, when it comes to saying the players did it.


But No, they, that's, that's, that's their vote I'm thinking about. 'cause that's what I ocho when I voted for the Pro Bowl, I didn't vote on, oh, he went to the Pro Bowl last year. I voted on the guy that had the best season when we started voting. Right, right, right, right, right. So what you did what, and I'm sorry, sometimes the guy might have seven sacks and then he end up the season with more sacks than the guy that I voted for. Right. But I'm just saying at the time that I voted, the guy that I voted for, I believe was having a better season. Hmm. Now two things can be true. I believe Lamar Jackson had a better season than Patrick Mahomes. I don't believe Lamar is a better quarterback than Patrick Mahomes. You see how two things are true? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hey com. And so that's, that's the point.


See, people try to, they try to like, well, he's a, because he had a better season, he's a better quarterback. No, you can have a better season and not be a better player. We'll evaluate this on a, on a, on a saying, okay, Lamar season was better than Mahome. Right. And it was, I mean, we're not fitting, let's, let's not sugarcoat it. Let's not get frayed by Patrick Mahomes did what he needed to do, got his team to the Super Bowl and won. But in a, in a, in the regular season, Lamar played better. Right? He did. And it's, it's okay to say that sometimes people don't wanna say that No, Lamar played better than Patrick. But when you, when, when, when the two met for all the marbles and for the opportunity to go to Las Vegas.


Well, we saw what happen. That's, that's a good question. Matter of fact, you know what? Hold on, hold on, hold on. I just, I just, I just, I just wanna see something. I wanna see something. I'm just, I'm, I'm gonna call, I'm gonna call T I'm, I'm, I just wanna see what time of this seven o'clock Ain't no meeting. Ain't no meeting this time of, right? Yeah. Most teams have have meetings up until nine o'clock. What? Yeah. Well, I don't know how y'all, I don't know how y'all did it, but we had meetings up until nine o'clock. You know what he Yeah. Because We had special teams. Special teams went from seven to seven 30. And, we went from like seven 30 to Nine. Well, that's right. I'm tripping. I'm thinking, I'm thinking about regular season. We already be outta there. Okay. Okay. You right, you right, you right, you right, you right.


All right, man. That's a good one though. Yeah. But congratulations to all the guys. Tyreek got the trophy number one. Lamar was second. Krista, McCaffery was third. Patrick Mahomes was fourth. Congratulations to all the guys that won. That was in the top 100. Job well deserved. Now obviously, everybody wants to be number one. You know what you need to do? You need to have team success. And you need to have individual success. Yeah. Tyreek Hill and the Dolphins reached an agreement on a restructured contract worth 90 million over the next three years. That includes 65 million in guarantee. That brings the four years fully guaranteed money to one six, almost 107 million the most ever for any receiver.


Isn't it the most ever for any player that didn't get years added. 'cause let the sink in, don't you? Yeah. No years added. No, no sir. Take it, take it off the take it off the back end. Yeah. Put it on the front end. Give it to you in a signing bonus. He goes a big chunk so it don't hurt the cap. There's always a way to manipulate the numbers. That's why I don't understand. But they waiting on with Chase. That's why don't understand what they waiting on with CD Lamb. That's why I don't understand the price Ain't coming Down. What are they waiting on with, with Dak? The price ain't coming down There. There's a wait. Huh? The price ain't coming down though, Joe. It never, it never is. I'm not sure what they're doing. I think for some reason, every time they like to make folk wait on their money, they like to keep, keep 'em on, keep 'em on whole tooth and nail like in bold.


Hold on. They, they, they want, they want you to hold on. The funny thing is about it, they gonna get it. It doesn't take that long for the accountants, for the people who crunch the numbers, who do all the things to make sure the cap is right. You know, and, and, and making, making sure all ducks are in a row. From a a financial standpoint, it's easy. You've been doing it for years. You've been doing it for years. CD Lamb is missing. Too much valuable time. Too much valuable time. I ain't getting hurt Too much valuable time. I Ain't been hurt myself and, and, and, and y'all. No, I saw, I saw what y'all did to DeMarco Murray. Y'all ran him in the ground and didn't didn't wanna pay him. Yeah. Nah, I'm not doing it. Yeah, I'm not doing it.


I'm go out there and hurt myself. Huh. Look what they did with Ze. Ze had, Zeke was in Cabo chilling for training, for chilling because they wanted to wait. What are you waiting for? Right. Get your players in camp. So the chemistry between cd, lamb and Dak is picking up and picking up. We left off, especially with the way the season ended last year. You should want everybody in camp anyway. Absolutely. What a smile shell. The man came out during the off season. So about we all in, we ain't seen one sign of being all in yet. The Dolphins have locked up their teens future for the foreseeable future. Future Tyreek is under contract till 2026.


Tua is under contract to 2028. Jalen Waddle is under contract to 2028. The Do Dolphins finished in the NFL top 100 with eight players making the list. The second most of any team, Terran Armstead was 67. Jordan Poer was 65. Jalen Waddle, 63. Bradley Chubb 62. Raheem Moer 60, Tua 36. Jalen Ramsey 25. And Tyreek Hill won. That's too much talent to get knocked out in the first round. Ocho first Round. Yeah. I'm, which when you Right. Listen, I'm, which when you Right. That's too much talent that with that kind of talent. Yeah. That says you should be 13 and four.


Yeah. I'm, which when you Right. 14 and three. I'm with you. I'm with you when you Right. Listen. As, as my hometown, as my hometown team, despite me being a bangal at heart, we have to play better one against opposing teams with a winning record above 500. I'm not gonna get into the details of some of those losses. Some of 'em were close, some of 'em were three points. Some of 'em were seven. Things happen in the postseason cold weather games. We gotta play weather. That's the, That's always been your problem. Oh, it matter of fact. And it's not just this dolphin team just in journal with the Dolphins in journal, when it comes to playing in the Cold weather act, whether it's Buffalo, whether it's Kansas City, or whether it's New England, we just never play.


Well, I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is about the cold weather that just affects, I, I don't know. I don't know. And I, I lo I love the cold. I love it. Any, anything 30 degrees and below, I'm all for it. Yeah. Because you practiced in it. Think about how do you acclimate Ocho you practicing in 70 degree and it's about to be 20 below it was four. You can't, Hey, you can't that ocho Nah, you can't. You can't. And now, now, when there's a 67 degree temp difference from what you're accustomed to Right. All night and denies Hulu, There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv.


Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous With a trip to Lucky Land, you know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free, for your chance to redeem some serious prizes.


Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Want to teach your kids financial literacy, but not sure where to start. Green Light can help with green light. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs. And the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Terry McClure will not be at the Olympics anytime soon. Ocho, check out this black flip black act flipper tip at media date. Come on, Terry. Come on. Scary Terry. Oh, that's, he got too much rotation. Yeah. Hey, hey. He must ain't hit a back fifth in a minute, boy. Do you know how much rotation you gotta get ocho? Oh, yeah. Almost stu the, the stumble back like that. Do you see? I mean, he's standing flatfooted and look at this rotation. Look at, look at this tuck. Look at this. Ooh. Ooh.


That's a Terry McClure probably high wears. How much, how much you think he weigh? 180 5? One 90? Yeah, About one 90. He got a little size on him. Not too big. Now he ain't too big. He Might be 1 99 5. 1 91 90. Yeah. That, that was nice though. Good technique. Google Said he, he's 2 0 9. God damn It. Give him 200. Give him 200. That's a 200 pound man standing flat footed doing a back flip. Boom. That ain't, ain't, that's, that's, that's power. Right? He's Explosive. That's Explosion. You remember JPP when JPP did like 20 back flips in a row at like 2 65, 2 7. Oh yeah. That's right. That's right. I forgot about that. I forgot about that. Hey, who was that, that Hank got out the pool? Did that squat out the pool? Oh, tri Tristan.


W Well, he, the jumped jumped. That was him. Yeah, that was him. He just got paid two. Let's tackle For the Bucks, Right? Yes. Yes. Well, you know how much explosion that is? The water gravity and you? 300 plus pounds. Man, stop. Now You see why I say mostly athletic? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Oh, Joe, what was media day like for you? Fun, entertaining? Yeah. You know, I, I kept it, I kept it loose. Never knew what I was gonna say. Never knew what I was gonna say. But I, I, I made, I made, I made sure to make everybody laugh, man. That, that, that's how, that's how it was always.


Media. Media Day was cool. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it. How about, how about how Media Day for you? It was cool. Yeah, man, you know, Hey, they, you know me. I'm gonna talk. You know, I'm gonna have it. I'm gonna have it fun. I'm gonna have it loose for the guys. It is what it is. Yeah. They knew, they knew what they was gonna get when they came and interviewed me. Yeah. Oh yeah. So Class, I'm gonna give you what I, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna give you what you came for. Yeah. I'm gonna disappoint you every, Every time. Every time I Cornerback. Go ahead. Don't Remember Keshawn came and interviewed me. One, We lost OCHO for a little bit.


Can you hear me now? Yeah. You mo your mic Ocho? Yeah. My foot, my foot Hit my foot. Hit my mic, man. I said, remember Keshawn came and interviewed me one time? Yeah. He thought it was finna be sweet. Thought that thought That was one of, one of, one of the best interviews, man ever. He came down to the stadium. I think he might have been working maybe for ESPN at that time, I think. Yeah. But that, that was one of the best interviews. I think I Came to interview you. I went to your house. You remember that? You Did? I did. Which House? In Cincinnati? Yeah. Your condo. But what, who I had over there? I had anybody over there? Nobody. Nope. Nobody. You ain't have nothing to refrigerator either. Oh, you know, I, I go, I, you know, I go to McDonald's Waffle House. When, when I'm in season.


I don't, I don't have no food now. I don't do that. No, you didn't have, Hey, what we, what we talking about? Man? Man, I was 20 years ago. Well, how you don't remember? Hey, They have to, they have to pull it up. They have to pull it up. You came to interview your boy? I did. Yeah. I must have been bawling, huh? Yeah. Yeah. That's me. That's me. That's me. Oh, good. Now Eagle's cornerback. Isaiah Rogers is still a bit of a newcomer to Philly, but he clearly understands the city hatred for the Cowboys. He co some new cleats that feature a Dallas dis, a Dallas dis on them. Rogers who signed with Philly in August of 23, scored defeat heat from a Go-to Guy Rodney Jackson recently.


Check 'em out. The Knights have Spider-Man theme on them featuring Peter Parker's web eyes and logo. But take a look at the bottom of the spikes on the message. Message and shout at the boys Dallas sucks. Oh. Oh. All you gotta do is back it up now, boy. Oh yeah, for Sure. All you gotta do is back it up. If you talk it, you gotta walk it. That's my favorite thing to do is talk it. Oh, A Neil Illinois man may have been having some regret today. Who After getting busted for making terroristic threats, Patrick Mahome and Travis Kelsey during a Morgan Wayland, a Morgan Wayland concert.


Wallen Morgan Wallen. Clearly, I don't know anything about country music. Aaron Brown was arrested over social, over social media post that went up shortly before the concert. And the police nabbed him inside the stadium. Brown has been charged with making terroristic threats. His bail is set at 15,000. What you think Ocho You gotta be careful, man. Especially depending on who you talk about. I know people think it's just social media. Nobody's watching depending on who the, who the threat is directed at. Oh, they coming to get you for sure. Oh, they come, they coming to get you. Now we talk about two prominent figures that are more than just football players now. They're more than just football players. No matter how we, no matter how we view it from the outside looking in, but you talking shit to Kelsey and Mahomes talking about what you gonna do.


Come on now. That's like, that's like talking, that's like talking trash Trump or goddamn Biden or Miss Ms. Harris. Oh, they coming to get you now. They coming to see You. Oh yeah, they did. Oh. You better not arrested them. Wait, they, they coming to see you and now you might not even be serious about it. You might just be throwing it out there, you know, as, as something just to say. Oh, okay. All right. Well, it used to be the same way in the airport. I got a bomb in my bag. Okay. About you got a bomb in your bag at the airport if you want you. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Keep on playing now. Think it's a joke. Think is, if you joke, if you want to, you'll be behind them ball and they won't let you out. Oh. Yo. Do you know railroad? IGI with T right now? Yeah, they on now. Yeah, they on IG Live.


Yeah, downstairs. I can, I can hear them. Oh, they need to be on Nightcap. Hey wait, they, they coming up here right now? I can hear 'em. Former NFL Coach John Gruden helps our chiefs practice fully decked out in Kansas City gear. It is unknown if Gruden would have any sort of role with the Defender camp or if it was just a one time appearance. What's up, bro? Hey, I, Hey, hey. I love y'all. What's up baby?


Send the zoom link Ball. Told her she shoulda came there and put that tank on. Hey, my, my bad. That that one TI know. What'd he say Bout he, he was getting on, getting on red. He on there with Rico. You gon, you gonna meet Rico one my clo my closest homeboys I mentioned to you. Like, like how you got Bucket? Yeah. Yeah. Re they Rico, Rico on it with them too. But go ahead. Go ahead. Finish. They real interrupt. I was say John Gru Gruden was at a chiefs practice. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They got chiefs gear. We don't know if it's a onetime thing or he's gonna be helping out or he's an analyst that's gonna be helping out just during training camp or during the season. Right. Wasn't he just on at somebody else's practice decked out in their gear Not long ago?


Not that I know of. No. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I mean it, well, Gruden, Gruden and Reid have a relationship. Yeah. They was on Mike Holmgren's staff. Oh, you know what? I should have known that. 'cause the tree, the tree, the tree never, it never fall. I think they was out, they was in San Francisco together. If I, if I'm not mistaken also. That's crazy man. They, you'll always have a job if you come from that tree. If you come from that umbrella, no matter what happens, you will always have a job. Yeah. All I just don't like, I just, I I don't see how you coach because depending on where you're playing, everybody's situation's like, not like a Andy Reed. Everybody's situation is not like a Mike Tomlin. Where, where you're gonna be in a city and you're gonna be in a state for a very, very long time.


Hell nowadays owners only give you three years. After three years if you're not winning, boom. Now everybody out now you ain't got no job. Yeah. Andy Reed, John Gruden, Steve Marucci. Hey, mooch, Dickon, Ray Rose, Ray, Bob Sherman, Lewis. Yeah. All, all those guys left out. Wait, Sherman, Sherman Lewis, Sherman Lewis Black Sherman, he's black guy, black coach, Right? Yeah. Where you Been? I ain't, I ain't seen Sherman Lewis in. No, he's retired. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I for the same see Mr. Lewis in a minute? No, he retired. Oh man, that's live. I this out Joe. Yeah. Michigan Gate results seven coaches violated rules.


Five coaches committed level one violations with their involvement in the cheating scandal, including Jim Harbaugh and Sharon Moore, new Michigan head coach Sharon Moore deleted 52 text messages with Con Stallions on the day of the initial report. The day the initial report came out, con Stallion was on the sideline at Central Michigan. Stallions illegally scouted at least 13 future Michigan opponents on at least 58 occasions between 21, 20, 21 and 2023. Stallion took hard drives with him and refused to cooperate with the NCAA. Do they know you can erase text messages? No.


Do they know that you can't delete photos? Yeah. Any, anytime you're in trouble, they can know they can, they can, they can get it boy, they can get it the way technology is today. You think you erasing stuff now? Depending on, On Yeah. You era from somebody else. Pride eyes, but not Horrifics. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they, hey, they can go back and get anything unc they can go back, get anything. So, I mean, I mean, what happens now at this point? Do they take away the, the national title or what? No, they're probably, probably a fine, probably reduce some scholarships, something like that. Right. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I mean, I'm not even gonna get into the fact the amount of schools that probably do this.


It just so happened Michigan got caught. Yeah. I'm not even gonna mention that. It's The same thing is Spygate. Yeah. Maybe some other teams did it, but they caught you Ocho you think when the police catch you speeding? You the only one speeding. Oh no. He said, well I can't catch them 'cause I got you pulled over. That's why I can't get to them. Had I not caught you, I got them Right. But, oh man. Yeah. I don't think they, no, don't take the, they, they played, they, they beat teams. Got Hey ocho? Yeah. I don't know if you did. You know this What Noah? I the fastest man in the world. In the world.


Hey, lemme see if Nora responded to me. Man, let see if Noah responded. Oh, he did? What'd he say? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm, I just told, I told him to FaceTime. Hey, what funny, the Jamaica still in, they still in the chat? Little bit. They what time? What? Hold on. What time is it in Jamaica? Probably about they hour in front of Miami, aren't they? Yeah. They only, it is only, it's only seven 20. It's early. They on the same time as Miami. Yeah, that's right.


That's an hour flight, huh? Hell what you call it an hour flight? Kansas is Houston's an hour flight. Oh, man. Alright. I I just told, I just, I just told him to FaceTime me. He had the, you already know what you gotta do once you finish racing. Right. You gotta, you, you gotta the media scrum. No, not no. The other part. When you have, when you have a good game in the NFL, what's the first thing you gotta do the next morning? What? I go out there and have a game. Oh. You gotta give, you gotta give, you gotta get a urine test. Urine sample. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm gonna see if, I'm gonna see if you FaceTime.


Yeah. Hold on. Oh, okay. All I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna send that to him. It that'd be dope if he get on there. We got a couple, we got a couple days. He, he, he still got a couple more races. He gonna join us, I promise you. Okay. So just, just let it go, let it go and just wait. He'll gonna join help me. Okay. Okay. Okay. If not, if not today. Yeah. You would join us before. Before Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Marcus Evans tell Justin Galland to eat his words about Noah Lyes, period. Well he, he, He said something wrong. No, I mean, just based on what he had seen considered one guy run 9 8 1.


Right. The other guy run 9 7 7. And it seems like he had backed off the gas. Right. My only thing was, and what, and, and Justin agreed is that had anybody ever put him to the test? Right. And had they ever run on a global stage? No. He had never run a global stage. And he had never had anyone put him to the test. All, all Justin said, well, I think you said too, and, and Justin could have tested what you said is Noah had to run the race of his life. He had to get out. Yes. And he did. And he had to be. And that's exactly what you did. He had to make him run. Yes He did. And that was a good race man. It was a great race. Steven Johnson said Uncle Ocho, what are your thoughts on watching the Beijing four by one When Jamaica beat the US for gold, that was the best race I've ever seen.


Justin Gatlin should have been on our anchor. I mean, you got think, hold on. Think about what you got though. You had three guys, I mean two guys that had held the world record in the hundred meters. Yeah. Oph Powell ran second leg, the anchor leg. Usain Bolt, the fastest man to ever live. And Blake, Johann Blake has run 9 6 8. Boy boy running man, Nestor. Okay, let, yeah, just, let's just say for the sake of argument, Nestor Carter is a nine nine a nine nine oh guy. Right? You got a 9 5 8, a 9, 6 8 and a 9 7 2.


I mean, what Bailey wasn't gonna, Bailey wasn't gonna be able to do anything with, unless they gave him a five meter lead. He wasn't gonna be able to hold you. You, you ain't blew off. Who ain't off? Nah. Oh. Oh, that's crazy. Oh my goodness. That's wild. Black Chisholm 8 0 4 said the Jamaican saying they won. No, it goes by torso because it's like, man, Sain Thompson, because Shane foot was over the line first. It doesn't go by foot. It don't go by head. It goes by torso. It goes by Bill. Right.


Because if it went by foot, whoever was wearing them damn orange spikes, they would've been the winner. But them orange spikes was clear as day in front of everybody. So There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's A lot of games all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woo hoo. Chba. Chiba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chumba life. Visit cmba casino.com btw group. No purchase necessary for prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from drumstick, outshine to Tino's and Red Bull for family Night Entertaining.


Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions. Apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Houston Parkway. Zy said Watch your blacklock mouth up. African Jamaican girl said drink a couple. Garza. Garmon Garone. What's, how do you pronounce that?


Gray Marone Grayzone Garzon on the house. I don't know what that is. What's that? Y'all What that is? Nestor Carter ran 9 7 8. So what it supposed to do? You got a 9, 7, 8 lead off. He's passing it to a 9 7 2, he's passing it to a 9 6 6 and he's giving it to a 9 5 8. Right. At that point in time, you don't have, you don't have in the history, if you take the fastest men in history, there are times you're not gonna find a faster relay team that, so you take four other men. So if you take, let's just say you take, who's the fastest?


Tyson Gate is the fastest American and he ran 9 6 8. I think Justin Gatlin is the next fastest American. He ran 9, 7 4. You take the next fastest American, maybe it is. Oh, Maurice Green I think ran 9, 7 6. And then you Take Fred Curly at 9 7 6. That still don't add up. Yeah. Them boy, them boy moving boy. Yes. Especially got, especially both man. But do I think they can go under 36 with this team? Yes. Yes. I think, no, not 36. Excuse me. Do I believe they can break the American record, which is 37 11 and go sub 37?


I do, I do believe this team has the, it all depends on stick passage because a lot of things has to go right, right. When you're moving the sticks and they guys don't practice. Hadn't practiced, but I'm sure. But the thing that I like is that Fred Christian Coleman, they have experience because they ran in the world championship. It's gonna be interesting to see who runs, you know the third and the fourth leg. Right. How they switch it up. But they just need to qualify. That's all. You just, they just need a lane on the track. Anybody that got a lane on the track, Ocho big win Stick stick.


Yeah. Yeah. The only Id said, UNC, you gotta tell us. You got the more blue diamonds in this LaPorte after the second glass, my wife looking like wet grass field. And I'm a size 15 cleat. Ready to tear up. Yeah. M1 give a M1 not too much now because you gonna get sleepy. Just you knows. She ocho the state of Florida. Florida on a road this weekend y'all had Deon Hester, Andre Johnson inducted into the hall of Fame.


Now, Lord No Lives Noli is from Virginia. Y'all left in to claim that man Noli from Virginia. He from the DM v Man. No ly from the crib, bruh. Noli ain't from no crib, Man. Noah Alive was born at Jackson Memorial Hospital. Boy in Liberty City. Stop playing. That man is from Virginia. You know, I don't even know. I don't even know it, bro. I Don't even, I'm tell you where he from, man? He's from the DMV. How long? No, hold on. How long he lived there his Whole life. Oh, okay. My bad. I'm just making sure y'all Stop trying to claim people Ocho listen That we ain't trying to, I'm just, I'm just making a show. I'm just, I'm, I'm just asking. I I I don't, I don't know his, you know his background and where he was born and where he from now, either way, I know who he Represents.


Yeah, he was born in Gainesville. Yes. Oh. Oh, he's from Florida. He's from Florida boy then. Yeah, yeah. No, hold on. We just had this, we just had this conversation about Julian Al Alfred Julian Al Alfred was born in Jamaica. Who she win the gold medal for St. Lucia. So now, so Erica, so anybody that was born anywhere, Man, young Bull is from Florida. Man, don't hate, don't hate World's. Fastest man is from Florida, from Gainesville, Florida. Yeah. He was born July 18th, 1997 in Gainesville, Florida.


Hometown Alexandria, Virginia. You know what? And he's in that hometown was not by his choice. Yeah. He wouldn't, It wasn't by his choice. You think. Think he wanted to leave. He didn't wanna leave. You think he wanted to be born in Gainesville? That wasn't by his choice either. Long, as long as it's in Florida. If you knew, if you know better, you'll do better. Man, y'all Florida, y'all Florida ninjas. Y'all be trying to claim everybody. I mean, we claim, we claim, we claim, we always claim greatness because we, that's what we breed. Stephanie Warfield say, Hey Shannon Ocho name your five favorite athletes. Who's crossed over acting minor? Carl Weathers, Lawrence Taylor, Jim Brown, Rick Fox, Terry Cruz, Oliver, Mitch, Dan Marino, Boris.


I mean, people don't realize, I think Carl, I think Carl was a, he was a d he was a running back. I think he was a running back Carl weather. I ain't know that. The guy on Hill Street Blues, Michael Glass, what was his name? I think he played on UCLA's basketball team. I'm trying to think. The black Downhill Street Blues. I mean obviously The Rock, the Rock would be one. Yes. What's the, the guy named from Naked Gun? The Tall that that played. DN Bubba. Oh, Bubba Smith. Bubba Smith Rock. Bubba Smith.


Nah, probably OJ Rest his soul. OJ Naked Gun OJ too was was also an LG Gun. Oh, that was in a, in a movie with Elizabeth Montgomery. I ain't see that one. I just remember him in The Naked Gun. That shit was, that shit was funny as hell. Michael Warren. Yeah, Michael Warren. He was in Hill Street Blues. He was a very accomplished at, I'm trying to think. Well, hold on myself because I've been in two movies. What you been in? I I in America was in. Okay, Hold on. You talking O Joe? What kind of movie? You talking What kind of movies? You talking O Joe? Oh, No, no, no, no, no. I'm, I'm being for real. Okay. I I was ins I was in Shark Nadu three. Yeah, I was in American reunion. Right.


And I'm not gonna, sitcoms don't count. They don't count. But still, that's a transition for me. Yeah. And lemme see what Up, Fred Dryer. Merlin Olson. Oh, Merlin Olson. Yeah, He's in little house in the prayer and a father Hard castle. Oh, that's back in the day. Okay. Yeah. Fred Dryer. Fred Dryer had a, had a show on. He was, I'm trying to, he was a, a detective. I'm trying to think of people. Damn, that's a good question. I'm not sure. I don't, I don't know that one. Damn. That's a good one.


So I go Merlin noon, Fred Dryer. I mean, rock gonna win. Yeah. I mean if we really, if you really do it Rock. Yeah. He's, Because they know athlete's been bigger than rock. Nah. On that stage. Yeah. Talking about bigger. He's the highest paid actor. Yeah. That's crazy. Shaft. Fred Williamson, the hammer he played at Kansas City. Mm. Shaft. Yeah.


Thomas Jones acts now too. Don't he? Remember Thomas Jones? Yeah. You, Thomas Jones been in a few movies. Yep. I forgot about Thomas Jones. Yep. Big underscore. Jeez said, did you watch the Crawford fight? You like the fight Ocho? Yeah. Yeah. You, you, you can tell, you know, he, he, he went up and wait. But he did what he needed to do. He did what he needed to do to to, to win the fight. It, it was good. It was a good fight. That's it. Some people tried to make it controversial. It was, it was nowhere near controversial. Of course, the guy was able to get some shots in. He wasn't efficient like that on offense to where you would even think that he'd beat Crawford.


But Crawford put combinations together. He, you know, did a little bit more damage than, than, than, I don't know how to pronounce the guy's name. I know it starts with m than he did. It was, it was a good fight. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it. I, I enjoyed it. You count Shaq, Shaq been in movies. Oh yeah, Shaq been in movies. What's the wrong, where he s where he was a Genie? Yeah. Shazam. Shazam. Shaza Kazam. Yeah. Kazam. Yeah. I'm talking about Shazam. Oh, John, Sally. What John played then? Bad boys. John was in Bad Boys. Yeah. The first One. He, he was the computer geek that killed him and the bad and the last one brought down, they put a bullet right in his head.


Oh. And they, they, that's one thing about, about, about Movie Boy, they, they showed killer Black Man, quick Boy and the horror movie too. Dewan Hines. You just say a word. Every dog has his day. My homie Semipro football player had dars beating reigning league cap last night for the 2024 championship. What's up? Why? To Motor City Rams. Hey man, congratulations man. Congratulations. How's everything? How? Nah. Come on. Come on Noah. Man, you gotta get you some McDonald's man. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.


World a world fastest, man. Oh, I'm hype over here, Noah. I'm hype over here, bro. They mad at me. They mad at us. I can't hear what he say. He say they mad. They, they mad. They mad he on the chat. But even going in, even going in for you. Hey, I'm, I, I know you got rest and you eat right now if not the day, maybe tomorrow or the day before. I mean the day after. We, we wanna send you a link so you can join us the right way live if that, if that's okay. So start, I'll, I'll link up my agent. So right when I'm doing all my media, Dave. Yes sir. Okay. I appreciate it baby. Congratulations again.


All one. Yo, It's late. It's late over there. It is. Yeah. He said it's about what, like two in the morning Eating all that damn healthy eating all the damn healthy food. Man. Get you some McDonald's in your system. Mancho. You know he gotta race tomorrow. The 200 semi tomorrow? No, the qualifying. Oh, the qu. Okay. Okay. Okay. And The last thing, the last thing you wanna do Ocho, is to have your stomach or you got the boo boo out there. Oh, that's dope.


Lamont Dubal said What's up fellas? Can my girl and daughter get a shout out? Their names are Jada Kennedy. AKA Nugget, also OCHO one double 85 Pass Nation. Hey Jada, Happy birthday. Happy birthday. I don't know if it's your birthday, but we gonna give you a shout out Anyway your dad's watching. We greatly appreciate it and thank you bro. Lamont appreciate the support, Bro. Yes sir. Ocho Yes sir. No, allow is the fastest man in the world. I don't know. They know that. Hey, y'all know that.


Did I tell y'all? Lemme break some, lemme interrupt you normally scheduled programming Noah allows is the a hundred meter Olympic champ. Hold on. Where all, all the Jamaicans going in the chat? Nah, Hold on. What y'all know for? Oh, run Jamaican. Run Jamaican run. Ain't that what Jamaica. Y'all got run. Hey, send me a bottle. Somebody me a bottle. Jamaica. They known for rum. I don't know shit about no alcohol. Yeah, I think so. Jamaica gum. Yeah. Yeah. Send You bought a bottle. When I think, when I think about Jamaica, I think about jerk chicken, rice Sweet Plains. Yeah. Rice jerk. They love that jerk cocktail Chicken curry.


Hey, when the last time you been to Jamaica? Boy the food over there never is so goddamn good. You said never. Yeah, I'm going. Who gonna show me around when I come to Jamaica? Who gonna show me around? I need somebody to show me around. I wanna go get some pasta. I want some oxtail. I want some goat. Who gonna show me around? Hey, but, And I want two red stripes. What's that? Oh, that's the, I remember that commercial. Yeah, the Red Stripe mine. Yeah. Yeah, I remember that commercial. I wanna know who, who showed me around?


If y'all don't know where to get the best roster, posture, neck, bone, I mean, excuse me. Oxtail. Oxtail And jerk. Anything. Chicken ribs. Don't I ain't I I don't need you to show me around. So I'm gonna come over there. I'm gonna come over there and see you saying I'm gonna come over there and hang out with youe. Y'all. Y'all be tripping. Youse ain't know where all the hotspot at. Guys. That's not that. Could, that concludes our episode of Nightcap. We wanna thank you for joining us for another episode back, back tomorrow.


Please expect you we're Nah, Tuesday. Nah man. Tuesday. Ain't nothing going on tomorrow. You just said the quarter. I mean the No Ocho we're back. We're off tomorrow. Then we got Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Gimme that work. Please guys, make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. And please make sure you subscribe to Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember every podcast subscriber matters, And, we greatly appreciate your support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock and we'll be able to get that out to you.


Pronto, please go follow my media company's page on all platforms that Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84, our Olympic merch just dropped the link to the is pinned at the top of the chat. Use Code Olympics. And guess what? We got a giveaway. If you place an order for Olympic merch tonight, three random orders. We'll receive a signed bottle of La Portier. The second giveaway we're having is most recent Nightcap Post comment tag Noah Lyes hater and follow 84 clothing. To enter the giveaway, we're giving away a full Olympic capsule, that shirt, t-shirt and shorts in your size promise, in your size news of the night.


Noah Lyes beat Jamaican k Shane Thompson by 5000th of a second to win the men's a hundred meter final and claim the title of world fastest man Noah Allows wins the goal. K Shane Thompsons wins the silver Fred Curly wins. The bronze Noah allows, runs a personal best of 9.784 seconds to win and narrowly in a photo finish beat Kasha Thompson. Remember, this is Nightcap, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp. That's your favorite number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The binga ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro Liberty City's on.


You see the Nightcap Merck And, we so proud No allow, represent. We got a package coming for YouTube, bro, thank you for joining us. We'll see you Tuesday. Goodnight everyone. I love y'all The Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la.


Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar May thick Cut bacon now and enjoy. You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway.


Discover how Clorox cent's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com.


That's o doo.com.