
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Stewart, bink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga ia and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide G Network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas


coming to the stage next former NFL head coach. Matt. Patricia. Matt. Damn coach God Coach drawing. I'm like, wait, W he asking. He sees a you alright call. How we doing? Doing good coach. It's good to see you. You looking good man. Thank Try it. Great. Try it. I had to, I had to get all that off. You look good. Thank you. You look tired. Good. Go ahead. You can take it off time. Go ahead. You want start it off? Do you want me? Well you look good. You it's obvious. Let's talk about the obvious. Yeah. Cole, I mean what, what, what's really going on?


Yeah, just interesting year, you know, kind of Coach Belichick and I do a little coaching on YouTube, which was fun, right? Wrote, wrote a TV show that, you know, that we got to get out and kind of do some fundamentals. All that stuff that we like to talk about. So, you know, it was a lot of fun. I got to see Chad every week, which is great. I got get his McDonald's every single day. Make sure we get you fed. Right. Ab absolutely coachee. What's, what's next as far as coaching is concerned? Is there anything that you'd like to do? Is there anything on the table from a coaching perspective? Yeah, you know, right now I'm kind of just, I'm, I'm trying to be dad. You know, I got three kids and I spent last year in Philly and that was great.


My, my family was not with me and my oldest son, he went from like here to here between Thanksgiving and Christmas and I was like, I kind of, I need to be home So you know, I'm doing this, which is great. You know, get to hang out and talk football, which I love to do. And get to see a lot of people that I haven't seen in a long time. Yeah. So it was a lot of fun coaches at heart. One question before you go MVP tonight. Yeah. They gave it to Josh Allen. Yeah. With the numbers and the stats that Lamar Jackson put up this season. Yeah. Your thoughts. You know, I'm gonna go the other direction. I'm going Saquon Barkley, MVP, Saquon Barclay. I mean this guy was doing Stu I saw, I sat with my son and he ran, you know, defensive guys.


Right. So we appreciate this. Right. So he ran and I saw him do a reverse leapfrog Oh yeah. Over another human, like a professional athlete. Yeah. And I, I looked at my son, I said, you will never see that again. That is the most amazing thing I've ever seen. Yeah. And I think his, yeah, I mean he has been unbelievable. Right? And I think everything that he's brought and you guys can appreciate. You guys are great. You guys are, I mean obviously like I'm humbled to be even sitting with, you guys are unbelievably great players and you all did this on your teams and we know what great players look like, right? Those are the guys that elevate everyone around them. You know, they're the guys that take good players and make 'em great players. The guys that are average players and make 'em good players and bring that team together.


And I think he's done that in Philly. I think his humility and his excitement, his general joy that he has to watch his team succeed. I man, I love it. I love that coach. How do you build trust with a player? Because they say, you know, this is a player's lead. Yes. And the players seemingly are getting younger and younger and not, it's different. I mean, you can't coach players like they could in times. We talk about this all the time. You can't coach players like we got coached when we was in the league and when we were growing up. So, but how do you build that trust with players? Yeah, you know, I kind of look at like, I'm on like my fourth generation of NFL player. You know, my old heads when I coached linebackers was like Teddy Bruski, Mike Vrabel Junior, say out Willie McGinnis, Roosevelt Colvin, Larry Izzo, Chad Brown, my room.


I'd walk in my room. I wasn't sure if we were gonna coach or fight. Like I didn't know 'cause it was like Alpha Dog Central. But I think the biggest thing that everybody wants, they just, they want to know that you're gonna help 'em get better. They want to know that you're trying to do everything you can to elevate their play and, and do everything you can to, you know, grow them as young men. And I think that's what we gotta do. And you know, look, you gotta make sure you go in and tell 'em how much you appreciate 'em, how much you respect what they do. You know, you guys are different. Like, I didn't, I can't play So, you know, I can coach, but I'm not in between those white lines, you know? So I need to do everything I can do. And this is what kept me up late to make sure that you can go out and perform your best. And that's why I didn't sleep every week.


'cause I was like, there's no way I'm gonna let you know. You go in between those white lines and do everything that you do at an unbelievable level and risk everything that you risk and make sure that I didn't give you every tool possible I could to make you be successful. 'cause I just wanna see the joy in your face when you get that done. Right. Sunday we got a big game. Super Bowl 59. Yes. You've been around the game of football for a very long time. Yes. Offensive side of the ball. Defensive side of the ball. If I'm a bettman, who I put my money on. Yeah. I I am, I am Eagles all the way I, I'll say this. So there's two teams right now in the NL Super Bowl history that have had the number one defense and the NFL's leading rusher.


Philadelphia's won right now. The other one was the 92 Cowboys and they won. So, you know, look, defense wins championships. I'm on the couch with the defensive guy, so I'm okay. That's, but you know, I think this is where the, the defense comes through and, and look, Kansas City, Andy Reed, Patrick Mahomes, like those are, you know, those are guys keeping me up late at night. But I like where Philly's at right now. I like their physicality, the toughness. I think that's gonna be a great game. It's gonna be a good one. It's gonna be good one. You think Coach, we just presented the NFL Coach of the Year together. How do you think Coach Belichick is gonna do at the college level? Well, I'll tell you what, I know North Carolina's excited and I know those kids are excited. I think those kids are gonna be coached in a way that, you know, look, he's gonna teach, he's gonna take the extreme complex and he's gonna boil it all the way down into something really simple that they can understand.


And he is gonna prepare those guys for the next level. You know? And I think that'll be a tremendous amazing opportunity for those guys to learn from him. I just told him over here, just chit chatting. I said, coach, I saw that you went on the road or you went to home visits. I said, I don't do home visits. But he said, he said, I've been on the road for a minute. Yeah. So he, I just, it's just hard for me to think about Coach Belichick doing home visits. Yeah. With kids in high school. That is crazy. I mean, imagine you're, you know, you're that you're in that home and right comes here, comes Coach Belichick walking through the door. So, you know, that's gotta be a great experience for all of them. Coach, thanks for joining us. Yeah. Coach. Matt. Patricia, thanks so much. Appreciate it. You Thank you.


And now hold on, hold on. Hold. Coming to the stage with DA Smith. I was like, yeah. A strip or something. The way y'all call, you see the Walt. You see the Walt? That's that money walk. What to do baby? See y'all hire him. Say what I want to be on first take. We got the people, got the people here in front of you. So I want to get this off. Oh, you been working out too? My dog work. What, what, what day? I wanna make sure y'all hear this. What day can I join? First take what day you join First Take what day? The day I tell you?


Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. We getting somewhere? That's enough, right? As soon as you want. What if there anything you wanna share? No, not yet. I'm there. I'm good. Life is good. Yeah. Life is good. I can't complain. It's good to see y'all. Thank y'all for coming out with my boys. It don't get no better than what they doing and we know what the hell he been doing. So it's all good. I'm in a, I'm in good company tonight. Well we've been, we've been talking about this and we've been going back and forth, right? Josh Allen won the MVP. Yep. Lamar Jackson was first team all pro quarterback. Yep. Which is, I'm surprised, I'm shocked that it happened. What are your thoughts?


I'm kind of glad Lamar didn't win it. Really? What, what you got? Let me explain. It's the setup. That's the setup. You got two league MVPs, every other individual and NFL history whose had two league MVPs have won the Super Bowl championship. Lamar, if you'll be quiet and let me explain, I will make sure you understand my explanation. What I'm saying is if he had won three, then the heat on him next year would've intensified even more and we'd highlight his failures more instead of appreciating his greatness more.


Josh Allen went in the MVP. Well congratulations. Now what you gonna do, because we gonna talk about you the same way we talked about Lamar Jackson. Now, 'cause now you A MVP, where's your chip? And if we not gonna talk about him not having the chip, we can't do that till Lamar Jackson either. That's why I I like it, but I don't love it. I understand it. I, I like it, but I don't love it. I understand your philosophy. I understand how you flip that. Brilliant. That's what I expect from you. But nevertheless, we can't look down the street and condemn a man about what may happen tomorrow and not applaud what he's done today.


Because that man deserves his flowers right now, regardless of what may happen tomorrow and how we think about him, he was the most valuable quarterback in the NFL to his team, to our league, to his offense. Am I right or wrong, Mr. Stephen A Smith, I'll give that to you. But allow me to Reto. We walked into this season, we looked at Baltimore and the acquisition of Derrick Henry and we said they're monsters. They gonna win the A FC.


We saw Josh Allen, he lost Stefan digs. He lost Gabe Davis. He had a rookie wide out in Keon Coleman. He didn't get Amari Cooper until the middle of the season. And he was balling out up until the last week of the season or so. Shannon and I, along with everybody else who was debating who was the MVP, we were leaning towards Lamar Jackson. But it wasn't like we had Subm dismissed Josh Allen because he had played on an elite level and he didn't have as much to work with. So you are absolutely right with what you're seeing. If we're able to look at Lamar Jackson and say there ain't no need to discuss nobody else 'cause nobody else was even close.


But we know that wasn't the case with Josh Allen because of the personnel that he was working with. The absence of expectations, how he had exceeded expectations. And because of that is why I feel the way that I feel looking at this game. Kansas City going put unprecedented threepeat. You got the Philadelphia Eagles that were here just two this three years ago. This is the second time they're here in three years. We know what's at stake. We got Saquon who had an unbelievable season, offensive, offensive player of the year. You got Jalen Hearst who played unbelievable, had the one turnover, and they end up losing that ball game. If you had to bet your money, who do you like in this game on Sunday?


Well, you don't bet against Patrick Mahomes. You don't bet against Patrick Mahomes. However, if you wanna roll a dice and take chances because there's more money out there to get, if you take a risk, you look at Philly, Philly collectively as the better team they are. You look at up and then we talk about Saquon Barkley, 2005 yards Russian. He's been electrifying, but we didn't mention this enough. Do y'all know their offensive line averages six feet, six, 300 and like 28 pounds, six boys up there. I mean, these brothers plug holes as wide as Broadway on a Sunday morning.


If you can do that against Kansas City's defense, Philadelphia's gonna win the championship. But I think you got to do that because Patrick Maha's on the other side, you gonna have to do that in order to win this game. Hold like he really answered the question. Now, if you were a bettman, who are you putting your money on? I would bet on Philly. I would take a chance to bet on Philly. Okay. But I recognizing I'm taking a change. But I would still bet on Philly. Right at you. Look at your brother. Where? Right there. Hey, what'd they do? Hall of Fame.


Hall Fame broke boss man, what they do, baby? No, no, no. Get get back Like you were. Yes. Knees bad. No, my knees bad. Thank you very much. It's been a long day and even longer trying to get here from over there. But thank you for staying. Hopefully we can get you outta here surely, because I gotta get up early in the morning again. But a tremendous day. It's, it's an honor and a pleasure to follow that guy for, for a change and, and being the first brothers inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


Don't you, don't you cry up here. Don't do that. I wanna know, you have to tell me, tell the people out here understanding and knowing all you've been through where y'all come from, what it took to make it to the NFL, the struggles, having to lead a game early. What this night mean to you? It's, it's kind of interesting because I never wanted to be in the Hall of Fame. Mm I never expected to be in the Hall of Fame. This is not something I asked for. This is not something I wished for. This is not something I prayed for because when I left the game, the only thing anybody ever talked about is what I didn't do.


Now I'm okay with that. I am, I'm okay with what I, I put on film. I'm okay with that. But, so I never had any expectations. This is not like Christmas to where, you know, you want a skateboard or you want a bike or you want them pair of Jordans. This isn't like that. So for me, today is kind of interestingly surreal because I didn't want this, this is not something I wished on myself. But, you know, being there and seeing my friends that are in the Hall of Fame that were more excited than seemed like I am right now.


But they were genuinely happy. My good friend Terrell Owen, I, I hope I'm not, I hope I'm not doing anything wrong by putting Terrell's business in the street. But Cro Tio and I go way, way, way back to the, before he even gotten the lead. And he was so happy for me that, that he and I had a had about a good 45 second moment to where we just kind, we kind of got wrapped up in each other and the history and the time and all that. So it's, it's been a really good day. O but let me tell you, I, I haven't gotten there yet.


It's gonna, it's gonna take a little more time to get there. Yeah. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Congratulations.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, you, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And I know, babe, it's been a long time since you seen that guy speechless over. Yeah. You know your little brother loves you man. Yes he does. Well he talks about you. He talks about the man that you only man that he's ever hoped to be, to measure up to. 'cause he knows he couldn't do it. And anybody that knows you and anybody that knows him, knows how he feels about you. Me personally, you know how much love I've always had for you. Let's get some tissue now. We need some tissue. You up here. For those of you who might be too young to remember, we religiously talk about Jerry Rice being the greatest receiver in NFL history.


Those who know football before to, before Randy Moss, we would all mention him 'cause he was that sensational of a wide receiver. He was big time. And so to then watch you transition into the business before your brother did, you did a hell of a job talking the game of football, teaching the game of football, working with cats in the industry and showing us the way as well. And had that pedigree. There's so many people that followed that played in the NFL and now doing television. You were doing it before most and you were doing exceptionally well. And so for me to see you have this day, thank you, thank you.


It is well deserved. And I'm just happy for you. It's long overdue. Thank you. But it's here. Congratulations. Congratulations. I think the thing is why I get so emotional when people ask why I say because I had GPS to get to where I'm going because I had to follow him. You see, he did what he did with no navigational system. He had no MapQuest, he had no Google. He had no instructional manual. I had all of that 'cause I got to walk in his footsteps. A lot of what I learned, almost everything that I learned, I learned from him. My grandfather was very, very hard on my brother.


And I didn't understand why until my grandmother said, Barney, why are you so hard on Spanky? That's what they call, we call him. He said, Mary, everything that little one is gonna learn, he's gonna learn it from him. It's his job. Because we are not gonna be around Mary Long. It's his job to teach him how to be a man. It's his job to teach him right from wrong. He's gonna follow everything that he does because that's what he sees all the time. For my brother to do what he's done with no guidance, with no instruction manual to get to where he got to get me to where I got it.


You guys had heard me say, the only man I've ever wanted to be was him. He was my hero. He was my role model. He taught me to shoot a basketball. He taught me to throw a football. He taught me how to catch. He taught me how to tie my shoes. I'm not the man that's sitting before you today. I watched everything that he did. I hung on everything that he said. And, and then you heard me to tell this story that he, he's only three years older than I, but he's more like my father. My sister's eight years older and she's more like my mother because everything that they did was what a mother and a father would do for a child.


I'm not here. I'm not the man that I am. I'm not the person that I am. I'm not the friend that I am. I'm not the father that I am without seeing how he did things. He's we're brothers. We're a lot alike, but we're very different because I've always had to fight. Everything came so easy to him. I was so small, they called me peewee. And I just, I could never understood. I never understood why I couldn't beat him in certain things. He was always prouder of things that I did as opposed to what he accomplished. He was much more happy when I got drafted than he did.


He wouldn't first pick in the seventh round, I mean first, the seventh pick in the first round. I went to seventh round 1 92. He was so excited. He would just call and say, I mean he just, and y'all don't know what this moment means. Not just to our family. My mom is gonna be extremely excited. I'm extremely excited. Our high school coach who coached my mom, who also coached he and I, but this is a and God heard prayer. I didn't even know he was listening to. There'll be a time that you and I'll have a conversation. We'll talk mapping everything out, guests that you want to bring and the party and the entertainment that you want.


Bro, I've said it before. Give every diet, take myself out of the hall just for you to be in. I measure my life in summers. I don't say years. Say how big. I pretty got hopefully pretty healthy, got 20, 20 summers left. I'm good now. I'm good. Love you. There's only two men, guys I've ever told that I love my son, my brother.


It was so hard to keep this a secret, Stephen. A but I got the call and I had to get him to come to my home and they wanted to go do it in Glenville. I said, bro, I hadn't been to Glenville in 13 years. He gonna know something up if I tell him to come down there. Yeah. So I can lu him to the house still. He hadn't seen me in my home in six years. So if I call and I tell him to meet me somewhere, he's gonna think something's wrong. Like, what's up bro? He like, what's, what's up? I say, man, just come to the house. He like, I'm in town. He like, you all right? I said, yeah bro, I'm good. I'm good. I just, you know, I'm in town. And you know, you close by.


And he had surgery on his eye. He had a detached retina. He had a bubble placed in his eye. He almost lost the vision in his eye about three months ago and said he had some, some blurred vision in his eye and desire. And he went to the doctor and the doctor said, we gotta perform surgery. They couldn't perform surgery that afternoon because he had already eaten. So they got him in the next morning. So that's what we've been dealing with. Had a lot on my plate dealing with that. 'cause I worry I'm the warrior of the family. I think that's my responsibility now. But bro, I'm so happy. I'm so proud of you. I'm getting there. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm getting there.


It's, it, it's hard to explain because you don't want to put your emotions on someone else, but you, you, you know, and I think that the easiest way to explain it is we've all experienced, I think Christmas, you have a list and you're hoping that you could get two, three, or four of those things. I never wished for this. I I never wanted this. And, and I said it tonight out loud for the first time. And the reporter was like, what do you mean you never, I'm like, man, you don't understand.


I only wanted to do one thing and that was play. I didn't want to be an all pro or pro bowler or all that up. I just wanted to play. And I got to do that for seven years and I'm good. And then the Hall of Fame comes around and they're like, okay, you've been out five years. You know, Sterling Sharpe is on the list of 25. You know, it would be, he would be a shoe in if he played longer. But they never talked about what I did. And I was like, if it wasn't enough, wasn't enough, I'm okay with it. I slept real good before I found out I was going to the Hall of Fame.


And I slept good after finding out. But, but I really didn't have any, any aspirations on winding bits. It is a tremendous honor. I know exactly what that means. I went through it with him and that was the greatest athletic achievement of my entire life, was going on that journey with him through the Hall of Fame. Me going in will not exceed when he went in. It won't do, it's not gonna come close. That was probably the happiest I'd ever been because I knew where he came from going to Savannah State, a college. He said he wasn't gonna go. That's one of the times that I told him what he was going to do.


So I knew how hard he fought. And I mean, there's not a lot of opportunities for us in sports to where I know what Stephen a's journey was like to get here or I know what Chad's journey was like to get here. I know what his journey was like and all my prayers were for him. I'll embarrass him about one story. I paid all his bills. He was in the NFLI paid all his bills until my daughter was born because that was, that was mine. Because I, I wanted him to always have better than what I had.


He had a Mercedes before I did. He couldn't afford one, but he was driving one. And, and then he wanted to go to a beach party and he drove my new one and wreck I junkyard e junk. Yeah, that's what he said. I junkyard you carved out. Wait, what? So, So you, you have to understand that, that we are, we, we are brothers, but we are, we are one side of the same coin. We'll say different things differently and we'll do different things differently, but we think alike and God is truly, you know, and I will tell you this story and I'm gonna be quiet.


A guy said to me, if you go in the Hall of Fame, are you gonna do like everybody else? And thank God, because you think God wanted you to be a Hall of Famer. If there is a God. And I said this, I said, my own brother stood up and said, if you would've played longer, there is no question in my mind that we would be the first brothers in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


That was in 2011 since he said that. I have not had one catch. I have not gained one yard and I have not scored one touchdown. And we are the first brothers in the pro football Hall of Fame. So you tell me if there's a God and I should give him some glory. And So, you know, for me that that is what I'm, I'm I'm probably most proud of is everybody used to say, you know, Shannon, stop trying to be like him. You can't be like him Shannon. Stop trying to do what he does Shannon.


You can't do what he does. Shannon. Stop trying to imitate him. Shannon, be your own man Shannon. I am so happy to say he didn't follow me around. I followed him. Class of 2025 Pro Football Hall of Famer, Sterling Shar.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from a hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibing. Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Joining us now Nightcap Michael Pitman Jr. Sir Crumbling around here. Here we go bro. How you doing? Good, good. Appreciate y'all. Congratulations on a great season, individually, not the season that you wanted to have team wise. What do you guys need to do in order to have success when you're in the playoffs and you're contending for championship? Yeah, I mean, that's a really, really tough question. But wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Be honest. Don't anything correct. Not here. Okay. Okay. Be straight up like we in the barber shop now. Yeah. All. All right. So we have to have those tough conversations as you know, like, just like as men, right?


Sure. And, and we need to call guys up, right? Like, just like, not like calling 'em out, like just like call 'em up to, to like our standard need or we expect more. Yeah. And, and that starts with everybody. Like, that starts with me. That starts with every single person. And we just gotta find ways to close that gap because there's so many games that that like close, you know, like just that we were so close and, and we just let it slip. Now I got a question now you, you, you speak about that gap, right? And, and obviously everyone's goal at the beginning of the season is you want to compete to be in San Francisco. This, this year coming up next year obviously. Yeah. What gaps do you think need to be filled in from an acquisition standpoint offensively or defensively that can help you guys get to that end goal?


Honestly, I think that we have a lot of our core guys, right? And, and like before I can focus on anybody else, like I gotta focus on everything that I gotta do. Like I didn't have my best season. I mean now there's some things that happened but just, just like focusing like all myself. Like I have to do things to produce in any type of situation in injury. Like, just like, you know, like, just like guys are like out there hurt too. So. Right. Right. So you, okay, there was a lot made of the situation. I think it was the Texans game on your quarterback scrambled. He ended up taking himself outta the game. I guess there was a team meeting, there were conversations that were had the coach ended up benching him for a couple of a game, about a week, couple of, he got benched one game, a couple of games and then I think Black O Field in or whomever came in for him.


What was those conversations like? Because I'm telling you as a player that been in the locker room has been a leader that's frowned upon when we feel a guy left us out there to drive. Because the one thing is, it's kind of like we adopted, there's nothing compared to the military. So military folks don't get me wrong, but it's like we leave no bad behind is that we're out here together, we're gonna fight together, we're gonna win together, we're gonna lose together. But the one thing we're not gonna do is leave the other guys behind. What was that conversation that you had to have with your quarterback? Because I believe he's gonna be there for an extended period of time. Michael Pitman Jr. And you know, you guys are going to need him. Yeah, we had a, so we actually had all of our team, so all of our team leaders from every single position group and, and we kind of had a hour long meeting and, and we talked about everything.


Like it wasn't just centered around that like it was everybody. But I think that was a good learning experience for him to know that that is not the standard and that he can't do that and stuff like that. So it's all just learning and, and I think that he handled that period of time well because everybody was like crashing on him. Right? Right. So we saw him show up earlier. We saw him put in more work and, and like kind of do the things necessary to kind of earn everybody's trust back. I like that. I like that. Did you notice the difference from that time that before that to the time that happened to after that, did you notice a noticeable improvement?


Any Absolutely. Like, like from like, just like after that benching I felt like he came out and he really was playing a lot better. You know, I got a question. People at home, people that are watching, we always get to see the finished product, right? The finished product of of, of a player and what they do. You get to see 'em on Sundays. What do you think you need to work on as far as your game as concerned and how you can better being a better receiver? Yeah. Because I know you're not where you wanna be. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I think that my next step is being able to recognize coverage at a level that a quarterback can. Right? Because like, I mean like I can see coverage but, but like I see like half of the field, right?


And, and, and I'm not as good as like a like just like a Patrick Mahome right? Obviously. 'cause like he can read the entire field and quickly. So just getting like to that point. Yeah. Yeah. Any, anytime before you go, anytime. If you get to that point, the game slows down tremendously. Yeah. No matter how many bluffs, no matter how many disguises they do, you already know what's coming based off tendencies and down and distance. But when you get to that point, well you, you going to love it. Yeah. Lemme ask you a question. When you go outside and you line up, are you looking across the field at the other side to see what's going on over there? No. So, so, well I mean I'm really focused on corner safety, nickel safety. Safety. Yeah. Right, right. And and then like if it's corner backer safety, right?


And like if it's nickel dime or Right. Or like if that backer's like are like mugged up, like it's gonna be pressure, but I rarely do I ever get to scan the whole field. Right. 'cause like I'm thinking about hey like I'm gonna give him like this move right here. He brings his hands up like I'm gonna do this. If that doesn't work then I gotta do that. Right? So yeah, lemme ask you a question like we broke it down. Okay. Down in distance areas of the field for who they have on the field and what dictate kind of the coverage. Now they might switch it up. Oh yeah. But down in distance where we on the field, we know 85% of the time they like to run this down in distance area of the field where we are. We backed up, we had midfield, we in plus territory, we in the red zone.


So that gave me a little bit of an insight. Now I was different because I learned of a tight end because I'm looking at four, I'm looking at fronts. They're gonna play certain fronts, they're gonna play certain coverages behind certain fronts. Yeah. Now you're not really looking at that. So now if I can just, if you like, take a look back like, okay, they got four down line, okay, blah, blah, blah. They got four, they playing nickel. 4, 2, 5. Okay. They playing, they playing dime. They playing 4 1 6. Okay. It'll give you a tip, it'll give you a heads up of what the potential is. Not always don't go chasing ghost, but you'll have a, a extra, just that extra step and you know, sometime a half an inch is all it takes between you being open. Oh yeah. Or you close. That's all it is. Yeah. Oh yeah, most definitely.


Thank you for that. Yeah. So you, what you're doing down for Super Bowl, what are you promoting? Yeah, so I'm here with Toyota. I've actually been working with them for a whole year now. So we're down here supporting the future generation of athletes and then they also have something for fans here at the Super Bowl experience where they can go sit in cars with team Toyota athletes. So like, just like it's a really cool deal. That's dope. Right? That's dope. Hey Michael, appreciate you Tell your dad I say hello. Absolutely. Thank you guys. Glad you're doing well man. Congratulations. Continue success. Oh yeah. And good luck next year man. Hey, better win the coach in the playoffs. Yes sir. Thank you. Thank you.


Jayden Daniels who's going to be the runaway rookie of the year after an outstanding season, he did something very, very unique that very few rookies have ever done. He's led his team to two road playoff wins as the defacto leader. He wasn't relying on his defense, they put a lot on his plate and he ate everything. I expect to see big things from this young man in the future. Congratulations on a great seed. And Jake Jayden, when you look at what you've done, the expectations, now you have to improve and build on what you've done. You can't become complacent for sure because you understand what is expected of you now only because they're talking about man, this guy who's to say he's not a top five quarterback. As we sit here and speak currently, what does Jayden Daniels need to do to improve, to make sure this year wasn't a fluke?


Man, I just think, like you said, don't get complacent. And I think the veterans that I had, like one person I really lean on a lot is Bobby Wagner. Okay. He wags. So that's my, that's my guy man. We had conversations, he just teach me little things. I remember like shout out to him. I remember like we played a couple games and at row game we would get back late, you know, you tired and everything and he pulled me aside like, man, let's go get, let's go get in these tubs. So we we up there like three o'clock in the morning. Wow. Making sure your body's back right. But just little stuff like that, it's like never thinking that you know too much. There's always room to grow. So I mean outside you always get better technically and stuff like that.


It's a blessing. I get to be in the system that I was with Cliff for another year. Yes. So I can improve on that within that system. But just know, learning how to be a pro. You know, it's my first full off season. See I was like okay, I gotta figure out, have a schedule, like this is what I'm gonna do, this my ramp up period OTA, stuff like that. And just always have the hunger to get better. How do you block out the noise? Because obviously there's gonna be a lot that comes along with what you've been able to do. Yeah. Your quarterback in the NFL, we know what comes along with the most important position in all of pro sports. So now the endorsements are gonna come now more Fame, more adulation, more praise everybody. Hey C, what's up? Everybody's a friend now. Everybody's a family member now and as your mom says, she's like, look, I know the women are coming Uhuh, but I I, I, hey my son got a highs and polls, I got one too.


I'm still forming 'em all out the way. How do you keep 'em level head and to understand that yes I understand what, what comes along with, yeah, Jane Daniels, but I don't get outside of who I am, man. I just think it comes, like you said, support system, mom, dad, like friends, family. Like everybody knows me for me and is not here. Like okay let me ride his coattail and stuff like that. So that's a big part. But also it's a time to play for everything. It's gonna be a time to have fun. Right? It gonna be a time to go out there and party, you know, make some money, do this, that the third. But the main thing, man, none of this happen if you don't ball on the field. Right? Mm. So that's the main thing, like how do I get better to continue the success and knowing like all first year is that like everybody's going to have a full off season to watch it fail for year two.


So it's like, man, I gotta improve on different things and get better myself. Listen though, when you talk about that improvement, right? You guys were able to make the NFC championship, what pieces to the puzzle do you think you, you guys need to add to make your job a little easier? So the bulk or the weight of getting things done isn't always on your shoulders? Yeah man, I think for us it is like if you look at, I think I seen some, we got like 20 something free agents like that on the team. So I mean we gotta, we gotta bring, So you, we gotta bring back. So I think overall, just in general, man, we gotta, we gotta get some people in, we gotta bring people back. But I focus on my job man. My job is to get better. But where they bring in, we holding up to this standard that we set with DQ and them set and that let the front office do what they do.


Go to the Stage right now Is the San Francisco 49 ERs all pro linebacker, one of the best defensive players in all of football. Fred Warner. What happened this year? Because you got here in the suit, y'all, you guys were in this situation, correct? Just last year, correct. This year some injuries. What happened? What does the 49 ERs need to do to get back in this position and what happened this year? Yeah, I mean everybody talks about the injuries, right? I think it just, when you go, when you go through the whole year, things just unraveled at the exact wrong time I think you could call it, right? We thought we had a chance to really get back on track. Midseason, we get Christian back, right? You know, we went a big game on the road against Buccaneers Buffalo.


We think we can come bounce back off their bad game against Green Bay. He gets hurt, we lose guys on the B line. We lose Trent, we lose ba like all these, all these injuries kind of just happened at the wrong time and we just weren't able to continue to compete at a high level. So we gotta get back, man, we gotta get back on track this off season, get guys healthy and get that, get that dog back in us. Now when you, when you think about the off season, right? Are there, are there any pieces, any acquisitions that you see fit that can help and bolster the defensive side of the ball or the offensive side? Or are you, are you happy with the core guys? You guys have? I mean, I see Miles Garrett asking for a trade. I'm like, hey, hey, we just company up at the promo some way you wanna, I dunno man, I, I love my team.


I love who we have, right? You are always looking for more be more pieces, you know, more improvement. Of course, you know, we need improvement going into the next season, of course based on the season we have. But I love everybody that we got in our locker room. It is gonna take everybody just taking a look in the mirror and just taking that next step on the next season. The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is homes shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast. The Quarterback series, my co-host Brian Murphy, athletes first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert to Sean Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola, and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.