
Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before, but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father, Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly, we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose, Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the Rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a noninvasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard tests allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 in estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Oh, not joining us fresh off of big, big contract. I'm gonna need, let me, let me hold something. Lemme borrow something. Yeah, lemme hold something I can't pay back. Lemme OO Digga. Did I pronounce that right? OA ossa O Digga. Yep. It's good to be here. Thank you guys for having me. No, thank you Pat. Congratulations on the deal. You seemingly really came into your own this year doing a great job of attacking the run, put collapse in the pocket, getting to the quarterback. What was different this year than in years past? I think just more experience, You know what I mean? Just, just getting more reps and then more opportunity.


This the most that I've ever played, the most that I've ever gotten a rusher passer. So I feel like just having more looks at it, more chances at it. It's just always gonna allow me to be better. You feel me? Because it's copycat league. You're getting the same blocks over and over. Yeah. So the game starts to slow down a little bit. I can like start to play the game within a game a little bit more. Well, considering that you went up against, for the last three years, you went up against one of the greater guards in NFL history in Zack Martin. So a lot. I can imagine what those one oh ones and that 9 0 7 and that team setting was like Yeah, because it kind of prepared you and you had to feel, man, if I can get off a block against Zack Martin, none of you other guys got a chance.


If I could beat him on a 1 0 1 pass rush. You guys don't have a chance. Is that what you were thinking Bro? Literally, I mean, like, You know, on Sunday I know that the best guys that I went against all week is just right there to my left. Yeah. Away. So I don't really have to worry about anybody else. Like I know that and people ask me like, who's the best guy that you've ever gone against? I'm like, that's a, I go against him every day. So Zach is a legend. So yeah, I got so much respect for him and he is definitely, definitely helped me sharpen all of my tools since I've been in the league. Listen, what, what factors influence your decision to commit to the Cowboys long term?


I definitely love my team. Okay. Yeah. You feel me? The routine and, and being in Dallas and everything that I have is set up out here is conducive to the what I got going on. Right. That's part of the reason why I'm in this position to be able to get more money anyways. For sure. So I think that's just as valuable as more money, You know? And I feel like with that being the case or, and trying to like chase more for the sake of more like, You know what I mean? Because it's like you can always just try and get a little bit more just like try and, and, and get like every dollar that you possibly, right.


Like, You know what I mean? I, I just, I, it was a very good deal bro. Like, and, and I was happy with it. A like, it was life changing money. Like Most definitely, most definitely. I got to like, moms is good forever And you're in Texas, no state taxes. So the money that you might have gotten, let's just say for the sake of argument, you got an extra $10 million over the life of the contract somewhere else, you gonna save that and state taxes by not having state taxes there. So for me, I'm looking at your o osa is that, what can I, what can I do with 80 million that I need to be able to do with 90 million? That's what I'm saying that like, yeah, it doesn't open or close any doors, bro.


Like once you're already in the realm of life changing generational wealth, like right. It like, You know what I mean? It doesn't really move the needle for how, for how I'm gonna be living my life or what I can't do. So I know I'm smart enough, I got good people around me that are gonna be able to help me make more money on, on that off the field. Just I'm, you feel me? We're set. Yeah. Hey, listen, when when you get a, when you get a contract of this magnitude, right? You already had personal goals before you got it, you have team goals as a whole. Now that you've gotten the contract, have your personal goals changed? Not at all. Or are they still the same? I mean, still chasing greatness, brother, still things?


Yeah, like I haven't reached the level that I feel like I'm capable of right. Yet in terms of my play in, in terms of, of being at the very top of the league and, and, and reaching that pinnacle. So in Super Bowl, obviously like team wise, like we haven't, we haven't touched any of those. So there's, that's still all out there to play for. Like, now that the money is out of the way is just all the things that you love about football and the competitive aspect of it and just trying to be great. Now What happened? Oh, I was gonna ask what, what happened this year Lot, Bro.


Like, I mean between injuries, like having, having new d coordinator, those growing pains at the beginning. Just, just a lot of things happened, bro, throughout the course of the season. A lot of things that nobody could really control. I feel like the things that we could control as far as like attitude and approach and just, and just still competing to the very end. I feel like we, we did what we needed to do there and that's promising just the mentality of the team. So I feel like that's something that we could build off of for sure. But you guys seem to struggle against the run the last three to four years. Oa. You guys have struggled against the run. Why is it so difficult?


And I understand you guys wanna play an attacking style defense when you had dq, he wants to attack, play, go to the get to the quarterback, you play that attacking style, that 43 get to the quarterback. Same thing with Zim. Why, why do you think it's been so difficult for you guys to stop the run? That's a tough one. There's a lot that goes into it, You know what I mean? Like, I feel like just being able to do just as good at the run later in the game as like as we are in the beginning of the game. 'cause I feel like we don't start out just, You know what I mean? Like, but against the run, I feel like obviously we had games where we started slow, but I feel like for the most part, like we do a very good job at the beginning of the game, stopping the run.


It's just those later runs, like they break 'em eventually. Right? So I feel like just getting those down and, and just locking in even more just to be able to, to, to do a better job of stopping the run a little bit later in the game. Hey, when, when you think about it, listen, I'm as a, as a football enthusiast like myself. I like the Cowboys, I like the players on the Cowboys. I like the Cowboys fans. Now, I don't like the way things are running in Dallas. I'm not gonna say anything bad about your own or anything. But I would like to ask you Jerry Jones last year said he was gonna be all in. Is there anything that you would like to see ownership do to improve the team to give you guys a better chance at not only competing in the NFC but competing for Lombardi Trophy?


Any additions you'd like? I know an old Lyman for sure. Okay. Just, we just lost, lost Zach Martin. So definitely gonna need to pick up o too because, You know, that's a big part of our, our team and I feel like you've gotta build from the front back, right? Obviously more d tackles is really me and Mozzie as of now. So getting a little bit more depth behind us and, and adding to the D-line room. Like I said, building from the front back. Right. That's gonna be, that's gonna be very important. I feel like that's just, if you're, if you're trying to win football games, it's, you gotta focus on that line, right?


You got your money and now it's Micah. You see Dak restructured his contract CD Lamb restructured his, gave him all nearly $40 million, about $37 million in, in cap relief. So they got some money to play with. Yeah. Micah just saw what Max Crosby got. Mm. The most money for a non quarterback in NFL history. I think Mike over there. Barbecue, chicken, pizza, hamburgers, chicken Tenders. Oh yeah. He deserves it, bro. Like, I, I didn't say that first because I just felt like that was so obvious. It goes without saying bro. Yeah, most definitely. We got to bring Micah back, You know what I mean?


Nothing's going anywhere, but get that deal done. So let, let, that's just like a no brainer bro. Goes without saying. Gotta get, gotta get 11, right? Yeah. And they, they, we can't, we can't wait until the end of training camp before week one starts to get it done either. Nah, I think that's just, that's probably priority Number one to be honest. Yeah. Yeah. Can I ask you a question? Oa, when, when Jerry is constantly in the headlines, he's saying things like, do you like, come on Jerry, you get come on Jerry, stall us out, man. Let, let, love you play with all the distractions that you, that you're creating Now.


UNC can't answer that. I don't view it as a distraction, bro. Okay. You know what I mean? Like what, what he says doesn't affect what we do out there on the field. Like I'm the one out there on the field, bro. Like what? That's not even something that I really think about or let it distract me bro. 'cause I know I'm in the driver's seat when I'm on the field. So are the other 10 guys out there with me? So are the 11 guys on offense Right. In control of the situation. So, But you do how to, you do realize now when he says this team is as talented as those 90 Super Bowls team and you guys go out there and stink it up now.


Either he's either he's misguided or you guys are not nearly as talented as he thinks now. It's, it is only one or two choices. Osi You sound like right now. I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie, But I wouldn't even say it's a, it's an issue with talent. I'm just like, sometimes the execution is just what obviously in the games that we didn't win, execution just wasn't where it needed to be, right? I don't think it's a question of talent at all. No, I don't think so. So what are, what are the, what is, what is, you mentioned team, team success, obviously you want to get to an NFC championship game, you want to get to the Super Bowl, potentially win that, but individual Pro Bowl all pro, what's next?


What would you like to have when it's all said and done? When we come back, we have a conversation and we sit down with you. Let's just say for the sake of argument, 10 years from now and you're hanging your cleats up, what do you want to be on your resume? That's exactly what you just said, bro. Pro Bowl all pro. These are the things that I look at. And that's exactly what I mean when I say there's still a lot out there for me to play for and a lot of things that I haven't accomplished yet. O Joe, You've gotten paid. I'm thinking about the time of my goals that I set once I'd gotten paid, right.


All pro. Obviously at some point I would've loved to reach a Super Bowl. I wasn't able to do that. You did go to the Super Bowl. No, I'm talking about when I was at Cincinnati. Oh, That ain't happening. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Then come on. That's don't be disrespectful. Don't, don't talk about my bengals, don't talk about my Bengals From a team, from a team standpoint, obviously speaking defensively, what do you think you guys need to do better to start the season off right? To get that identity back for you guys? To get back into, and I don't wanna say contention, not the word word back into the good graces of just being a good defense in general, being that it's been bad.


I, I don't, I don't mean no disrespect being that it's, it hasn't been up to par. I'll say it like that. What do you guys need to do? We gotta shut people down, bro. Right? Just, just the, just the run. Just the run. That's it. That's, that's It. Just the rundown. Like we can, if we force people to throw the ball, You know what I mean? Yeah. Like we show we can, we can pass rush with the best of them, bro. So definitely getting that, that run stopped is and, and forcing them into those throwing situations which they don't want to be in. Which has always been something that was obvious since I've been a rookie, is like, that's the last thing that teams want to do when they're coming to play. The Cowboys this, right?


They don't want to throw the ball, so we gotta force 'em to throw the ball and, and play our game. You know, Cowboys defensive lineman, OSA a Diggy Zoa recently si big lucrative contract. He has his money now, now he really gets to focus and become the player that he dreamed he could become. Oh yeah. Pro Bowl. Look on All Pro and hopefully get the team to the Super Bowl. Ossa, thank you for joining us. Congratulations on the contract. Stay healthy. And we are, we'll check in with you down the road. Yes sir. Thank you. Thank you for Joining. Don't Forget the McDonald's. What?


Don't listen. Hey, You're, you're different bro. Like, I wish I was one of those could just Eat McDonald's and, and and just go kill it. Yeah. I gotta actually, I, I gotta go mess with that Bill prep. I got you bro. I Got you. I Got you. Exactly. Appreciate it, bro. Have a good one, man. Stay healthy. Appreciate. You Bet. Oh, Joe, we got some breaking news tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What happened? It just happened just Now. The charger, the Chargers have released five time pro bowler Joey Bosa releasing Bosa Save the cow, saved the charges $25.36 million against their cap. Wait, what do you think should pick him up?


Bengals. If Joey Bosa is gone, then this is be the per perfect opportunity. Now you can't command that much money. Right? He just got released. Trey Henderson is due a huge deal. I'm not sure if the Bengals are gonna be able to pay him. What about Joey Bosa coming to Cincinnati? What do You think Unc? Yeah, tell me. But he still gonna want, he gonna want big, he could still want big money Ocho right? Wait, wait, wait, wait a minute now Joey, Bo listen, you can't be commanding that kind of money when you haven't been performing the way you should. They just released you for a reason. Yeah. Stay with me Andrew. He, I mean, he's been, he's been Nick A lot. He's been, he's been nicked, he's been injured. So you can't come at that. Talk about Oh, I want, I want the bag.


I'm talking about the bag bag. You've already, he's already, he's already gotten the bag bag. No, he, he not gonna command Max Crosby money. No, but he gonna want, he gonna want big money. He's gonna want big money. O Joe. He gonna want North 20 million. Listen, we gonna gimme a little something. We we ain't gonna do 'em dirty. We gonna give him a little something. We need to upgrade our defense. This is the perfect time to do so. Now Trey Hendrickson is going to be able to command much more than what Joey Boal would get. So I understand that. I just Huh? He's gonna want that Max Crosby money. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's why I say I'm, I'm not sure we will be able to retain Brother, brother Henderson, You know, allow him to, to, to to be blessed, You know, elsewhere, You know, bring Max Crosby in.


I mean, bring Max Crosby in. Bring Joey Voss in and and see what we could do. What you think. No, Look, the charges are trying to kill Cap Space. Right. The thing is, this is $25 million for a guy that's over the last several years. Ojo has been Nick. He spent more time off the field than on the field. Yes sir. That's a lot of money. If, if, if, if, if Joey Boso was playing, You know, 15, 16 games a season was still giving you that production when they gave him that big money. Right. 25. I mean $25 million cap hit for a guy that's giving you 1213 sack is, is gravy.


Yes sir. But it's because of the injuries and You know, I'm looking at 'em. I mean, they're gonna probably, they're probably gonna go out and try to, Khalil Mack is interested in what they're gonna do with Mack. Yeah. Because He's Probably want to get extended. Yeah. They can't get rid of everybody now. You probably, huh? They can't get rid of everybody now. No, No, no, no, no, no. You Got you two premier ends. You got two premier ends now you let one go now you can't let the other one go. You got dur Well you got Durbin James. That's making a lot of money on the back end. Yeah. You got Khalil that's making good money. But he's gonna probably want to get extended again.


No, I mean you gotta realize Ocho he that contracted if he got what, one year left on his contract. Ash, what's a Khalil Max situation? I think he, I think he has like one year ocho. Okay. Dang. But You know, no ocho coaches players, nobody wants to go into that last year deal. Yeah, that's a lame duck. Wanna Yeah. Yeah, Because bro, what if you do? You believe me, me or you don't? It's really there. I mean, especially 'cause I've been in this league, I've been defensive player of the year. Y'all, y'all know what I do. You believe in me, Right? Or you don't. Yeah. And, and I, if I'm not mistaken, I think Mac Mac went to the Pro Bowl last year.


So he is like, clearly the coaches and the players and the fans think I'm still playing at elite level. Yeah, He's a free agent. Yeah. Oh, he is free. Yeah. So that he, Man listen, I I'm, I'm, I'm gonna call. I'm m Mack. Come on to Cincinnati too. Oh, but hey there. Listen, I don't like what's going on man. Tyler Lockett, You know Tyler Lockett probably be Bro. Tyler Lockett probably gonna end up going out there with Pete Carroll. Yeah. They're the good chance draft. They Yep. Pete drafted. They familiar Pete Draft? Yep. They familiar with each other. They know each other. Pete Drafted it. Yeah. Yep. Devonte Adams now Jerry Jones.


Jerry Jones. I know you're gonna see this 'cause somebody gonna send it to you. Now, DK Maff has been, has been granted permission to seek a trade. Jerry Jones, if you really all in, if you want the fan, He don't want north of 30 million. He wants 30. He wants in that 30 million range, you're not finna have two receivers making 30 million and a and a quarterback making that kind of money. And you got to sign Micah. Can I, where the money coming from? Mocho Ask can I, can I ask you a question? Yeah. You hear what you just said, right? Yes. You heard everything you just said. So I know I have a lot of fans that are from Cincinnati in this chat. And based on what you just said, why do we still believe we'll be able to keep a $30 million receiver, a $40 million receiver and a $50 million quarterback based off what you Just said and a 30 million defensive end that I don't know.


Yeah, it's tough. I I I wouldn't wanna be a gm. I wouldn't wanna be a owner because I'm gonna act like the Yankees. I'm spending everything, whatever penalty, whatever. Hey, listen, whatever penalty I give from being over the calf, I'll take it because I'm signing everybody. Oh, Joe, the Eagles have agreed to a two year, $42.1 million extension with Saquon to the throne cmac as the NFL highest paid. Running back became the first running back ever to eclipse. $20 million average value. Our average annual value just edging out the 19 million cmac current deal with the 49 ERs.


Remember I told you so Joe? I said, look, they gonna extend it. Yeah. He's been, he's been too. He's been too valuable. He's been a model citizen. He's everything you could hope for as an organization plays hard. Good, great teammate. Yep. Great In the community, great in the city. You never have to worry about sleeping with your phone. On Ring is going off a coach, Ani Howie, Mr. Lurie, we had an issue with Saquon. Don't worry about that. You wanted many of those guys in your locker room as you possibly can. And you can. The guys that are unselfish, the guys that wanna play at an extremely high level, football is very important to 'em.


Greater in the community. No fanfic, that's what you want. So I'm not surprised that they did this. Now the Ravens are looking like, Hey Derrick Henry, like, what about your boy? What about, what about your boy? Because that's, you see all the touchdowns. I think I had more touchdowns in the regular season. I average 5.9 yards a carry. Even though I, I, Hey, hey. Break. Hey. Get you close. I boy, huh? Yeah. I'll take 19 In the area. Somewhere in the area. But listen, say Sequan deserve this song. He deserve. He Deserve. Hey look, I ain't say I gotta have the biggest house in the subdivision, but can I move into the subdivision?


Yeah, that's it. Put me on the corner. I ain't, I ain't gotta have the big, I ain't, I ain't gotta have the biggest house on the block, But I just wanna be on the same block. That's it. I just, I want be in the cro sac. Put me in the corner. That's it. Yeah. Put me in the corner. You mean cul-de-sac or cro sac? Oh my bad. Cul-de-sac. My bad. My bad, my bad. Yeah, I was like cro sac. That's a burlap bag. Yeah. I don't know if you want be. I was think about something else. My bad. I appreciate you correcting me though.


Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before, but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly. We are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hold aac, I see it. Tom Lockett Wolf released by the Seahawks today. And DK Metcalf requested a trade. The request came today after a series of conversation over the past two weeks. DK preferred the contender DK in the last year of his contract. DK C where the receiver market is heading. Hey bro. What y'all got for me? I told y'all got nothing for me. You, I you? Yeah. Okay. Can I get traded? I told you what he need to do. Huh? 'cause Hey, I see what y'all did with Tyler Lockett. I told you what they need to do. Jerry Jones need to be all in. Huh? They gotta be able to compete with the rest of the NFC. Huh? Devonte Smith. AJ Brown.


Deebo Samuels. Terry McLaurin. Terry Mcla. They on Brown cd. Lamb by yourself. Zach Ertz Make a splash. Jerry make a splash. Show the fans of Dallas that you're serious. Devonte Adams is available. If you don't wanna pay North 30 for dk, bring somebody in there. Take some of the pressure off of Dak. Take some of the pressure off of cd. Show 'em you're serious. You know what? I'm gonna show my team. I'm gonna show the players here that I'm serious about winning. And I'm gonna do something that's outta character. I'm gonna go pay for some upgrades to the offense.


If I don't think anything is wrong with my house, why would I upgrade it? Listen, Devonte Adams is right there. Jerry Devonte Adams is right there At what part of my, I don't think anything is wrong with my house, so I don't need to have it Refurbished. It's so wrong with it. It's something wrong with it. 'cause it's been leaking for 30 years. It's something wrong with It. That's what I got pots and pan for. I catch the wa Rainwater ain't heard nothing. Oh, Joe. 49 of De Amador Lenore reacts to the DK tray with requests and throw shade at the remaining Seahawks wide receiver Jackson Smith and Jig book.


Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Y'all, Y'all cannot let DK leave. Y'all can't do that. Like who, like who, like who am gonna have like how I'm gonna have fun out there? No jig book. He be crying all day. He cry. That's all he do is cry Damn ref. He holding, he holding ref. Oh no. Don't hurt me. Cry baby bro. I'm not worried about J Senior. I'm not Jackson Smith and Jig were reacted by tweeting.


Hey, what the, we put his tweet up. Eh, Hold on. Hey, that's, did he call that man? Did he call that man Jack? What he, hold on. Go back, play that man. Let's see what he called that man at the end, if I'm not mistaken. Did he call him a female's name at the end? Ocho, Y'all cannot let DK leave. Y'all can't do that? I don't think so. Like who, like who, like who am gonna have like how I'm gonna have fun out there and the jig, but he be crying all day.


He cry. That's all he do is cry ee holding, he holding Res. Oh no. Don't hurt me car bro. I'm not worried about JSN I'm not JSE I'm, nah, he ain't say nah, he just call him J He said Js n. Yeah. Yeah. And that, and that's, that's funny man. That's funny. That's funny. 'cause him a man watching him and DK go at it, they they they be going at it. It it, it is funny man. It's, it is, it is what It never got to the extent like a Marshawn Lemore and Mike Evans, but the few games I did see they always going at it.


It's it is, it is. It is hilarious. Oh Nah. The worst with Crabtree and, and Oh, king. Yeah. Hey, I saw, hey, I saw Crabtree in Houston too, huh? We, we watched the fight together. Did you? Yeah. Me Crabtree. Okay. Andre Johnson and ej Ed James, we was all in the same place. Okay. Yeah, that was cool. That was cool. Mike, Mike Sabe watching the show, man. That's dope man. Everybody be watching, man. That's, that's dope. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho the Texans plan on letting Stefan Diggs test pre agency and Devonte Adams was cut by the Jets.


Dang Cheetah tweeted about re the recent receiver movement around the NFL, right? Everyone trying to get out. Why do you think there's so much movement with receivers currently? Ocho I mean, I mean, you think of the, you think of the receivers that are moving. Most of them are, are the veterans. Those that are, You know, up in age a little bit, trying to get out of the back end of those contracts. They, they obviously, You know, they're not gonna allow me to hit the back end of the contracts. Cap hits obviously DK wanting to be paid. They're like, nah, we not doing that. Which is why they allowed them to, to seek a trade. Devonte Adams money.


There's no way that just were paying the remaining of whatever the next year's, You know, salary was, lemme see step Stefon Diggs coming off of coming off of injury. He was only on it one year to begin with ACL l Yeah. On ACL l. So hopefully he, he gets the opportunity to, to get back healthy and, and, and, and find somewhere where he can contribute. And tho those, those are the reasons. And Brandon iu, the 49 ERs are, are, are, is being reported. Yeah. That they're willing to listen to trade for Brandon iu. He's another receiver that might be on the move. And you have to understand why they're doing that. Brandon IU actually also coming off.


What kind of injury on, if I'm not mistaken. Okay, what happened? Ojo, What kind of injuries are you coming off of? Acl L as well. ACL or, yeah. See, You know, You know how they treat you acl l especially at, especially at a receiver, at a skilled position, You know how they treat you if you're coming off Achilles or ACL, you, they feel you're not gonna be the same. They truly do. Oh, Joe Fresh off his new contract. Max Crosby says he hosts Aaron Rogers plays for Las Vegas this upcoming season. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Okay. But it's the first year off in Achilles is one of the hardest things to do.


You've seen it happen with Kurt Kirk had a down year. It happened with Aaron. I mean, he struggled, like you said, early on, but he got better as the season went, I think with all the doubt and all the negativity around Aaron Rogers. Oh, he needs to retire, things like that. You know, he is getting caught by the Jets. I think he's gonna come back and, and have a, I mean I know he is 42 or 41, are you? No, I think he's gonna have a big ear this year and I hope it's in, in our town. That Like that. See Max listening to me, max listening to me, me and Ax had me and me and Max had some words not too long ago.


Right. Matter of fact, watching the show, max watched the show because I said something about the Raiders not being able to go anywhere because they didn't have a quarterback. And Max, You know, he shot me a DM and I explained to him, I say, max, you been playing this game a very long time. I played the game a very long time too. You know, in order to contend and to compete, you already know who's in your division. You already know a quarterback you gotta see twice a year in order to even have twice a year a chance. You have to have consistent quarterback play Max. You know that now. I love you baby. Now the reason he's shooting that shot and won Aaron Rogers to come because there's, there's hope that we can get the Aaron Rogers of Old Now. You won't get him consistently. But if we can get, we, if we can get him in a, You know, we can get him to peak and it come down a little bit, it gives us the chance.


It gives you that feeling of hope. Now sometimes, You know, when you got kids and you tell your kids, You know, Santa Claus gonna come and get them cookies, kids get excited. You know, there, there will be excitement in Las Vegas if Aaron Rods decide to come back. For sure. And plus they're going to draft a rookie quarterback, allow 'em to sit by Aaron, sit behind Aaron for a year, maybe two, depending on how long he wants to go. I think they'll be all right. Yeah. I don't think Aaron Rogers makes the Raiders a a, a instant contender. Not Just me personally. Absolutely. Absolutely not. But it'd be better than what they've had before.


Yeah. And they just released Garda Minchi. I think if I'm not aid O'Connell is the only quarterback. I think, if I'm not mistaken, that's still on, currently on the, on the roster. I think I read today that they released Garment You or they're going to release Garment You. Right. So that'll be a great landing spot for someone. Ocho Vikings legend Jared Allen roasted the Jets at his press conference. Listen to what he had to say. Jared Allen, I'd rather be close than fricking who, who sucks the jets. Oh gosh. Being the Jets would be miserable right now. I just can't believe anybody took that job. Oh, rough one. So you get to say this stuff when you're retired.


You can say whatever you want. That's awesome. I got about all the organizations because they don't pay paychecks. That's awesome. That's good for me. That's funny. Hey, he's, he's a Funny people don't realize, oh, Joe, he started his career in Kansas City. He just remembered him from the Vikings. And last year, if I'm not mistaken, I think he played with Carolina. But he originally started, he was a hell raiser in Kansas City. Ran a, got a little trouble off the field. Right. And they, You know, they traded him, but he was, he hey, he was a heck of a player. Oh yeah. Very good. Remember heck of a player. Heck player. Remember every time he get a sack, he rope the cattle or what'd you call it when, when they jump off the horse.


Oh, on the calf? Yeah. And Cal. Yeah. Calf rope up calf. I used, I used to love that little celebration. He was nice. You were nice Old Jared Allen Tcho. Check this out. A tweet went viral this week saying jelly filled donuts are gross. What? You just a big nasty a b if you eat this jam filled donuts, Boy you tripping man. Give me, gimme me Jelly donuts. Do you, do you eat jelly filled donuts Now? You know I eat a little bit of everything. Don't do that. You know that ain't nothing wrong with no Jelly donuts, dunking Donuts. I get, I either get, I get chase, I get glazed, I Get chocolate. You, you like stuff.


Be careful. Be careful now. Listen. Oh, you like stuff good shit in your mouth, huh? Yeah. I'm just asking. Is that what you like? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you don't Oh, y'all heard him Chad? Y'all heard him? No, I don't. You serious? I'm gonna let you think about that. What you said. Hold On, hold on, hold on. So you never had a jelly donut jelly? I say you like stuff g shit in your mouth. You said? Yeah. So you never, you never Can I ask you a personal question? I know, listen, the chat thing, we all family. I'm just, I'm just asking. Yeah. So like, like horizontal activity.


When you have foreplay and, and she's squiring you don't catch it? I ain't, no, I ain't no, I ain't never been no backstop. What's backstop? That was you call back when I was growing up? A backstop. That's a catcher. Oh nah, unc, it's, it's, it's nourish. It is nourishing. It is nourishment. Nah, man. You like, you Don't, they got a look. Don't they got a little emoji with a guy doing this? Nah, I ain't seen that one. They, that dude, don't they got no more Would've got do in that joint? Yeah, they do. Oh, you got you. You gotta catch it, man. You gotta catch it. I ain't gotta catch nothing. I'm just, I'm, listen. A I that why I, I, I don't like baseball. I don't like catch I, I caught, I caught footballs for a living.


That's why one Thing I'm catching ask question. Okay. One more question. One more question I have called watermelons. Huh? Wait, what you mean like watermelons? Like watermelons or you mean real watermelons? No watermelon that you eat in the summertime. Oh, okay, okay. Because you gotta be more specific man. We talk about one thing and you, you on something else. Oh man. I call watermelons Okay, watermelon. Okay. Like you, how you, how can I ask your question? Yeah. How you want miss be nasty but you ain't really with the nasties that it don't make no sense.


Hey a B guy. Come on man. At some point you gotta live. So you like, so, okay. Which donut looks more appetizing to you? The one on the left or the one on the right. Where sec. Where sec? Where sec? Lemme see. Lemme put it back Up there. Put it back up there. Graphic. Lemme See what a donut. That what A donut. What a donut? Because I can't, I know everybody Jelly. What about that? Can we get the other one up there? I don't like the powdered sugar on top. I don't like that. Oh okay. Oh Yeah. Listen, jelly Dough that's from, from Dunking. They really good. I just don't like the powdered sugar. What about eating layer? Hold on. You haven't had eat Layer? Yeah, I Claire.


See There you go. There you go. See ecl. They good. They good. You we getting somewhere? We getting somewhere? No, I don't, I don't, I don't like, I don't like filling. What do you mean you don't like filling? So I don't like, I don't like jelly filled donuts. I don't like, yeah, I don't like, I don't like stuff that have like whipped cream or, or something inside. I, I don't, I don't like that. What did you? Nah, Matter of fact, speaking of whipped cream, hey, a friend of mine, a friend of mine, a mama. I know, I know. She probably watching. She told me to, man, what's up man?


What, what's up wrong? I was like, listen sis, I'm trying to, I'm trying to get him to get out to get out, You know? Get out the box. Yeah. See which one you like. Ojo the one on the left or the one on the right? No, see I I'm not in this case right here. That powdered sugar donut over to the left. I'm not eating that. 'cause then not only do I gotta deal with the jelly, I gotta deal with mouth getting white. I don't want my mouth white. So I take the one that's lightly, the lightly powdered sugar one to the right. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like that one on the left. I mean, I don't, I I, I don't, I don't, I don't eat Jelly Field. Do, like I said, I don't like anything with the pastry in inside. I that, that don't, that don't do it for me. Yeah. Eat Man. Man you got a at, at this point.


It is been, it's been, it is been damn near two years. And you have yet to even give a, a thought of trying to change and do things different. I did. I changed. I'm wearing bigger clothes now. Can't you tell I took your advice. I took your advice, Chad. Y'all won out. Y'all done gotta be so bad. I went up size the clothes. Okay. That's all I got for Mocho. That's the only thing. Listen, we need, we need, we need to evolve.


We need to evolve with the time of your loved life. Not your clothes. Not your clothes. Oh man, that was a good one. Oh. You just can't go around putting your mouth on everybody. Huh? You cannot go around putting your mouth on everybody. I, I What? Why? Why you telling me that? I don't, I don't, I don't do that. Who, who is everybody. I don't deal with everybody 'cause everybody's a added expense. I just saying Now, now one, now one person. Now that's different. Everybody costs, Hey One person at some point in time. Everybody been one person. That what I'm saying, you can't put your mouth on everybody. Well, not even one person at a time.


I have never ever ever seen nobody start a lawnmower by just pushing it. At some point you got to pull a goddamn string. That's okay. Hey, sometimes they turn by themselves. If you ain't seen them U-turn lawnmowers they got hold on a dime. Do all the work. All you do is just sit up there. They about mouth. Nah, you, you got that ball. You, you, you got to, you got, you can't allow the roads to defeat. You fight The power. We a we, we as men, we are competing against toys, manmade toys. And until you evolve then you're never gonna be able to please the young women that you meeting.


That's all I, that's all I'm trying to get you to see. You gotta try new, you gotta try new stuff Man. I can't look Ocho man, look here man. I know, I know how you feel man. Young. You don't Wanna do it young them young boy. I understand Ocho Hey look here. I understand. I'm aging out. I get that. I'm aging out. Even, even the job board they making you retired 65. Yeah. They Pushing us out Ocho. Yeah, I understand. I'm I about in, in four months. I about to be 57. I don't look, it feel good. Dang.


But You know, I understand. I'm getting phased out. Them younger, them younger guys, them guys in their twenties, early thirties, You know. Yeah. And they, and they, and they and they doing it. They, they, they, they, they are are tricking cars and houses and barking crock bags. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. There's only a, a small, there's a very, very, very, very, very, very small percentage of dudes that can do that. So you ain't gotta Worry about it. I know. But those small percentage of dudes that can do that, they inter that's interested in the type of women that I'm interested in. Okay. That I can't do that. You see what I'm saying? Don't choke. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. Well listen, I mean all, all, all the women are competing for the same goddamn individual.


So it's like, I mean And the thing is, You know, saying it ain't tricking if you ain't trying. Well I can't trick, I can't even try the trick. Okay. I got you. I got you. Now I already know I ain't no trick and treat. 'cause I ain't even put candy. I do Halloween. Ooh, I ain't got that. That's a good one now. Hey listen, listen I got, I got, I got somebody for you, but she about 56 too. Huh? I got somebody for you. She told me to tell before the show started. She told me what The hell we going, what the hell I'm gonna do with a 56-year-old watch Golden Girls. What you scared of man?


Scared of what? You, you, you just said the younger women is kind of like, You know, you don't have a chance with them, so why not? I got I Hey, hold up. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, long as I'm breathing, they breathing I got a chance. I ain't saying it's a good one. You know what I'm saying? I ain't saying it's a good one, but I got a Chance. Right. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. You right. Yeah. Think about it. Even the birth control pill is 99.9. Right. There's a chance that a mishap could happen. Okay? Okay. Okay. No Matter how small it is, Right? You got a chance. Okay, well listen, I'm, I'm gonna pass your number anyway then I'm gonna let her take it from there. See what happens.


Hey man, I was in, I was in Houston. I was in Houston today, Ocho. Oh, I just left Houston last week. I know. Oh boy. Told me the one that took your pictures at the, at the place I saw him, he pulled Up. Oh yeah, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was There. I was out here at, at specs. Ms. Lindy, I know you probably watching, but she was great. Her father started specs, the, the the store and I think they got like, what'd you say? 200 of them Jordan in Texas Specs. I, I went to the signature store man. She was so ocho she was unbelievable. The team, the energy, the vibe. She went back there and had, she went back and drank some of the La Portier and she came back.


That's some good-ish. I like it. But they, they, they were so great. So to the team and the staff at, at specs, thank you guys for the, the great hospitality and everybody, we got an opportunity. Ocho You know me, Jordan got a shopping bag 'cause he gotta buy. I ain't never seen somebody. This man cannot like, You know, I like women go to someplace and they gotta buy something. Right. You are not going to pass a grocery store without Jordan coming out there with a bag of some, he gonna get rotisserie chicken, he gonna get Hawaiian rolls. He gonna get who? Hawaiian Hawaiian rolls. Yeah.


This dude like, he gonna the big nigga like Jordan, you don't even know nobody in Houston. Oh listen, you don't know nobody. If you don't know nobody in Houston, you in the right place to find somebody though. Find Yeah, yeah, yeah. You In the right place to find somebody. Hey, You know what I thought about? Huh? Speaking of finding, speaking of finding somebody, what you think about going on the Golden Bachelor? Who me? Yeah. No, what you mean? But I did, Hey, I, I saw Sherry Shepherd. No. Was it Jennifer Huss to ask Regina Hall about going on the Bachelorette. Okay. What she said? She said, she talking about do they gotta do, she got, do they gotta do a, do they have to kiss a lot of people and she was like rubbing her head like Birdman.


Okay, that's right up your alley there. Huh? Uhuh. You want me? Hey listen. Hey. Huh? You want me to put in a good word? Where Regina Hall for you? Bro? Look here. You don't know no Regina Hall Man. I know Regina Hall. Huh? You know of Regina? No, I know Regina Hall. No, You, if you, you want me to put in a word in for you? No. Why? Why you scared? Oh, Joe, why you and you, you blushing nigga. Even what I do, you can't tell, you can't tell it. Playing right on there with this Nightcap. Hey, people think I got a tattoo or Nightcap tattoo across my chair.


They don't even know I got a hoodie on. Nah man. But it, it's, You know, it's always great. It, it was a very short trip in Houston, but it's always good to come down here. The people are great. Like I said, had a great time in specs. The, at the, the the flagship store here in Houston. Man, I ain't never seen a liquor store like this. Oh, so they got everything. They got a, there's a liquor store with a grocery store, man. They got, they got like, you make sandwiches, they make fried catfish, they got everything. They got cookies, they got pastries, they got a cigar room. I mean I was like diet, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. A cigar room. Yeah, they, well you go buy cigar. It's a big You you're smoking there that now that's my alley.


No.


Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi Father, Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly, we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates, Nate worthy, the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


But it was, it was great. So again, specs, thank you for the hospitality. Now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It is time for q and a. Earl C Hey Unc, I got a signed ball from you today in Houston. Are you ever going to do a memorabilia autograph session? I heard pros have deals with companies that allow them to do autographs with them. I'm thinking about doing something maybe I think in Chantilly, Virginia in April. Chantilly since Chantilly, Virginia. Yeah, since my brother got into the hall. And so I'm thinking about something.


I think I did something last year, a year ago. Normally I only sat do autographs appearances like every seven years. But since my brother going in and they ask, I said, if y'all got something for him, I'll come. So that's dope. That's Live Dark Barn, said Uncle Ocho. Love seeing y'all on First take. I never missed a show. What do you think about the Chargers releasing Joy boa tonight. I never thought he would not be a charger. It's gonna happen. The only reason you don't get cut, you retire before they cut you. Yep. Other than that, everybody e everybody, it's gonna happen to everybody. But you see the injuries, the play has started to decline a little.


And the injury that has started to mound, and when you're making that kind of money, it it, it doesn't add up. So I'm not surprised that this was the outcome. Kevin says, any chance Los Angeles gets a bonus of marketing in the off season? And I'll bet a ball of Shea, my calves go further. Since OCHO won't come off that I don't see him getting marketing because he's a max player. Saboni, I don't see that either. Luca really wants a law threat. He wants somebody that when he goes down, he could throw it up like he could to Li Lively.


Yeah. Like he could to Daniel Gaffer. Like that's why they kind of really wanted Mark Williams because before he flunked the physical, that was a guy with Luke against down there. And you think he's go and he'd throw it and boom, that's really what they need. They got plenty of scoring with LeBron and, and Luca and ar, but no, I don't think there's a chance they give some bonus, some marketing people didn't think there was a chance they could end up with Luca. Really don't put anything past the Lakers at this point in time. Isaiah Lancaster. What's good? UNC and Ocho? Oh, are you, are are your five greatest Lakers? And what's Picker? Ricky, who are your five greatest Lakers and what's Ricky Pearsall's ceiling.


You guys think greatest Lakers Magic. Kareem. Kobe. Ooh, we That's Hardwood. Shaq and Jerry West. Jack. Jerry West. Jerry West. That's five. You, you, you leaving willed off, huh? Damn. Poor Will Elgin. Baylor James Worthy. Sorry. LeBron AC Green. Nah. AC in that category. Yeah. Kareem Kobe. Magic are the easy choices. This, then it gets hard. I think you have to put Shaq up there. Three championships.


Three finals MVPs. An MVP. Yeah. I, I go, I'll go Jerry, I'll go Jerry West. The only man that win finals. MVP of a losing effort. Kera know we Junior said. Oh, my question is, who's the goat when it comes to race? Car driving for me is Dale Earnhardt Jr. Probably the King. Richard Petty. Richard Petty. 200 victories. Seven Daytona, five hundreds. You can make a case for Dale Earnhardt senior. He has seven Winston Cup titles. Not as many. Cut short.


Obviously that tragic accident that claimed his life at Daytona. I like Kale Yarborough. Who else do you think? Oh, Jimmy Johnson. You put Jimmy Johnson in the, the low 48 car. Darryl Darryl Waltrip definitely needs to be mentioned. Buddy Baker, Bobby Allison. But for me it's, it's probably, it's it's probably the king Richard Petty. Thank you. But I think you could make, I definitely think you could make a case for Jimmy Johnson. I definitely think you could make a case for Dale Earnhardt Jr.


Not Dale Earnhardt Jr. Dale Earnhardt senior Jeff Gordon. Yeah, I think, I think those for me. Silver Fox, Sterling Ga Austinson Bill from Dawsonville. I don't think those guys won enough. Fireball Roberts, nah, that's my list all here in dk. One side of Seattle hurts. But why does he feel like this always gonna be a case with him? It's okay that we got a dog and Gino and JSN guys want their money, man.


Yeah. That's it. It's all to come down to And they can't get it. They go wherever they got to to get, Yeah. Somebody gonna pay him. Frank Tank 9 21 Ocho, I love your style. When you step out, what are your top three clothing stores on a budget? Oh, that's easy Target. You could really throw, you could really throw something together. Target at and m Zara Express Men and probably Urban Outfitters. You know, my suits from Zara Express men. I get 'em tailored and once you get 'em tailored to fit, it makes it look as if it's something expensive when it's really not just, You know, once you get it tailored to fit your body, your style, that, that, that's pretty much it.


You know, now every, every so often, You know, this year I'm treating myself and I'm turning up a little bit in the fashion, in, in, in the fashion area. So when this year is over, I'm right back to my old ways Rahan Ash says, Hey Uncle Ocho, what advice would you give someone battling addiction? Well, what kind of addiction? You we need better context. You need to be, I need, I need specifics so I can tell you exactly what you need to do based on whatever the addiction is. Well, normally addiction is a chemical imbalance that you feel you gotta have it. And the urge to have it right is far greater than the urge.


You stand away from it. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I think, You know, people will say, Shannon, you are addicted to work because it's hard for me to turn my mind off. It's hard for me to sit still. It's hard for me to go on vacation. There's a reason I haven't taken one in 30 years. I just can't rest my mind. It's hard for me to sleep peaceful at night. Right. Because I'm constantly thinking about who am I gonna interview next? How do we make Nightcap better? How do I get better at first take? How do, who who would the guess that that my listening and viewing audience want to hear Right? Is just, it's just the con It's, it's the constant of trying to get better and not being satisfied.


So I can just imagine I'm very thankful. I don't have a, a dependency drugs, alcohol, gambling, whatever the case may be. It's hard. It's hard because a lot of times we create this, we create our demons and only you, we can chase 'em away. Because in order for you to, You know, have a drug addiction, you had to have tried it at some point in time. Yeah. You have a, a gambling addiction. You had to bet at some point in time. So whatever the shopping, whatever the case may be, that's what the saying says that we create those demons and we have to chase them away.


And I, it is hard. And I ain't gonna tell you 'cause You know, me trying to just take one day off. I'm still calling even days that we don't work. I'm calling cj Well CJ what do you think about this? Who are the bookers come up with? What, what's on the list? They got a meeting tomorrow. The book has gotta come with 10, 10 lists of guests that could potentially, that we think would be good on Club Shesha. Right. I'm calling Ash. Okay, Ash, what, what, what, what new segment? What can we do? How do we get better at what we do? Cj how can we get better? You know, we added the, the musical performance to kind of make it like Arsenio Hall. I really love what Arsenio Hall did, did so it's just for me.


And I understand and I'm maybe I am addicted to work. 'cause everybody tells me say that's your addiction work. That's what gets you excited. Nothing gets Yeah. Nothing gets you excited. Like work like Nightcap Club Sheha first take, nothing gets you thatcI. Nothing gets you excited like that. Well, I found what I'm passion. I found my passion. This is what I'm passionate about. This is what makes me jump outta bed every day. Okay. This is what makes me limp outta bed every day. Did don't you freeze or did I freeze? No, I'm right here.


Oh. Blessed Assurance says please wish my mom Linda Miller, happy 75th birthday. Happy 75th birthday, Linda. Happy 75th. Hopefully you did something fun. You got taken out to a nice dinner. I got some nice gifts. Kids, grandkids happy but happy birthday Linda, sir. Kates, what's up guys? My question is, why does UR get so much bad rap he's doing, it's being himself. We gotta start something. They gonna always, this nigga is every, every draft every year is always one player. It's always one player.


And the easy target this year, it just happens to be Shado. And I told y'all this, you didn't have a, you couldn't find a flaw with his father. So I'm gonna take it outta his son. Yeah. Whatcha gonna say? I mean, so what was your argument with Dionne? He just, the greatest that played his position, one of the top defensive players to ever play the game. And he went on baseball field and he was good at that. So damn, we ain't have nothing to say. Nothing. First Ball Hall of Famer probably could have been a first ball. He could have been a Hall of Famer in baseball. Had he devoted all of his time to that? Yeah.


Well, couldn't pick on him. Let's get his, let's get his son. They talk, I mean they made it seem like UR was wasn't the only one that didn't throw at the combine. There are a lot of people that didn't do work, do anything at the combine but take the physical and do the interviews. But who do we talk about? Oh, Shiloh ain't get invited to the combine. Like he's the only player that's ever gone to the NFL that didn't get invited. That didn't get invited into the combine. Right. Every week because it make it look, it's, it's gonna click. He got the last name Sanders Every time it come with a territory. And the funny thing about it, he's used to it. He been dealing with it since high school.


Yes. He's been dealing with it at Jackson State. He dealt with it at Colorado. Yep. Now he's dealing with it before the draft. He gonna be fine and he is built for it because he been dealing with it so long and he has the right person on his side. That's all he knows To help him deal with it. Madeline said, do you put sugar? Do you put sugar in your spaghetti? Oh, Spaghetti. No. No. Hell no. Not a spaghetti. No, I'm trying to figure, I I'm trying to think when the last time I had some damn spaghetti. Hold on. Lemme think. Nah, I ain't had no spaghetti in probably 10, 15 years. Maybe longer. I don't eat spaghetti like that. Right. I I'm trying to think lasagna.


Oh I think I might have had some lasagna on the plane but spaghetti. Spaghetti. I haven't had spaghetti ojo. I have spa Man I used to love spaghetti man. When my grandma used to get a get paid on Friday. Yeah at a, She that spaghetti Man, chef Barardi right outta the can put it, warm it up. Oh Okay. Alright. Man, I remember them days nigga. Hey listen, chef Ardi, I had rag ravioli. Yeah. We ain't get no ravioli. Okay. Oh yo. Did y'all put your spaghetti on rice? Nah, nah, we ain't do that. Oh Damn. That was just us. Hell, we were really poor. Damn. Hey we all the way that did that.


You want put spaghetti on rice? I ain't, I ain't never did that one. Hey my say boy, you better get something. Stick to your ribs. Hey rice and bread, you'll get rice and bread with every meal other than breakfast. I mean b Yeah other than breakfast you'll get rice of bread Ocho. Right. Damn. I ain't know that We was the only one. Chad, I'm the only one that did that. Oh my bad. Damn. Don't tell nobody Chad that was between us. So don't be saying man man UNC had put a, a spaghetti on his rice.


I probably should have kept that to myself. I ain't telling y'all is up. Y'all be, y'all be trying to clown me man. Y'all be trying to make me feel bad. Ah.


This concludes this edition of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network.


Today, y'all know me, your favorite on Shannon Sharp, the guy that's holding the King James 50000th career point basketball, the Liberty City legend, the Binger Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. He also has in his possession LeBron James Ball in which he scored 40,000 points. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friends and loved ones to do likewise. Tell 'em to check out UNC and OCHO on Nightcap. Guarantee you they'll come back. Thank you guys for your continue to support your loyalty. We appreciate your eyes, your ears because we can't do this without you.


Thank you very much. Please go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Go check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Let's celebrate the great year of 2025. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by Laer. Now if you cannot find it in a store sitting near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to you. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go check out my media company, she Shea Media, all of its platforms and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything restocked in our Super Bowl show shirts and hacked. The link is pinned at the top of the chat.


So thank you again for joining us. I'm Unc Heath's Ocho, we'll see you tomorrow night. Tomorrow night, The Volume.


Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for everyday of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly, we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose. Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


What's up everyone? Julie Stewart brings Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.