
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch, getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the first time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player, and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Ocho ha now it's time. The Rough Draft. Well, you about you about you about to lose again. I get to go first. Ocho. Oh, whoa. You, you lost. You just, oh, don't do that Ocho Now, you know, we all alternate turns going first. Ocho, why you do that? I mean, listen, if it, when you play, when you play basketball, when you play one-on-one, right? When you play one-on-one and basketball and you make it, you take it, you know, I mean, I'm, that's, I I don't Wanna say that is what we did when I beat your eyes out first when I was winning. Hold On, let me, let me let go to my Rough Draft list real quick.


So if you gonna go first, I need to make sure I'm on point so I can counter whatever it is you do. Okay? Okay. Lemme go to my Rough Draft stuff. Hold on. The, here it is, the most common New Year's resolution. You ready? Ocho? Oh, I, oh, wait, wait, let me go. Lemme go first. No, you're not going first. I'm going first. Okay, go ahead. Because you know, since you a financial guru, I know you would, you a financial guru, right? Ocho? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So what should be by New Year's number one resolution. What? Saving money or something.


Oh, there you go right there. O I'm gonna save money. And you know, you wrong, you definitely wrong the number one New Year's resolution for everybody. And if you notice for those, for those of you in the chat, if you work out a lot, everybody, I'm getting in the gym the first week, the first week of January, everybody got they black ass in the gym. Oh my bad. Okay. Had just cursed. I owe you $20. You Did. I owe you $20 glasses. Ojo. Yeah. Your glasses are on your shirt. Oh, Ojo.


Oh, Man, I'm looking all I'm looking all under the table, man. Come on man. New Year's resolution. Okay, you know what Ocho, we gonna cut down. What are we gonna cut down on? I'm gonna cut down on drinking. Stop drinking, Quit smoking. I'm not gonna go out as much. Ocho. Now that's a lie. That that's a lie. That's, that's a habit. That's, that's hard to break. But that, Hey, go ahead.


My first one was workout more, right? Yes. And I went quit smoking for my second one. Yes. My, my next one. Who up? You up or I'm up? You. Ooh, Stressless. Okay. You know what, Ocho Yes sir. I think me and you both need to do this. We gonna be better people. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a great person. No, no Volunteer.


Give back. Okay. Lying Like I'm lying like a man, a boy. Yeah. You ain't volunteer. What am I gonna do? I'm going to, you know what Ocho Yeah. I'm gonna give, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be charitable. Well, I just said that. I said volunteering, give back. No volunteer. You volunteering or you giving, or you giving charity or you giving the money. Volunteer time. You ain't volunteering. No money. Volunteering and, and giving back is two different things. I'm talking about donating charity. Okay? You talk about your time, Okay. Right? Yeah. Or you wanna, oh, you want to give some money up? You ain't giving no money up. Ocho. Nah, I absolutely not. Definitely not.


I, I, I, I got, I, this, this is a good one. 'cause people always do this when in their, in their New Year's resolutions. 2025. I'm gonna be a new me. Okay? I'm gonna, I'm gonna learn a new skill. I'm gonna learn a new hobby. Okay? And that last, that lasts for maybe a month or two. All these last for a month or two. But, but it, but it look good written out on paper. You know, ocho, what I'm gonna do, Ocho Yeah. I'm gonna spend more time with family and friends. You know what? I'm gonna be more positive knowing Dan, knowing Dan, where you, not you, we, we thrive off negativity in general.


I think you lost this one too. Honestly. No, I think I got this one. Jamal Adams is good, man. Hey, especially Ron that got damn box inside the box. Yes, he was, he was Reed. He was very, very, yes, Yes, always. Listen, He pat the quarterback grade at run. I mean, look it a little stiffer than he wasn't great in pass coverage, but that's okay. Every, everybody is, not everybody is not gonna be Ed Reed. Everybody gonna be Troy, Paulo. Everybody ain't gonna be that Ronnie ain't lot everybody gonna be woody Rod or Charles as they transition from corner to safety. And that's okay. But that's why I'm saying sometimes Ocho Yeah.


And I've gotta do a better job of this. Ooh. Sometimes you gotta, that's, That's the hard, hard part. Hard part. Listen, listen, being that up, you gotta being able to make a decision and then compartmentalize separating the two emotions. Boom. You over here decision, most decisions are made based on emotion. Hey, What happens when emotions are high? Ooh, that's another cool, that's another, that's a far, that's a bar. Where's my damn pen and pad, man? Get it to me again. That's what happen. Get to me again, man. Get it To me again. Every, every whatever, when emotion is high, logic is low.


Every dec look, every decision. Trust me, I've analyzed everything that I've done and I played the scenario what I did. What could I have done differently? What should I have done differently? I'm learning, Shannon, take the emotion outta it. Sometimes people that are saying these things, they're saying just to get their reaction. Look, I got Shannon Sharp to say this. I got UNC to say that. And they, they, they don't, they don't root for you. And that's the thing that you have to understand Ocho, right? Everybody that show up on your timeline isn't for ocho.


Right? Everybody that's on my timeline isn't for Shannon Sharp. And you have to like, you know what, A lot of times now, like I said, y'all, they say stuff. I see it, right? I'm gonna let y'all rock. I'm gonna let y'all have it. If y'all, y'all win, y'all wanna response. I respond to the ones like, look, this is what I saw. This is why I said this, this is why I said that. Right? But I'm not going back with no negativity. Life is true. Like God has put me in this position right here in a position that I didn't think I would be in as fast as I am. And I'm not so sure. Like, I gotta know, I gotta pray. And sister, I know my grandma said stayed up a many a night on a knee and God heard prayers I didn't even know he was listening to.


I'm not fitting to go back and forth with people that don't have Shannon, Shar best interest in mine. I know who they're right. That's my team. I've surrounded myself with some really good people. Everybody, everybody moving forward has gotten vetted. Ash, hey, she knows that's her responsibility. She does the hiring. CJ has that right? I let, I let them run what they're supposed to run. I'm normally the third or the fourth smartest guy in the room. And I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that. But they know they have the responsibility. I trust them. I sincerely trust them. I said, I hired you for a reason.


I said, you and my first hire, hell I hired Ash. She like, what we Shannon, what we gonna do? I said, I don't know, right? She said, I, well, if you don't know, I I'm still going. She had a job at Fox and she left to come with me. I'm paying out my pocket. That's lying. Yeah. I'm paid out my pocket. Cj the same thing he said, he said, all I need, you gonna gimme benefits. Cj, I got you. But CJ left. I told Jordan, he's like, Hey boss, I don't know. I said, look right, you can't take no damn pictures from Cincinnati. So if you come to LA I'll have to find somebody else.


Yeah. Oh, come on, on my way. I dunno how he got there. You drove a U-Haul, did you? Oh, you had your stuff. He had your stuff shipped. But yeah, we put this team together and hey, it is been onward and upward since, yeah, it is been on onward and upward since we've hired a lot of pe we've hired a lot of people for Nightcap. We have a lot of people that's doing a lot of great things. And so Ocho I just had to learn, Hey, take it on the chin. Just take it on a, the group turns like Shannon, you can't, sister's like Shannon, why you try to fight every battle?


Why you try to fight every battle? It's okay With God. Hey, you know what? And especially in relationships and it is more so the women, I think things would be much easier if they chose their battles wisely. Everything don't have to ev ev everything. Don't have to. You gotta pick and choose. You don't have to address everything. Not every damn thing. Come on. Sometimes, sometimes even in a relationship, the individual, the female or the male can be paralyzed because they're so afraid that somebody might not out there. What am I gonna do? Yeah, I know he don't pay for, I know he beat on me. I know she cheat on me.


I know this, but I am I gonna be able to find somebody else? Yes sir. You get paralyzed by that because you overthink said situation on, I, I refuse to be in a situation like that. I refuse to, I am not going to let you hold me hostage. Come on, pastor. Because I don't see it right now. Something on the other side. Right? Because the jets cannot see, well, who's the quarterback right now that we could definitively say? Are you saying that there's somebody out there that can be worse? I mean, are you telling me, you mean to tell me you can't find somebody out there? Yeah. That can go five and 11. I mean five and 12. That can go six and 10.


Right? That can go seven and seven and what, nine and eight? Yeah, There. Yeah. You, they, you, you got to be kidding me. They're not no quarter of a chat. Tell me if I'm wrong. Do y'all believe that there's another, there's not another quarterback out there that can do what Rogers did this year. Now if you tell me you gonna gimme 20 20, 20 21, Roger, bring it there without, Without him. But that guy Ocho, that guy, you would be in the playoffs. But he's not that guy anymore. He is like the old, the old actors, actresses. Where's my closeup, Mr.


Dil? There is no Closeup. I mean, it's, it's, yes, sir. Dr. Frankie l Bella. Man. Hey guys. Just checking in to say hello with the New Year, round the corner. What's the game playing for 2025? Any big resolutions or goals? No. My only resolution, I ain't chasing lies. I'm gonna let y'all have it. Mm. Whatever y'all say I am. Whatever y'all say I did what? Intentional or unintentional? Whatever you say I'm done. My grandma told me, they said, boy, never chase a lie. Mm. I just know now. I just see it. I see what y'all right. When I don't comment it go away. I ain't had no, I ain't giving y'all no more content. Produce all the content you want, but you will not get me following up. I'm done.


That's my my only resolution. Okay. 24 was great for us. 24 was one of the best years. Yeah. Yeah. I had some setbacks. Yeah, I had some ups and downs, but it's been one of the best years. 25 is gonna be even better because it's gotten off. Ooh. It's already gotten up to a great start. We got show, we're gonna have the tour. Hey, we better understand how to do the tours. It's gonna be bigger and better. We're gonna go to more cities. But that's it. That's my only resolution. I am not, I am not chasing a lot. So I let y'all say what all y'all say. I, I see it. Do I see it? If I don't see it, somebody send it to me. Yeah. Lie, lie, lie. I ain't chasing it though. I'm not gonna respond to it. Go ahead, Ocho. So my, My New Year's resolution is, is to, to not curse as much.


You know, I'm, I'm in, I'm in therapy. I'm, I'm in counseling right now. I, for my cursing, I like, I like cursing. Chad, you, you have to listen to me on why I like cursing. I feel that cursing is a citizen enhancer. You know, it's no different than when you cook and you add seasoning, it gives it flavor. So if I say unc, you know what, UNC? Man, you dog man, I love you man. You see that sounds good. But if I say, Hey, you know what man, I fucking love you. It's, it's, there's a difference in meaning and delivery and the way you say things. That's why I think curse words is so important. But I think I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try to trim back on it a little bit. I'm gonna trim back on it a little bit and that's, yeah, Good luck with that Resolution.


Alright, good luck with that. We're gonna get a lot of money. I mean, Harbaugh's gonna grow a believable job. Yeah. I think that answer your question, coach of the year, I mean, he's gonna be in the look, I think he's going to be in the running. I think you gotta put Kevin O'Connell in the running. Who else? Obviously Campbell, he's in the running. But this team for what they've been able to do, they got 10 wins, could possibly get 11. I don't think anybody be surprised if Jim Harbaugh one coach of the year, but there's some other worthy candidates.


Like I said, you mi you look at a Dan Campbell, you look at a Kevin O'Connell, Mike Matt LeFleur. Yeah. I think Sean Payton deserves to get some credit also. Yeah. For what? The job that he's done with the Broncos. But man, Jim Harbaugh, his ability to coach there. You can't deny his ability to coach. You might not. And harb it's time, bro. You got that, you got that hip replacement or knee replacement walk. You see how you, Hey, I, right. See, I ain't telling you what I'm telling you because I had that walk. My brother had that walk. I saw sap, you know that walk, if you've had replacement, a knee hip replaced, you know the walk, when you see it, he, he gonna have to get one of 'em.


He gonna have to get one of 'em done soon. Because I know, I know he, yeah. You in the game and all that standing boy, everything hurt when I hit my hip. I'm standing, walking, sleeping, sticks, walking. I mean, like, I'm like, well damn. Is there anything I can do that Don't put that I'm not afraid. Yeah. You know what you could do relieve to relieve that now, Man. Anytime you have horizontal activity, you can take a Tylenol, take two Tylenols. Now it, it relieve I did three four. Well, I was taking three or four Advil. 200 milligram. Okay. That is okay. Yeah. Yeah.


I don't know how many milligrams it was. Yeah. Oh, because boy, I was in extreme pain. I, and I, I, I remember thinking myself, man, I can see how people get hooked on, on narcotic. I see what you mean. I see what you Mean with the pain that I'm in right now. Oh boy. I'm talking, I'm talking about on, well, you know, you go to the dog Ocho and they ask, you say, okay, what's your level of pain on a scale of one to 10? It's a 10. Oh, it's a 12. I'm boy ocho I'm talking about, I'm talking about crying. I'm talking about going in the bathroom. And you, you think they think you cleaning up, you crying. Right. You crying because that, that level of pain cut your hip. Right. Right, right, right, right.


You know what I'm saying? Don't you know, Hey, you know, hey, you know me. I Yeah, You, I gotta walk around Here. Here you go. Hey, hey, hey. Make make, make a touch every mother corner in the house. Now you hear me? You done need, sometimes I hear the knee come up from there. Oh, oh, oh. You still sha you still sha I have to play that in my head. Do you know who you let know you? Okay. But I'll be, Hell no. And that's the same thing.


Right? But How we talk about we younger, the things we could do when we're younger on the, when you get older in your mind, you do what You can do. Yeah. But you just can't, you just can't execute it the right way when you get older. Same, same concept. No, I mean I, I I'm still as adventurous, but I think the world done got smaller for me. You know what I'm saying? I think that's what it's OI think that's what it's, I still see it beyond the rising. It's, it's funny how that works. I ain't, I ain't, listen, I, I ain't ain got that place yet. I have, I I haven't got to that place yet. And, and I, I, I thank God and I pray. I, I pray as, as I have a birthday coming up in, in a week and a half.


Hey, listen, as, as the, as days, That's go, that's the man. Keep it help. I know my time is coming. I, I, I know, I know it's coming. You know where, but things don't work the way they used to. I'm, I'm not able to, to to, what's the word? I may, I'm may, I'm not able to hit the intersection the way I used to hit the intersection. Sometimes I might have to use my blinker. Before, I never used to use my blinker. I used to just go, Yeah, hey, sometime Ocho look here. You just get in that slow lane, the right lane and just stay there. Go ahead and put your blink on when you leave the house. Just know at some point in time Ocho, you gonna have to turn right. Just go ahead and put your blink on you in the slow lane.


Come on by. Come on by. Hey, hey. I had a aunt. I had an aunt. She, hey, she put that blink on as soon as you get on the road, stay in that right lane. Like, damn, we ain't gonna ever get there. I know, I know. People mad because you ocho you hate that you behind somebody. They got their blink on and you think they going turn and they done go on another six, seven miles and blinker still back. Cut that blink off. I, I know. Get your ass outta the way. But sometimes when it comes to that guy, that position is the intangibles. Yeah. Is what, is what you cannot see. I know he has the arm. I know he has legs. I know he can make plays in and outta the pocket. But that's not where Tom Brady was measured.


That's not where a lot of the greats are measured. It's the intangibles is what you cannot measure because you cannot see it. I'm te i i I ain't telling what somebody tell you because I, I'm really good friends with guys that pick players for a living and do a damn good job. I don't know if y'all know this, this guy named Ozzy Newsome, y'all might have heard of him. His first draft pick ever was the first ball of Hall of Famer. His second draft pick ever was the first ballot hall of famer. Yeah. I don't know if y'all might have heard him. Jonathan Ogden and Ray. I Remember Ray, I used to Run both on the All Century used. I used to punk Ray all the time. Yeah. Yeah. And guess what Ed Reed man, he first ballot legends is legends this year.


Yes. And guess what? Marshall Yonder, he's a hall, he's a finalist this year. He drafted Lamar Jackson. I'm telling you now, Ozzy's a little bit is, look, Ozzy understands the environment of a Raven and what it's like to be a Raven. Ozzy's one of the few guys that he really doesn't hold, like a lot of teams ocho hold. Like you have something like you gotta, you gotta, oh, he gotta name what Ozzy do. Yeah. Ozzy let, I'm telling you how Ozzy newsom is. Ozzy say, you know what we get be You just be, you go play football, be you.


We ain't trying to get you to conform to anything. We play hard. We play tough. Yeah. We, we, we come to work every day. That's why they got the phrase play like a raven. But that's, for me, it was a bad look. It's gonna be very interesting when they get him in the room and they ask him, and I'm sure everybody's gonna ask him the question. They're gonna ask a lot of these guys. 'cause a lot of times people, yeah, just like your parents ask you a question they already know the answer to. They just wanna see if you gonna lie. They already know. Or sometimes your girl, so, so who is such and Such, Hey, you know, and the first thing you gonna say, they already know Who such and such is. Who? Wait, let me see who, who, but listen, hey, there's things you don't wanna hear from your old lady.


Boy, your heart drop is, who is this? And we need to talk. Who is this? And we need to talk. We in the you, you get the, you get to backtracking and thinking about, well, damn, that ain't do. You started thinking, well, how much does she really know? Does she really know? She's speculating because you know, women got great tuition. Now. Me, I got, I got four words. I don't want, I I, you know. Wait, what? Talk to me. I heard it, I heard it like three times. Shannon. Oh, I'm pregnant. Yo, I just heard that.


Are you Damn. Yeah. Better heard the three words, don't you? I said, Lord, have mercy. Mercy. Jesus. Oh man. Listen, I, I, when I, when I look back at it, when I looked back at it, What tell you Ocho So where were you when first time you heard Chad? Well, You know what I, I, I, there was a method to my, my madness. I was, it was a, yeah, because they, they, oh, you were Shooting up the club Intently, huh? You know, and, and people might, it might be frowned upon based on the way I did things is I wanted to have kids, not only with women that were athletic, but I also wanted to make sure that with women, that, that I knew before I even made it.


I need people from where I come from, from my struggle, from my, my same background. So there were no issues. And, and the understanding that the child came first. And if our union doesn't work out, there will be, there will be no vindictive nature, you know, in, in, in, in, in reasoning to, to, to do the things that you see others that have no true interests or genuine interest. Some people do. Yeah. In general, outside of what they can get. Am I making sense? Yeah. So I mean, listen, I, I wanna add, I wanna athletic baby. So if, if, if, if we were going to lay down in any way horizontally or vertically, I need to, I need to see some high school footage.


Can you run, are you athletic? I take you to Dave and Buston. Can you roller skate? Did you play volleyball? Were you a cheerleader? Did you run track? Did you do anything athletic? If you did, that gives me an advantage with my DNA and yours. That gives my child a competitive advantage right away. Well, I, well, I guess, I guess I should have did that, but they was quick to cut them lights off. So that worked for me. I don't know. I don't know if they could run around the Trang on Cho. I ain't no nigga hit a softball shoot, a basketball play kickball, Frisbee, whatever else, cheerleader. I don't know what they did, but they were real quick cutting the lights off, so hell seemed like it.


Yeah. Yeah. He done charge you 1200. So add another 1800 and shoot me my three. Now, now I know you got it. Yeah. See, I thought you were, I thought you was hurting a little bit. Now that I know you got it. Nah, nah. Oh, you ain't hurting Shit. Hurt, hurting. Only thing hurting him. Only thing hurting him my heart. Now I sold that back together. Oh. I was, I gotta write that down. Only thing hurting is my heart not to sold that back together. Okay. Oh yeah. You know, you don you know, man, you know you, you better now. I mean, Hey Chad. There was a stretch right there. Boy. I thought we lost it. I was good. I was good. It it, I thought we lost it. I was Good.


Now, if it was, if, listen, listen. If it was something wrong with me, this is the place where I'm safe. And me being someone who don't give a fuck about, about what people say about me, I have no problem being vulnerable. Especially on this platform. Especially with you. Yeah. I be, yeah, I ain't Got no problem. I came in, I thought I, Hey unc, put my arm Rob boy and say, Hey, what's the matter? Ocho Life's affiliated you here one day on the next. But you know, hey, you pull through, you pull through. Hey, every time, hey listen, hey, you know how you start a lawnmower, right? You gotta keep yanking that bitch till the start. Yeah.


That's how I, that's how life is. Sometimes you, sometimes you gotta get It take a little longer to get going than others. Yeah. Sometimes you gotta beg a little longer. Sometimes you gotta beg a little louder sometimes. Sometimes you gotta beg a little louder. Huh? Come on now. But then you, then you, then you gotta be careful. Now this is what you gotta be careful now. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very conscious. Oh, because I'm seizing. You hear me? Huh? Yeah, I'm seizing. I got a little salt and pepper on me. I got experience in the game. So what happens? See, I gotta stay woke. I gotta stay woke. I ain't no fool. One thing about it, sometime when you beg right, they're really not who they want to be with. So when you beg your way back in there, sometimes they'll play the long game.


You hear me? Stay with me. I'm not talking about my situation. I'm just talking about in general for anybody else out there that might might be having problems and they begging an individual to come back, sometimes they'll come back to you. Right. Simply because who they really want ain't really ready. So they're like, well fuck it. I'm gonna come back and go to him until the person I really want ready until they ready. They like to play the long game. So you gotta be careful. Yeah. Huh? Yeah. Chad, y'all stay with me now. Now I'll tell you I got 50, I have 53 years of horizontal experience and 56 years of dating experience. So I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know 'cause I done been through it. I ain't say he deserved. I said he would've earned Every penny The contract that he's gonna receive.


Now you could have paid him, but you didn't. You let the price, you let the price of gold. You let the price of lemme let the price of oil get high. Now You know what matter, lemme tell you Mercy, What the prostitute told me back in 1987, yesterday's price ain't today's price. What'd she Tell you? Huh? It it, it went up Because who hard got gone up? She caught me. Right. I ain't had, I had $5 on. Right. Then I got paid two days later and she knew how I got paid. Yeah. You know what? She hit me with yesterday's price. Yeah. You coulda got it for five, but I know you got money it gonna cost you Cost. And plus I done cleaned up a little bit.


Yeah. Cost you for 20. Yeah. Little 20. But you gotta think it's 1987. That's Yeah. Yeah. That that a little something. They, I mean, you know, they putting it out like that. They need, they little hit little fix and keep it moving. Yeah. Yeah. Yesterday ain't today NFL viewership of Christmas Day game peaked at 27 million. During the Beyonce halftime performance for the Texan Ravens NFL game cast reached a record breaking 65 million viewers in the us. I know LeBron said, Hey, I know LeBron said he loved NFL football, but Christmas alone to basketball. But, but no, it don't. No it don't.


You could take Jackson, you could take Jacksonville the Giants and put them on Thursday and you put them on head to head against absolutely any NBA game. And they're all absolutely One. It's not for one with the NBA, it ain't got playoff time. Let's, let's start. I don't care if it's playoff time. Ain't nothing touching. No, ain't nothing touching the n What was the, What was the, the viewers when, when Beyonce was performing? Man, 27 million a halftime. That's Oh, Oh. She a That gotta tell me. Gotta gotta remember now. I used to be a backup dancer for Beyonce about 10 years ago, so I already know what she can do.


So I understood what the performance was gonna look like. 27 million. That ain't nothing for Beyonce. You hear me? We talk about the greatest performer. We talking about the greatest lack performer since Michael Jackson. And anybody wanna argue left? We could argue about that. Now there are other great performers and entertainers out there, but we talk about the greatest of all time outside of Michael Jackson. And I'm willing to argue the fact She go. But the thing is, the thing that I love about Beyonce, Beyonce ocho, is I know what I'm gonna get every, I'm gonna get consistency. She gonna give me two hours and it's gonna be nonstop every time. And it's gonna be, she gonna do what she do. Every that's, that's all, that's all I can ask for. I don't care if you see her in Sweden.


I don't care if you see it in in the staples. I don't. Well, she can't do staples. I don't care if you see her at at at South SoFi. I don't care if you see a Mercedes-Benz do. Yeah. I don't care if you Caesar at Caesar's in New Orleans. I don't care where you see this woman. I know what I'm going to get when I see Beyonce. The Means Know, you know the problem most of the time it don't matter how much Beyonce ticket costs. What? It don't matter. 'cause it's worth the price of fucking admission. 'cause you know what you getting? You ain't just getting Yeah. Beyonce. You getting, it's all about an experience. It's an experience. It's an experience that you're gonna be able to talk to years from now.


You be able to tell your grandkids about when Michael Vick played in Atlanta, it wasn't about no football game. Man. Talk about an experience when you go watch Beyonce. It's an experience. Yeah. And you don't understand it. Watching videos on Twitter. Yes. You won't understand that watching videos on you gotta be there in person. Yeah. You gotta see her Gotta what it's all about. And until you do that, you'll never get it. Yeah. Yeah. I, I I'm, I I I wish I wish of all things I could've done. Yeah. I could've seen Janet when she was at her height because a lot of people tell me Janet did was in her bag.


We know Michael look, and this is not a disrespect on anybody, but until somebody can come out on stage and don't move a muscle for 13 to 15 minutes and people start fainting. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Don't talk to me. Hey, you know, I, I had, I had a few faint over me in kindergarten now. Yeah. Don't put nothing past down, But be honest. Be Look, I know what I'm gonna get. And that's what you, that's what you hope for with anything you hope for consistency. And she did her thing last night, cowboy Carter. I didn't know a whole lot of a song. Yeah. I mean, I know like a few of her songs. I know the routine Jolene Man, stop playing.


Yeah. When they brought out what you call it, what she brought on her daughter. I like to see that. Yeah, I know, I know. The whole routine. Shoot. We talking about Cowboy. Come on The Man Cowboy o Show shit. The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And We're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Pac on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the I Am Rap Report stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.


Hi, this is Alex Kitz. I'm the host of Big Technology podcast, a long longtime reporter and an on-air contributor to CNBC. And if you're like me, you're trying to figure out how artificial intelligence is changing the business world and our lives. So each week on big technology, I bring on key actors from companies building AI tech, asking where this is all going. They come from places like Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon, and plenty more. So if you want to be smart with your wallet, your career choices, and at dinner parties, listen to big technology podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.