
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


A Designer shoe warehouse, we believe that shoes are an important part of well Everything. Everything from first steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all time personal vests. From building pillow forts to building a life, building new life For all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. V-S-W-S-W is there, is there. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with Refresh Opti Omega-3. A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with an active ingredients like flaxseed oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh Optive Omega-3 is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Fine. Refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now, get five Scotts Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 28 Mulch. Shopper excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details,


The volume you. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. The Western Conference Finals got under underway and what was a very close game at the half the OKC Thunder runaway with it in the second half and win by 26, 1 14 to 88. Shaa was sensational again, but he got contribution from Chet holing Jaylen Williams and Isaiah Hartenstein as they win one 14 to 88.


Y'all know me, I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Lord help him. Liberty. Liberty City is on, although he's not in Liberty City. Now I'm at, Hey, I'm at work. I'm in Houston work. I I know exactly where you are. Okay. Being a ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And joining us tonight, it's been a while since I talked to the gentleman. We go back to our Denver days. I'll ride first. He arrived shortly after me, so we go way, way back. Nick De Quick University, he's one of the, well, I think 10 players that have their number retired for the University of Cincinnati, Laker, Grady, the All Stars. 13 years in the NBA, Nick Van X for Nick.


Thanks for joining us tonight, man. We appreciate that man. Appreciate y'all having me, man. But I I I gotta get something off my chest, man. Okay. Alright, let's get through this and we'll let you get it off your chest, okay? Okay. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you sincerely, everybody at Nightcap, especially OCHO and I for all the support, all the continued support and the loyalty that you've shown us through the first two years of this podcast. Thank you very much. Because of you, you allow us to be us and do great things. So thank you so much again for your support. Make sure you check out Shea ba la Portier. We do have it in stock. Now.


If you cannot find Shea by Laport in a store, a city or a state near you, ordered online, we'll ship it directly to your door. Best tasting VSOP Cognac on the market. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out are in my, and the link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited. So once the supplies are gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last thunder beat the Wolves. SGA in game 1 31 points five rebounds, nine assists, three steals. The first 30 point game of the Western Conference Finals by a thunder player since KD in 2016 points in the paint thunder.


54 T Wolves 20. Nick, as I mentioned earlier in the re in the lead in this was a very close game at the half and, and then the second half is like the thunder stepped on the gas and made, made the Wolves play for every time they turned the ball over, they made them play the ultimate price they cashed in, they let laying it up, they got fo they making threes. What is it that's, how are the thunder able to do this? They like get able to get to a gear and seemingly other teams can't keep up with them. I think tonight, You know, I think Minnesota played right into their hands and Minnesota kept the ball above a free throw line pretty much the whole night.


So it was easy for, for OK C's defense to play boxes and elbows. So anytime they had the ball up top, You know, they, they, they're looking at three defenders, a guy on the ball and two, You know, at the elbows and they had no driving lanes and, and they didn't cut. So anytime somebody put the ball on the ground, You know OKC got active hands, Extra hands, They, they gonna get deflections and, and that those deflections normally turn into steel. So I think You know that that first game is the field game. You know, they got, they gonna figure it out as, as far as what adjustments they need to make both teams. But Minnesota gotta move the ball and they gotta change their offense a little bit.


Yeah, 'cause I'm looking at, they only had two guys in double figures and was five or 13, three of eight from the three. Julius Randall was great again, 28 points, he was nine of 13 from the floor, five or six from the three point line, five or six from the free throw line. He had 28 big points. But you got seven points from McDaniels, two points from Rudy Gobert, seven points from Mike Conley. Like I said, only two players in double figures and when you got the opposing team, they got four players in double figures. That leaves a lot. That leaves a lot for you to try to make up from your bench. And if you look at it, OKC has the better of the two benches. So now you're gonna really need to rely heavily on your starters in order for you to have a chance to win this game. Ocho, you looking at the timber Wolves, I know you like the timber Wolves and ant man, what disappointed you most about what you saw from the OKC thunder tonight?


Obviously from the thunder, I mean, excuse me, the deep Wolf tonight. The W about the Wolves. Yes. Well first off offensively, right? Every, everybody, the game started off very slow. Obviously Juli Randall had a good first half, but I need a man to be a little bit more aggressive offensively the rest of the team collectively as a group. I'm not talking about the bench, I'm talking about the starters. Before we even get to the bench, I need offensively, I need them to have better movement. You know, it seemed like everybody was very stagnant standing in one place. I understand the pick and roll, but it nothing seemed like it was flowing smoothly and they weren't working as a unit, You know, cohesively outside of that. Listen, the thunder deal, what they needed to do defensively, they smothered them and it seemed like every shot, Nick, I know I'm not tripping every shot that the wolf tried to take it, not only was it contested, it seemed like it was difficult, difficult for them to even get a goddamn shot off.


Yeah, It was. Yeah. I'm looking At every time they put the ball Before, before you go Nick, I'm looking at do had, Julius Randall had 13 shot attempts. Aman had 13 shot attempts. Nas Reed was one for 11, Dizel was three of 14. Nikhil Alexander Walker was three of 11. That's not nearly enough shot attempts for your two best players, y'all in the low teens, 13 and 14 and 13 and 13 respectively. And you got two ro you got bench players. That's getting more shots than you guys. They're definitely gonna have to change the game plan and do something differently. Like you said, Julius Randall played really, really well tonight, but Ant man, they'll need, they're gonna need two or three guys to come along with Julius Randall if Randall's gonna continue to play this well, and I don't see any reason why he's not, because they don't have anybody on the opposing team that can take it.


He's too big of a body. He's too strong, he's too powerful. He's hitting his three point and when he puts three point shot and when he puts the ball on the floor, who can stop him? But nobody, when you look at this, when you look at this nick and you see a team, they held him to 35% from the three, two from the floor, 29% from the three point line. You are not beating OKC with those percentages. Well You're not gonna beat OKC with that, with that offense. That's, that's one. So their offense was so predictable, okay, OC just, just loaded up on 'em. So I'm, I'm watching that game and they're gonna have to find a way to get Anthony Edwards out of the corners more, You know what I'm saying?


Okay. Coming up and then getting downhill, him playing at the top of the court with, with two guys on this side waiting up. It's not gonna work. And they're, they're, they, they got a good enough coach, they're gonna go watch film, they're gonna make adjustments and all of that. Like with those guys getting those extra shots with Conley and Zo and they, with them getting those it is, that's not a problem because tonight they forced them to take those shots. Right, okay. They force them because they said an you not gonna beat this an especially with you just playing in one spot on the court, they gotta move them around a little bit, get 'em in better spots. And you, I saw the second half or OKC, what they did, they started coming outta the corners, getting more ball movement, creating a single side a little bit easier, and they was able to get easier shots.


So once, once they look at, at the film Coach fence is pretty good to make that adjustment. So game one, You know, OKC held, held, served, but I think Minnesota will come back. Game two. Go ahead. O So what was your point you wanted to make? Yeah, I all, I was gonna say, like Nick said earlier, obviously it's it's game one. You, you want to, to me really win game one for me, obviously being and being a Ws fan and really going for the Wolves to win this game is probably gonna go to seven. I hate the fact that it did lose it to me. It kind of puts you behind the eight ball. But again, like when boxing the first four rounds, what's the first thing you gotta do, Nick? You know, you feel your person out, you see what they like to do. Try to find a rhythm. Find, try to find a tempo.


Trying to find what works for you and what doesn't. The fact that the Wolves lost it kind of, it kind of, it, it got me a little antsy, a little upset, but I think we gonna be all right next time. Ant obviously 13 shots wasn't enough. Julius Adrenal was very efficient and the rest of the team collectively besides the fuck the bench, excuse my language, forget the bench. The starters need to, need to do what they need to do before the, we even worry about the bench, even though not to have a better bench than the Wolves. I mean you got ju rem has 28, the rest of the guys that played has 60. You're not, you're not beating OKC with two guys in double figures. That's not gonna happen. Points in the paint. Thunder 54 Wolves, 20 Aman was scoreless in the fourth quarter and I thought they did.


Look, I thought they did a good job on Shaa. Shaa had 31 points, but it took him 27 shots to get those. Nick. So, hey I, I'm cool, I'm cool. I I'm making him work for everything that he's getting. Jalen Williams seven to 18, I can live with that. I can live with that. But if I'm gonna make their two best players be that inefficient, well that means I need to be efficient. I need to take better care of the ball. Because like you now, when you playing at the top of the key, you got shape who's top three in steals, you got Lou Dork on ball can defend, you got Jalen Williams can defend you, bring in Carson Wallace that can defend you. Bring in Wiggins that can defend you. Bring in is Isaiah Joe that can defend you got Chad the hard stein that can protect the rim.


You better get some cut. I'm talking about some hard cuts. I ain't talking about those little lazy ass cuts. I'm talking about some hard cut diving. Hey, pick it and getting down the hill in a hurry because if you don't, they're gonna leave you around. You're gonna stay around the three point line and then, hey again, 51 threes. That's not the timber Wolves game. 51 threes is not their game. I have another thing. Are are either one of you worried I'm, I'm not really worried. I'm just saying about Ant tweaking his ankle just a little bit. I think that might have affected him as far as his shooting and being efficient as well. Not really able to play the game. He really wanted to play after messing it, hurting and hurting himself a little bit. I'm sure he probably went in there, got it wrapped up, maybe, maybe took a shot, whatever they needed to do just so we can get back in the game.


Do you think that's gonna affect him the rest of the series A at any point? I don't, I don't think he will. I think he'll be all right. He get, he get that day off tomorrow. So whenever they play again, I think he'll be fine. Bo Punk said, man, they gotta move their rock man and they gotta play faster. You know what I'm saying? Yes. They, if, if they hold KC the one shot, they gotta get that thing up to court and they gotta go, they gotta create easier opportunities. If not, they gonna be playing half court and if that And you playing 5 0 4 'cause Rudy Gobert is not an option for you. Yeah, yeah, Just, just, but, but he need to get every goddamn rebound and, and I, I let that thing like Kurt Ram and Kevin Love and let's go, He had a guy played 21 minutes, he's seven foot two inches tall.


He had three rebounds tonight. He only had three more rebounds than me. And I got on, I got on this, what I had on this, what I had on the whole game right here. He had three more rebounds than me in these. So, so this is what I say about that because he's always in a health position, right? So he's always coming up to the free throw line or the smiley face. So he's out of position of rebound. So I I and in his defense, I give him that Hell, they miss 41 shots. He got, they missed 41 shots and, and, and you missed 50, missed 54 shots. So there's 93 shots that you had a chance to get a rebound and you only got three of the 90, the 91 3.


Damn Nick, I, I just gave you the best, the best description I can to help You man. Now see, which you want me to do. Hey, hey, You know what another issue is also for that, for the wolf, as you get further into the playoffs, obviously the teams you play, they get much better. Yeah. So not only do the Wolves need to do better, shooting efficient efficiently, and Julius Randall obviously was good tonight, but the supporting cast, including Anthony Edwards, who I say still I will keep saying is the face of the NBA, but Minnesota, they got to you pay, you pay double for your turnovers as well. Double free your turnover, especially in a game like this. When you have a team, when SGA can go off, even though they kind of smothered him in the first half, he didn't really, he didn't really get going.


He had 31, but hell, it took him 200 shots just to get a 31. But they got 11 turnovers on offense and capitalized on, on a, on the, on the board as well. Yeah, they had 17 turnovers, but three of 'em came from, but 12 of them came from three players. Drew Randall had five, McDaniels had three and Aman had four. Now I'm not really concerned because like Julius Randall and, and, and, and Ant gonna have turnovers because they handle the ball. They're your primary ball handlers. So they gonna probably be three, probably four game. It would be nice if they kept it to three or under, that would be nice. But they're really not true point guards. And so they're gonna have, they're gonna have turnover. That Jew gonna get a cup of charging.


He going get a, he gonna get a walk because he going, he forget that it is, it is right foot to pivot and he gonna pivot back to the left and then he gonna try to dip up under you and they gonna, and he's like, yeah, yeah, but we, we got you bro. But Nick, you said something very interesting. You said they need to play faster, they need to play fast, but they don't need to be in a hurry because if you play in a hurry, you gonna play right in the OOKC hands and now they're getting the ball out and you, like you said, when they turn the ball over, you gotta realize you got three guys at the top, you turn it over, they gone. They ain big. That's not hartenstein, that's not che hungry. You got three guards at the top, you turn it over, they get a deflection and two three dribbles there at the rim.


Easy basket E easy basket, easy basket. I I, I thought, I thought, like you said, I thought they played, they played right into OKC hand. This game was very, very close. I said okay, we might have a game because I was hoping after game seven, it used to be o game seven, game seven, man, game seven been being blowouts lately. So that being said, now let's go back to our originally scheduled programming. I thought we were gonna have a really good game, Nick. I really did. At the half they were playing really well and then with like four minutes into the third quarter, OKC stepped on the gas and what was a, a a four point lead for Minnesota. All of a sudden, all of a sudden turned into a three point lead for OKCA seven point lead and next thing You know, it's 12.


Yeah, yeah, I, I saw a quick adjustment though in, in, in the second half from the first half. And that was from OKCs offense. They, okay, they moved the ball at a different position as, as the start. So the whole game, Minnesota's offense started out so high out on the court and they never adjusted. OKC was pretty much playing the same way in the first half, but the coach, coach went in, made some adjustments, started the offense a little bit, You know, from the top to the corner, then back up to the top and they created a little bit more space then guys, once you get that space, man, you're able to knock down them open shots in, in Minnesota, they never had space all night. It was always fog up for those guys.


They gonna get, first of all, they're gonna contest everything because they got, because at at worst case scenario, you going to have three defenders on the court. I didn't even mention Caruso who might be arguably their best defender. When you look at him and what he does as far as taking trap charges as far as the perimeter guard, the big, it does not matter. We saw what the nu what he did with Yolk. They played a old boxing one. Nick, I can't remember when was the last time you saw a boxing one? It had to be high school, but they played a boxing one primarily the entire game. And he did an unbelievable job yolk would feel for him on his left. And the next thing You know, he's already in front of him going for to the right.


He feel, touch him on the right now he's back to the left. He did a great job of that. And so when you look at what OKC has of their 12, 13 guys that primarily played, six of them can defend at an extremely high level. Yep. You are not gonna find that anywhere else in the NBA when you could come off the bench and you got four guys that can defend at an elite level and they can defend at the wing position, which very few teams have wing defenders, everybody. I want a three and D guy. How many three and D guys they got, they got Caruso, they got Williams, they got Dork, they got Wallace, they got Wiggins. They, I mean they, they're loaded at that, that position.


And you got two big guys that will protect the rim. They rebounded, understand their job to the fullest. Ok. C's gonna be a tough out and I agree with you Nick. I think they're gonna have, look, Chris Finch is very good. I think he was named Coach of the Year a couple years back. Has he tna been coach of the year. Oh, Ash. Ash. Oh, oh Ocho. You got cigar ash on your face? I do. Yeah. Your name Ocho right? I appreciate boy. Hey, hey, I appreciate you man. I appreciate you because I mess up damn makeup I got on Fenty right now too.


I, I don't know what what that is, but it, you need to get it off, but Hi look, I'm good now. Yes. So Nick, what the big adjustment, even with that adjustment, do you think the Wolves have enough to deal with the o with the thunder? I I think it's gonna be a long series and I think they do. Like I said, I think they are gonna make them adjustments. Chris Fi and the, and the coaching staff. They're gonna go watch film and, and and they're gonna see all the mistakes that they made offensively. And You know, you, you made a good point about, You know, OKCs perimeter defenders, their wing defenders and what makes them even better is they're good team defenders. Yes. Because sometimes these guys can be good on ball defenders and they can just stick to their man and not be in help position, not be in big positioned, You know what I'm saying?


Those guys, not only do they defend the ball good, they defend the help side. Good. And that makes them, makes it even tougher to to, to go against them guys. But oh, Minnesota, they have enough, they have enough to, to make it an even series and You know, I'm not too much worried about that game one 'cause game one is, like OCHO said earlier, it is a fill out, You know, so now they gotta go and make their adjustments. I think this series is gonna go a long way. So buckle up,


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well with a Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again, go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile, I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month required intro rate first three months only, then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hey, so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide and every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


I was thinking hold on, because the, the thunder just got out of an extended series. Seven long games short day rest Minnesota. They been resting, they been off damn near a week. I was like, man they about to come in and run up and down the court but it looked like that it would look like it was reversed. Those guys were the guys that had heavy legs and OKC was getting up and down the court. You know, I I I never figured that out because that's always been a thing, right? They'd be like, well they got rest, they gonna be well rested. Well sometimes motherfuckers you too tired and that other team that just came out that game seven, guess what they in the flow right, they can work against. So who knows how it really works.


You know what I'm saying? And tonight I was expecting OKC to come out the way they did slow. They came out real slow but they did funding up because Minnesota didn't do anything. So as they came out slow, You know at some point OKC was gonna pick it up. I was just like, damn OKC fans. They sitting on they hands right now. Minnesota gotta take advantage of that. And they never hit. Yes, they never did. Hold, hold on nigga. You say, you say the game going going seven, right? You said good things. I think it's gonna go, I think it's gonna be a long series Ocho It gonna be a long series, but I wanna know who you Got. I like Minnesota. You got I like Minnesota. You like the war. Okay. I like Minnesota. Okay.


You, you, You know, You know your business. You know your Business. Yeah, I like Minnesota, but, but I'm gonna tell you this though. So all four of these teams that's in the playoffs, man, anybody can win it. Anybody can win a championship. That's, that's the beauty of this one. So it ain't like there's no clear cut favorite, You know any other team you can be all the Lakers favorite or Boston favorite. This is, you got four teams in this thing right now that they all can win it. So I like that. Nick, you had a story? We was talking off camera. You said you got a story to tell. You wanted to tell the story. What's the story you wanted to Tell me And both, both of y'all man, both of y'all played me like I was a little peon man when whoa ocho me ocho a couple years ago. Ocho I'm walking through the Cincinnati airport, you got the shaves on you, you probably couldn't see, You know what I'm saying?


Right. And you, you walking so goddamn fast. I I be like, well up Ocho you hit me with it and you walking. So I'm looking behind him. I'm like damn is Ray Lewis chasing you or so, and then I had to call him, I had to call him and said was he just walking through? He said, yeah, yeah that was me. I said, I just walked by right by you. Like, oh, okay. And I, and I know I, and I probably said, oh, I ain't know I'm probably late for my flight. See, And that's the thing about stuff though man. That's messed stuff. What, what You want me to do? I just said You want Me and you go away Matt, you treated me God. Hold On. But one you gotta understand Nick. You said I had my sunglasses on right then you said I was walking fast. So if I got my sunglasses on and I'm walking fast, that mean I'm late from a goddamn spirit flight.


You see how you doing me on? I saw that, but you did any dirty hurt. What? I You did me dirty too. Huh? Where was I at? We was in Vegas at, at at eight at the RA bar. That is right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Is dark there honey Now Hey, hey I got, I got a drink. My, my new drink it just came out right about three four? Yes, yes. Got a new drink. I'm, I'm gonna run up to the room. I'm gonna grab a cup of bottle. I said okay cool. So we sitting over there smoking. You walk in when you had about three bottles with you, you gonna be out c room Of course, You know. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. That was 20, that might've been 20, 22. 2021. Yeah. Yeah. You can't 20 maybe 2022.


Yeah. You came down there about three, four bottles. I'm sitting there with my guys, we, You know, we sitting there smoking you, you came in with the bottles, you looked at me and then went straight to the room. I'm like damn, well maybe he gonna come out and bring me a little glass or something. So about five minutes go by, You know what I'm saying? I go up to the door, the goddamn door lock. I'm like that you not knocked on the door. They going bro, security guard. And I, hey I'm trying to get, get a little bit of that drink. He is like, nah, we ain't ain't having no guests and close the door. Oh, he closed the door. Close the door. Dang, I ain't going on that, that's on me. But You know we gonna do that. He, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get you a couple of bottles. I'm gonna get your information and I'm gonna get you a couple of bottles to make sure You know what the best testing v best tasting VSOP cognac on the market.


Let you see what it tastes like and you can judge it for yourself. Appreciate that. That's on me. That's on me. Appreciate That. See that? See that was bad. That was bad. That was Nick. I, I apologize. See I had on sunglasses What I just said, I'm gonna get him from Kay damn a Apology. But, but he talking about, I walked by him in the airport. At least I was, I was going to a flight and I was late and I didn't realize it was him because You know I'm, I'm like six five so I ain't, I ain't, I ain't seen but that, that's, that's the difference. So you did him real dirty 'cause you had security. I don't, I ain't even got security. I didn't have the, the cigar eight. Cigar eight had security. I ain't have no damn security. Wouldn't you ever say me with Security? Hey Nick, Nick, they closed the door, You know, Hey my man, he cramped the dog. I said I'm trying to be a little drink.


Okay, cool. Hey, they had me, I couldn't get in there for a minute. I said, man, You know, Hey Nick, You know how it be when they get, when they Hollywood start acting funny. I know Now that was, that was on, that was un that was undisputed. Huh? That was undisputed up. Man. Hey, check this out man. Listen, for the first time since 2021, the 20 20 21 season, the Boston CELs will not be the Eastern Conference finals. During a recent conversation with Steve Nash on Mind the Game podcast, LeBron said he thinks the Celtics got bored.


It seems like. So sometimes it seems like they got bored sometimes with the, I don't, I don't wanna say the process because I mean, ish they are who they are. When you look at Tatum, you look at Brown. This is the year, year to year and they punched their 10,000 hours. But sometimes it seems like they got a little bored because of how great they are. Not only do those two individuals, but as a team sometimes it looked like they got bored. How you get bored? They won one championship. I could see if they won like three, they went back to back like Shaq, like Shaq and Kobe Lakers or like the, the, the Bulls in the nineties. Or let's just say, let's just say for the sake of R but Nick, they were like the Cavaliers eight straight finals.


Six straight finals. How the hell you get Ball? You won one championship. I I don't think they got bored. I just think they, I Think they got their ass whipped. I think they lost like, I mean you you, you look at the first two games, they up dub They up 20. Yeah. You you right. You supposed to win game. You right, you're right. Okay. You, you ain't getting bored, you got bored with the game and you start, you you kept taking them badass threes as opposed Yes. Searching the paint and taking threes. You want to, you want to Takeda step back threes with, with the defense guard you contest and then you got the other four guys inside ready to rebound. And in New York you played right into they hands. They, they got an assassin. You know, Jalen Brunson fourth quarter assassin.


So they, I don't think they was bored with the, with the series or, or they couldn't have been bored winning, like you said. I just think they got bored during those two games. But at the end of the day, they are a dub in, in games one and two. Hey Nick, I asked UNC too, I talked to UNC and ISO Joe and I was saying listen, everything they do is one dimensional. Why not run plays? Why not do something else and listen, they say they live, they live and they die by the three do die. That's, that's how they gonna play. They die Because here's the thing, Ojo, because if you look at it, the Knicks wanna play the, all the Knicks saying let us get to the last five minutes of the game. We believe we're Brunson who we believe is the best clutch player in the NBA.


We believe if we can get you to the last five minutes of the ball game and the game is close, we can beat you. You see the problem the Celtics have, once those threes got don't start falling, it's hard for them to get into a set in the last five minutes of the game because they really haven't run a whole lot of sense to begin with. It's three a JB it's your turn to take two three threes in a row down. Alright JT, you up next? Okay, Derrick White. What you got for us Al Horford? So, and, and the thing is, it's hard when you really haven't run a whole lot of offense to now all of a sudden don't your it's like you, Hey bro, let me touch the ball early now. Jordane came to you the whole game four court. Alright, don't yo, what you like, I like for this game to be over because y'all been dicking around the whole day and now y'all woke me to work magic.


Well that's the Celtics. Y'all been dilly daling around. Y'all taking 50, 60 threes now in the last two, three minutes of the ball game and you need to run a set. You're not conditioned, you're not wired to run anything. You still wanna run behind that three point line and jack up a shot and it caught up with 'em. Big facts, big facts. I I I was saying that throughout, You know, this season, like yes, it, it's, it's cute in the, in the regular season you can get away with it. It's cute. But what Ocho just said, as you go deeper in the playoffs, the teams get better. You know? Yep. I'm saying if they in the first round, they, they go up 20. They, they may and and they go down 10 or whatever. They probably even come back and still win that game.


But when they playing against the Knicks, a team that's a gr and gritty team, it's gonna be a little bit tougher. You gonna have to, you're gonna have to change the way of thinking. That's exactly right. And the thing is, is like you said, oh they took the most threes. They made the most threes. Okay. Like you said, okay, you play in Orlando one night, you at Miami the next night, then you come up to the East coast trip, you got Charlotte Atlanta. Now we in a seven game series. You got two games here. You ain't got, ain't nobody going nowhere. We locked in. We know what you do. You know what we do? Okay, execute. It comes down to execute it. Don't I honestly, I hate watching the Celtics play because all I know is they gonna jack up a whole bunch of badass threes.


Now if they go in, oh the Celtics that, that's the new era. That's the new wave. Okay. Y'all keep on thinking y'all Stephen and Clay and you see what it get you Even in game four in New York, You know, before Jason Tatum went down, they was about to lose that game. Yeah, they was awesome. They were gonna lose. Yes. They start, they started j Jacking again. JF 40, June 40 went down. They was already down five or six Start. Yep. Yep. And we know in a close and we know in a close ball game against the Knicks. The reason why they, they blew out the, they blew out the Knicks in game three but in game four and we had already saw the blueprint because they had that big lead in game four.


We saw 'em have the big leading lead in game one and two and what happened Slow walk them down still. Because here's the thing, that three point shouting of the blessing and a curse because you can get a big lead, Nick, You know when you first got to the lead team got 20, 20, 25 point leads, it wasn't no coming back. You might get one two comebacks a year. Now with the three point shot you go cold and they you up 20, you go cold from the three and you take a couple of bad threes. Now all of a sudden they hit three in the wrong, get a and one and a layup. Now 20 point lead is down to six easy. Yeah. Now you looking like, damn, what happened? What happened is that you kept taking bad shots, you didn't run any time and you taking threes early in the shot clock, 16 seconds on the clock and you letting the three go.


Mm. You get the, I saw them get a situation Nick. Mm They shot a three, they missed it. Got the rebound, kicked it out, Shot it, shot it again, Got the rebound again. Said all passed it to the corner. Al shot it, got the rebound again. I said, well damn, if somebody gonna like say hey, oh whoa, whoa, let's slow this thing down. Let's get a good shot. Hey let's, hey run point flat, let's run something. Hey, hey let's run Lay, let's run a pick and roll. Let, Lemme let, lemme see that form again. Huh? Oh no, that's all, that's all, That's All Nick. He was, that's all. Hey, hey Nick.


Now we look, we pulled up the Georgia High School Association. I'm one of the few guys that's ever scored 50 points in the ball game. I ain't telling you boy. Oh my god. I triple double. I got, I can show you the clips. Shannon Sharp LED Glenville high tour 31 points 19 rebound. So let 52 points. 37 36. I got it. Let me, let me ask you this. So, so co your cohost right? He doing, he'd be doing a lot of like he did he who, who Y'all two one-on-one. Who, who, who, who, who I need to bet on, Man. Aren. Okay. Play ball. Ball. We need to bet on man, we got NBA players can't even beat me playing. You talking about me playing UNC Man, why you tighten up man? Tighten up. This is what I do nigga.


I asked you to play me. What's the first thing you said? Oh nah, I don't, I'm, I'm good, I'm good. What we talking About? I mean like, that's like me asking you. Like let, let's run some routes man. I'm gonna check you like come on man. I ain't finna waste my time on you man. I may get hurt man. I ain't got time for that man. I'm trying to wake off. I mean, you gonna Get hurt anyway. You get hurt anyway. Doing anything with me competitive. This is what I, I do like I'm, I'm a better basketball player than a football player. I just, I just happened to take the route of football. That's all. That's my story. That's my story. That's my story. Hey listen, I was a better ba I was a better basketball player than football. Here you go. Hey, I was Nick in high school. In high school, right. You know I, I went to, I went to Miami Beach, right?


Listen, every time we played Nick, I was 56, 12 and 10. A bad night for me was probably 48. Now, now, now if, if you, if you say quick man, You know what I, I was like 32, 9 and eight. That's more believable. Nah, Nah that that's 56. The graces in the NBA ain't even do that in, in high school man. Like you say there's some crazy he none of us you, You about you talking about the greats, the Grayson. But they, they wasn't me in high school. That's what does that tell you? They wasn't me Bad. Think you probably everybody, he probably came off the bench. Who came off the bench?


You, I mean it's a lot of teams in the NBA right now could use me coming off the bench. Nah, Ain't nobody can use you coming off the bench. You crazy here man. Man you coming out the bitch to get them towels to get their jacket. Make sure their jacket turned right side out. They don't, they don't need you for anything. They don't need you for anything else. Let Nick lemme me one on one. Me one on one. I got Nick Don't your So the last time I hooped right, the last time I hooped I was coaching with the Atlanta Hawks and I hadn't hooped in years man. And, and the only reason I sat around hooping no more 'cause I ain't gonna have no more knee surgeries so. Oh, your knees messed up? Yeah. So the damn, so the damn assistant coaches and You know managers and shit, they, they just chirping all year they chirping.


So around December 21, December 22, I'm like, You know what we, we finna, we finna hoop today. So I went out there and hoop. Man next thing You know I cut my quad 10. Hey. Yeah. And I did It on the simplest move that you can ever think of. Just snapped. I was was like, oh man I'm done. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, yeah that playing ball again, Ligaments Horse. Nah I ain't, I ain't, I ain't the horse type I need to be moving. I need to be active. Hey Nate, them muscles and tendons, they don't have the elasticity they once had Come on man. They, they, I ain't getting out there anyway 'cause I already got both hip replaced and I ain't trying to get nothing else replaced.


No sir. No sir. You know why y'all, Me and you played our sports hard. Yes play hard. So we had surgeries and we beat, we beat up 'cause we played hard. Some people ain't really, they still run on tracks and all that shit. Yes, I, yeah I do all that. You know where y'all got hurt. Y'all know y'all got hurt 'cause your bones weak because your nutrition was bad. That's the problem We eating at McDonald's we eat. Yeah you you ain't never been a callous in your body eating all that healthy shit. That's the problem. That's what wrong with y'all. I ain't eating nothing. What you ate? When I did from 93 on. I ate healthy not not the first three years but the, the last, the last 11 years.


Yes. See that's the problem the last 11 years is why you need hip surgery. First of all, I played longer than you did. I played 11 years. How long you played? 14. Well hold on, I played actually 13 'cause I played in Mexico and I played in Canada. So that's 13. What saying I played 14. See you still ain't play 14. Oh well I played flag football after that and And you only played one year of college because you ineligible for two years. Yeah, I shit, I was a knucklehead. I made It though. No you got one year Juco, you got one year Juco and one year of Oregon State. No I Got, I got two years of Juco. You got two years of juco. You gotta count link. Gotta count Link University.


You got kicked out. I know, I but still count. No Don't count. You didn't play It. It still count I was there. It all counts. I'm in yearbook. You Count something when you didn't do it. I'm in, I'm in the yearbook. Yeah, but you didn't play so I can't say I joined the army just 'cause I went down to take the recruiting test. No, I got, I got to be in the Army. Yes you can. They give you a shirt if you Get you a shirt that mean you was a part Of Army. Nah, they ain't gimme no shirt. I I was gonna go down to the office. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't nothing signed nothing. Check this out. Lemme know what you think about this. Nick d Wade was not impressed by Jimmy Butler's performance against the timber Wolves.


I think the thing with Jimmy is I didn't like the way he approached the game. I know Jimmy is a pass first guy. I know he's about getting his teammate the ball and I want to see them shine. But it's a point where you're getting 60 million, this ain't working, you gotta go and he won't look at the basket. I've seen this before and I've seen it in a heat jersey. Jim is too good of a basketball player to not have his imprint on the game. And sorry sir, when it's time for you to take over, you just have to, and even if you can't do it from the standpoint of you ain't, you ain't making no shots, I don't care. Shoot, bad offense if you're not shooting good to close at the paint, but not getting the ball up to the basket, that's just bad offense.


What do you think about GD Wade saying about what he saw from Jimmy Butler in the, in the Warrior's uniform minor, Steph, is there any creed to what d Wade is Saying? I I agree a thousand percent and, and the reason is because I've seen him do it too much. You know what I'm saying? Because Yep. I think Jimmy is a guy. If, if Jimmy wanted to, he can be up there as a scoring leader in the NBA for a season if he wanted to. But he, he has the mindset of he he he's not in in in the kill mode all the time. And what d Wade and what Pat Riley was saying, You know, for Jimmy is like, we're paying you that money to be that guy to be 25, 27 a night, not just in the playoffs.


Right, because if you don't want to do it in a regular season, we in the playin games. Yeah, exactly. In fact we got Jimmy Butler, You know, making his bread. He deserves it, took him the two finals, he deserves the bread. But as, as, as a franchise, we see you as being a guy who is the guy and we need you to do that. And I, I've been saying that for years about Jimmy and I think he's a hell of a player, You know, and you, Donna said it best and he's a smart player because what Jimmy did and and I I played against him is when I was coaching with the Hawks in the playoffs, man, this dude wasn't doing nothing but taking the ball to the basket and making the layups.


And to me, if you're able to do that, it's some form of intimidation from the other side to where they keep letting you get to the goddamn basket and shoot fucking layups. Like you gotta put a body on somebody at some point. But he, he lived in the paint and was just finishing and I think Jimmy if he wanted to, he can do that every night if he wanted to. So I agree with what D Wade said, but You know, I I I love Jimmy's game,


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well with the Gemini credit card you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying just spend like you normally do groceries, gas or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content is not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, fee rates and fees.


Hey, so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool RU sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Unlock smarter learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPUs and CPUs and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research. Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon to be graduate needing to catch a recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Because you look at, yeah, we're in the playing or we are the or, we are succeed or we are way down and now we're trying to play catch up. We never have home court. And like you said, and we've seen him do it, we see him go on the road and do what they did to the Celtics. We saw what they did to Milwaukee. We, we, we, we know what he's capable of doing. But at this point in time, when we playing you 60 million, we don't, we don't want Magic Johnson. We don't want John Stockton, we want Michael, we want bro, and we want guys that's going Kobe, we want you to have that mentality. Damn the rest of them, because the rest of 'em can't make enough shots in order to win the game. Their imprint is not gonna win you no game.


And plus they're not the guys making 60 million, we playing you 60 million. Hey, and Nick is there at any point at a player with Jimmy of, of Jimmy's caliber, when you're making that kind of money and we know what you can do and you're not doing it, do you think injury comes into play where you, where you become gun shy and don't wanna pull a trigger and shooting because if you do lose a game, it kind, the onus of it and losing is because of you and you lose a little bit of confidence. I, I, I don't think so, man. Because, because Jimmy, I, I've seen him play like that and then come right back and, and do his thing. It's, it's like when Steph went down, he, he had a big game in Golden State. Yeah. See what they needed him.


So he, he he's very capable of doing it. I, I don't know if it's a mental thing like, You know, I don't, I just don't want to go out here and shoot 20 shots. I don't wanna feel like I'm a ball haul, whatever it is. Right. But if I'm on Jimmy Butler's team and I'm the point guard, hey, do you gotta shoot that thing about 25 times a night? You got yes, you got to, You know we don't never say that about Shay. We don't never say, well Shay Manna wasn't aggressive enough. Man. Shaa ain't get enough shots up. Shay gonna be in the twenties and hell he might be in the thirties. And that's the, that's the approach Jimmy needs to take. We saw Jimmy, what was that game against Milwaukee? He had like 56, 57 he couldn't miss. Right.


Super aggressive. Yeah, we watched him in in the, in game five. Was it game five? Yeah, game five. We watched him in game five. He go toe to toe with LeBron. Everything LeBron, LeBron had a, a triple double. You saw that? That one where he's leaning on the table? Yeah, he's exhausted. Yep. Yeah. Oh yeah. But he getting to it. He ain't passing ish. He's shooting the basketball, he getting in the paint. He drawing five now all of a sudden. Wow. I'm cool being Robin. Nah bro, Robin, Hey Robin didn't have no, Robbie didn't have nothing but to suit. He ain't have no robbing. Where's Robin belt? Robin ain't got no car. He ain't got no no robbing mobile.


He ain't got no Butler. Nah, hell nah. We need you to be Batman because Superman is out so you need to step up. Ain't no more bad, ain't no more robbing. But Robin got the little things on his eyes though. Right. When the last time you saw them make a series about Robin? I see all these Batmans and ain't not one of them. All the Batmans that I made, ain't none of 'em had no robbing in it. Okay. But he Alfred then. Nah, hell nah. He need to be super Steph Curry's Superman. We need another superhero. When what? The coming book with Robin in it. I ain't never seen no coming book with Robin.


Especially You ever seen a comedy book with just Robin? Especially when Steph was out man, like step fight. Okay we went and got you if step for that reason 15 to 20 games next year and you're healthy, this is why we got you so we can stay in that three to six spot. You know what I'm saying? Yep. This is why we got you so we can stay right there. We don't, we didn't get you for, if Step goes out now we gonna slid to the ninth and tip spot. You know what I'm saying? So in order for to stay at the three six Spot or win playoff games without Steph, he gotta be Batman. Gotta be, he's gotta be the super, he has to take the same approach. I mean I look, we, I understand that his role ch his role somewhat changes on a team with Steph.


But I gotta have that mind, I gotta have that, that same mindset That Day. Man step ain't in I Need get role don't change. You know what I'm saying? Because Steph is gonna be Steph. Right. And Steph is going to need you to take that load off. So if she's 15 and you still shoot 20 with Steph, you, you don't take as as Jimmy Butler, he don't take bad shots. So you still can get up 20 shots. And we as a team, we gonna live with that because You know they not gonna be crazy shots. You know, You know. So even if Stephan's there, you still can do your thing Because we look at our game. You remember we at the game, Jimmy took nine shots.


Jimmy had another game, he took 11 shots. What the hell is that? Yeah. Yeah Guys off the bench, you got pods, he's getting up 18, 19 shots and you be minger getting up 20 shots and you being to tell me you supposed to be the guy you making 60 million and you getting the ball up nine times and You know you not getting to the free throw line. So at least, okay, you gonna take nine shots. Okay. Get to the free throw line 20 times, get to the free throw line 15, 17 times. Okay? I can understand nine shots. You see what you call a a a a Sha Shaa got up 27 shots and still got to the fire line 14 times. You know what, You know what else Nick, You know about, about Jimmy?


He gonna take bad shots. He don't take l bad shots. He's gonna always, he's gonna always either facilitate to somebody else or take the right shot. Yeah. Always. He he's he's always been that way. Now when he put that motherfucker on the floor, oh my bad, he put the ball on the floor and he wanna put his head down and go to the basket. He gonna do just that no matter who it's, I'm just not shootings. That's why I think he was injured. I think he was injured and he just didn't say anything. I see it. Everybody injured right now. Exactly. Everybody injured. Everybody done played a ass load to games. Ocho. Yeah you figure they got 82, they done play, they was in the play in tournament.


The Warriors were they got passed the first round. They went seven games. Yeah. Everybody exhausted. Yep, Everybody During Sunday's game seven between the thunder and Nuggets. Trey Young took the X with his subtle Jab at Knicks fans Hot take but not OKC fans are louder than Knick fans. Happy Sunday. Nick, I don't know if you played in that arena. They might have done shut that down by the time, by the time, by the time you got Nah, you might have played there and damn, what Is it? You think I ain't that old man? Hold on, hold on Nick. Hold on Nick.


First of all, you played 13. I played, I played in that arena, man. God damn. You came in, you came in a couple years after me. Nick stop. I retired in oh six, baby, They came, I I got Few years in that arena. Chris Paul was over there, he crossed me up about five times in one place. He was over there? Yeah. Damn. Damn. Hold on. No, Nick, they could have been there because they didn't move until oh eight. They, they had The, they had the hornets, remember the the, the New Orleans or somebody went over there? They had a ticket Over there. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, that might've been a situation. Nah, but they played in San well they played in San Antonio. Nah, you talking about with Katrina, they Played in kc.


They might did, but I know the Supersonic, I don't think the Supersonics moved to KDS second year. Right, right. KD came in in oh eight and I think they moved in oh nine. Yeah, they, they, They moved in oh eight. Okay. KD was drafted in oh seven and then they moved in oh eight, which was Russ's rookie year because Harden came in oh nine. Okay. So how loud if, I mean, look you, so I know you played in MSG and you played in a lot of arenas. Is OKC the loudest, one of the loudest?


Is there any truth to what Trey Young was saying? Yeah, it is, it is definitely one of the loudest. I don't know if I never played him in the playoffs. So that's, that'd be okay. Different. Okay. When you talk about NBA arenas like that gives you a college feel. Yes. And, and most of the time college arenas are more loud, they more drunk, You know what I'm saying? Mo height and OKC gives you that, that that college atmosphere and, and they get up and they cheer, they got they little chance and everything. So OKC definitely is, is consistently loud, You know what I'm saying? It's, it's a lot of arenas where a team can stink and it ain't as loud. They only get loud when that team is winning.


They got a good record. Right. But OKC is consistently live And plus like there's nothing else going on in O kc. Exactly. What you gonna see in kc, you ain't finna see no, you're not fitting to see no NFL game. You're not finna see no N-L-B-M-L-B game. You're not finna see hockey and it ain't football season. So you got a long way of time to wait to go see the, the Sooners or the Cowboys. So now what? Yeah, so that's all you got. And a lot of times it's kinda like Green Bay, What else are You gonna Do? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey don't do that. Don't do that. What else are you gonna Do? Don't do that. Don't do that. See Lakers, You know the Lakers. I mean look, you got, I mean you got all everything going on. You got the Clippers, You know they ain't making no noise.


You know they ain't doing nothing. But you got the Kings, you got, you got the Dodgers. I mean you got, You know you got Ram Venice Beach, you got Samo, you got, you got Malibu man, you got Allstone and half and the people that buy the stuff like, it's not like, like MSG, you look at those guys, man, Tracy, Tracy Morgan going crazy, spike going crazy. The what's it Ben, Ben Steeler, Ben Stiller, Ben Steeler. You see those, those slams are going crazy. Ain't like that ain't like that in la. Nah, LA ain't stealing Still. I come, I get acru. Yeah I get, You know, I get, I get crunched.


They ain't get into the game at halftime. You know LA living after half. Oh, That's Miami. They they Miami Middle third quarter they leaving. Huh? I said Miami, You know they don't get there till the third quarter. Yeah. Yep, yep, yep. Oh wait, wait and don't be losing. They gonna leave. They gonna leave early. Oh well you saw what happened when they, when Ram hit that shot, everybody tried to come back trying to come back and They lock the doors on people trying to get back in. Yeah, but when you, when you, when you think about it, so how, because you hear in like, okay, role players play better at home, the crowd's gonna get you into it.


How important is it to keep the crowd at bay when you are on the, in a playoff series, Nick? It's huge. It's huge. And I thought Minnesota did a great job in the first half because that, that's one of the things I was paying attention to is they ain't letting the crowd affect the game. But You know, once that that second half came and they made that first run, you pretty much knew it was gonna be downhill be just because of the offense. The offense was just so stagnant. And, and we know OKC, You know, they get them steals and deflections and the easy, easy fast break points get the crowd going. It's gonna be tough man. So anytime you can keep the crowd chilling to where they not a factor that's gonna be big for the road team.


Shaq added fuel to the NBA draft lottery comp conspiracy theories. He shared the details of a conversation between himself and then Commissioner David Stern that occurred three months before the 1992 draft. Stern says to me, Hey, can't wait for you to come to the NBA, then he pulled me off to the side, you wanna play where it's cold or where it's hot. He asked me that. Yeah, he did. He asked me that and I was like, hot. And he smiled and I smiled. Shaq ultimately got his wish when Orlando won that year's lottery with Charlotte and Minnesota getting to second and third picks respectively. You hear a lot of conspiracy theories and there are a lot of situations that could make these such sound good and sound true.


It's, it's very interesting how it's all played out. Nick, is the NBA draft lottery rigged? You, you, so we, we just talked about this on my pod quick to the point Nick by nip part quick to the point, check it out YouTube. But we, we, we just talked about this because I've thought in the past it seemed a little fishy, You know what I'm saying? But this one, this one I can't say so because you you, you want to help a situation to where you think that player is gonna really elevate that city. Right? Right. And to me, Cooper flagger, he, he would've been perfect in Utah.


You, you can't tell me no different. He would've been perfect in Utah and Dallas, they already got a championship team. They come back healthy, they by, by the time January, February, come around and they all healthy. We gonna be talking about Dallas as a championship contending team. So with with them getting that number one pick and You know, Cooper flagged of course, You know, being the number one pick that everybody says Cooper Flagg may not even come in and help them right away in the playoffs. You know what I'm saying? That's a, that's a real thing. He may not help him in the playoffs and him going in Utah in my eyes was the ideal situation. So I can't see this one being a fix.


That's just me. Nah, that's, that's, That's definitely a fix, Nick. That's definitely a fix. Obviously listen, gimme, I mean, but come on now, just a so, just a coincidence. They get rid of Luca, right? And just so happened of all teams that are in the lottery to get the number one pick, it just so happened coincidentally is Dallas. Okay, let, let, I mean, let let ask you this. Honestly, honestly, it, it's so Obvious. Okay, let, it's let me ask you this, why right? What's the point for the NBA to do that? Like what's the point? I have no idea. We would never know what the point is. Yeah, I mean, me, me person, me, me personally, I would never know what the point is.


But obviously Gabriel rid de Luca and all of a sudden you, you have nothing left. You got, you got a D that's gonna be by herself. Katie. I mean, not Katie. Kyrie coming back at some point when he, he gets a little better off his a acl, then there's there's nothing there. There's, there's nothing Else. Yeah. So you, there's nothing you see everybody I've talked to about it, like they don't have a real, like the reasoning for them saying that We don't know the reason. We don't know the reason for it. We just know it makes no sense and it's too, But normally you don't say something like, well they gave up Luca to the Lakers, now the Lakers, we gave them another future player, You know, after LeBron leaves and now we're gonna do this favor for you guys. I don't see that, You know what I'm saying? To, because they're already a championship team if they come back help.


So that's, that's just my thinking. Like I I've thought before the David Robinson, San Antonio, yeah. Tim Duncan, San Antonio, You know, they're Cleveland, LeBron like I've thought some before, right? But this one you couldn't, you couldn't tell me that the number one pick won't going to Utah and Cooper Flag was gonna be in Utah next year just because Yeah. People, so People feel the same thing with Zion. Zion going to New Orleans the same year they lost ad Well everybody swore e if if they don't think anything else will rigged in 85 the first year they had the lottery and Patrick, you ain't going to the Knicks. They swear that was Rigged. Now, now, now see that you can, you can say like New York, big media market, we need a big time player.


You know what I'm saying? Like they have a reason to say that for that one. Right. O Joe ain't gave me no reason yet, so I I can't roll with you O Joe And I I know, I know you can't roll with me. To me, it just, just, You know, if if it, if it is smoked, there's a fire somewhere. And when they, when it comes to that one, I, I, I could be wrong, but it's just, it's just, it's it's too close. It's too close. Okay. Kendrick Perkins called out Donovan Mitchell saying, Hey Donovan, hey Donovan Mitchell led team has never been to the conference finals. Donovan Mitchell. Donovan Mitchell, you got a coach fired, you got JB Bickerstaff fired.


This is a fact. You had no communication with that man while he was there. So you didn't like him. Right. As soon as he got fired, you signed a contract extension. Right. You extended with the calves. Nick, is there any truth to what big perk is saying? I I I think big perk, You know, is entitled to his opinion. Yes. You know what I'm saying? And, and I, I'll say a little truth to that, but, but here's my thinking on that. When you get rid of JB Bickers style, you, you, you substituted a defensive gritty, You know what I'm saying? We gonna come at you kind of a coach, You know what I'm saying?


Right. That took Cleveland from where they were nothing and started building that thing up to Yes, they got an identity. Right. And Kenny at, yeah, Kenny Atkinson is a great coach. I worked with him in Atlanta. He's a great coach, right. With the Xs and those, but he's more of a offensive minded coach, right? Yeah. And he's, he's more of a, he's more of a laid back. You can see his demeanor on the sideline. He's more of a laid back player kind of a coach. Well, Jay B going, he going, Hey, no hats in the meetings. You know what I'm saying? We still gonna do defensive slides in practice. You know what I'm saying? So he created identity. That to me, I think they lost, I think they won a more offense and they lost their grit. They gr this and they lost to a team in Indiana who I thought was gonna beat them anyway because of the way they played.


But Garland sat out a game. Hunter sat out a game, the big guy set out a game. Like I don't think they sit out those games if, if they got that greediness still in them with a culture like that. You know what I'm saying? So it's some true to what Per is saying, but I'm not going, I'm not gonna come at, at, at at my man like that. 'cause I think he ball his butt off. You know what I'm saying? And sometimes you you need some help, you need some help. But I think they substituted offense for defense and they lost a lot of that giness with, with coach, bigger staff left. But at some point in time, Dom is gonna have to get a team to the conference finals because he's had the better team on several occasions.


You win 60, 64 games this year and you get bounced in the second round, you lose all, you lose three games at home. We saw in Utah, he had great situations up oh two. I mean that had a team down two Oh the Clippers, they lose. So at some point in time he, if he, he's a superstar. That's what we do with superstars. We put that blame when KD didn't get it done. We blame KD when LeBron didn't get it done. We blame LeBron if, if Donovan Mitchell is a superstar, you can't win 64 games and, and and and and go home lose three game and lose three games at home.


Yeah. That was tough. That was tough. And then the way they lost game two was, You know, once, once they lost game two, you you knew, I knew it was over then It was over once they lost game two. Yeah. That just broke they spirit. It is. I mean they, they they had, they had the game in hand in game one. Yep. And they, they lost it. Yeah. You're like, okay, hey, one game, hey you go back, we win game two now we go to Indiana, we get game, we Back all square. And like you said, when Halliburton hit that shot, like, nah, alright, you, you, You know, well Halliburton, he, he from Wisconsin, right? He top player from Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's what we do.


That's what we do. Hit big shot. Oh Lord. There we go. That's what we do. Hold on, hold on. Where you, where you from? That's what we do. Hit big shots. You from Wisconsin? I ain't know that. Yeah, cheese is okay. Okay, okay. We trying to talk about no packers, none of that. We have Appreci. We have one of the greatest in history. Respond man. Calling out now Paul. Hey man, I so happy this y'all been out. Oh, come on Shawn. Man, my man in the Harlem Fame, it is exactly his numbers better than our other players. 15 years. Man, stop lying. The volume. Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush. Deodorant fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Wanna feel more creative but don't have the right laptop. lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion. Our PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The future's waiting and it needs you.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway This spring. Stock up on all your personal care favorites and earn four times points. Now through June 17, shop in store online for deals on all your favorite personal care items like Pantene, shampoo, native Body spray, deodorant, secret body spray. Venus Razors always pads, head and shoulder shampoo and native deodorant and earn four times points. Then use those points for discounts on groceries or fuel. You don't wanna miss These deals offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary, restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary beat prohibited by.