
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay score all your Once in a Blue Moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear the experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and wear fashion eBay things people love.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark And Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark And Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke


Hey. there it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of FL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


is See you. See you. See you, man. What a ball game. What a ball game? The Colorado buffaloes find a way to get it done. Shair Sanders or the Hail Mary late in the ball game and then they put, then they scored in the first drive of overtime. And then Travis Hunter. If Travis Hunter is not the leading candidate for the Heisman Trophy, I they just stop. I don't know who vote, but stop, stop taking the vote. Yep. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap.


I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85. He's equally as excited as I am about the game that you just witnessed. He's the route runner extraordinaire from Liberty City. He is a pro bowler, an all pro a Bengals legend. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us one more favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber matters. Every subscriber counts. We thank you because you've helped us grow to heights. We did not anticipate this quickly, but because of your love and support here we are And. we want to say thank you again.


Check out Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock, so if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, check out e-commerce site. We can ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's Sheha Media and my clothing company. I have one of the Ts on 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. If you ordered merch within the last three weeks. Orders will be, our orders will be shipped starting Monday. Okay? Okay. If you ordered any merch in the last three weeks, orders will be starting being shipped on Monday. I'm waiting on my sheet.


So thank you guys for your, thank you guys for your patience. We greatly appreciate Ocho and I. Nightcap we greatly appreciate your support. The merch, the tour teams, a lot of the merch that you asked for, we tried to deliver. So thank you guys for being patient, patient with us. And so merch will be starting getting shipped on Monday and as you receive it, please post it and let us know and then let us know what you think Ocho Yeah. In the game thus far of the year, Colorado beats Baylor in overtime. Travis Hunter is the guy. Seven catches a buck 30 and the game winning walk off force Bumble, he was sensational Shado Sanders bro for Shado Sanders to get sacked eight times.


Yeah. To take as many hits as he took to get pressured as many times as he did. Yeah. And to still stand in the pocket pocket he got outside of the pocket on the Hail Mary. But to look down the barrel and to make plays unfazed, don't you? Yeah. That's unbelievable. That guy got, he, that young man has poise. His dad, he look, he's been a quarterback his whole life. His daddy is raised him. Well, normally coaches kids are very well coached, they're very disciplined. They study a lot of film, especially when they played that position. Tra dors sat was sensational last night and this was the biggest win thus far in d in coach Prime's tenure. Yep. I'm very, very happy because I'm sure everybody was waiting to pounce.


You see what happens when they step up in talent? Yeah. Talent. Oh yeah. Oh, he can't beat no true D one T now you gotta save that until next week. Yeah. So in the meantime, Ocho knock, we gonna gloat, we gonna gloat, but I'm gonna try to reach out to him. Ocho I'm gonna call him here in about 35 minutes. Oh yeah. Go listen. If you call, if you call him out, he coming on now. He, he coming on. I'm, I'm I I take That I'm call I, I just sent him a text Yeah. Right before we came on. But I'm gonna call him. Okay. I'm gonna see if I'm, because I know he got, he has obligation, right? His normal presser and things like that. He has a tv, he has a radio show. Right. So I'm gonna let him get through his obligations, but I am gonna call him in about 30, about 35 minutes and see if he'll come on. See, we might be moved on some to some other subjects.


Right. But if coach, if, if time comes on guys, are we gonna Go back circle, We gonna circle back, circle back, Circle back, circle straight u-turn. Listen, they can say what they want. Yeah. The media can say what they want about Prime. The media can say what they want about the program, the players. But one thing about when the Colorado Buffalo's are playing the game is always exciting. The game is always entertaining. They had a little slow start. They had a little low and had to come back. But the way this game ended is what it's all about. Yes. For, for where they come from when they were won in 11 and winning one game to where they are now, which I would like to consider them must see TV despite what others may think.


And Travis Hunter, if he is not in the top spot to win the Heisman Trophy, they need to cancel all voting from now on. Yeah. Yeah. Not only is it effective on the offense side of the ball, but making big plays on the defensive side of all actually winning this game for the buff night. Speaks volumes. Speaks volumes. Now we've had this conversation before and I saw something come out about Travis Hunter saying that everyone is saying that he can't play both ways in the NFL. And the more I watch him play at the collegiate level and contribute on both sides of the ball making plays on both sides of the ball, especially after the night, the more and more I feel he will be able to get it done again.


I will still say In packages. In packages. Especially from a defensive, the defensive, yeah. Perspective ocho, do you realize, think about it now. So you go guarding Tyre, Jefferson, chase, cd, AJ Brown. Yeah. Aman St. Brown. Yeah. Those G come on now. Yeah. Okay, now you go to the offensive side, you gotta go up against Sace Gardner, sir. Stingley Jr. Come on now. Yeah. Come on now. They, they, Hey. Hey. I'm not saying like I'm saying he's talking about playing full time. Right. We're not saying that he can't do it. Right. We're saying he's gonna have to play if there'll be packages, right? Like they have for his coach.


He knows Prime. Yeah. Prime like bro, y'all, y'all try to do put me out here against Dion, put me out here against Jerry. Right. Sterling Sharp, Chris Carter, Michael Irving, Chris Herman Moore. Yeah. Andre Rising. And then you still want me to go over there and, and then try to beat those other guys. The Darl Greens. Yeah. And Neils Williams. That's asking an awful lot to play that many snaps. He is immensely talented, immense, immensely talented. Yes sir. But to play a hundred snaps in the NFL 1617 weeks. Yeah, that's a lot. I mean, it it is a lot. And I I, I hope for his sake that he has to remember you wanna get drafted as wide receiver the Yeah.


For the money. The money, the money is at the wide receiver position. But you can make them in that much more if you're able to get those packages installed because they would have to pay you for that. Yeah. They have to pay you double God damn Sha Hoho Ani is making 700, 700 million because he's graded two things really great at two things. Batten slugging and he can go out there and strike out 11 or 12 a night. But you, but you see what happens when he just plays one. Yeah. He ain't doing this. If he pitching, he ain't going 52 and 52. Right. You see the difference? Yeah. Yeah. Now he has that. Think about it, he's just a dh so all he does is hit and take his ass back to the dugout.


So either you gonna strike him out or he gonna steal a base or he going hit over the fence one the other, he back in the dug One. The So yeah. Could he do it? Yeah. But how, how impactful, because at the end of the day, you want to have impact what? Regardless of the side you play, you want to have impact. Right. And like I said, I think Time is the perfect guy to navigate this because Time was really the last guy to like do it, to play receiver. I think some one of the receivers got hurt and Time played it, but he wasn't an every down receiver. Right. Right. He was an every down db. They had packages for him. He came in on third down, they had certain packages for him and that's where he, he was able to to shine in that situation.


Right. And Exactly. But this, but this young man is unbelievable. Yeah. Because like I said, I'm old enough to remember Champ, when Champ did both of them, Charles Woods, Woody Charles Woodson won the Heisman doing both of them Miles. Jack, you remember Miles Jack, the UCLA, the linebacker and running back? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So we've seen guys do it, but it's hard for me to say somebody did it higher. Like I said, I believe he has a great chance right now. He's the leading, he's the leading candidate Yeah. For the Heisman. And it's not even close o by far, by far it's even close By far now it's, it is to us, to us that understand the game. It's not even close now to the voters who we don't know. Who we don't know.


I, I, I couldn't even name, name a voter. You know how they are, they like to play games now. They like to play games based on who they like and probably because he plays for Prime, because he probably plays for Colorado. That's a knock on him anyway. And they would, they would they a personal vendetta not to even vote for him when I just hope win like six, seven games Charles To see he's a clear favorite to win the goddamn high school. Yeah. He, because here the O Joe, the question is he's the best player in college football. Yeah. We are not saying he's the most important. We know the importance of a quarterback. Quarterback. Right. But the Heisman Trophy says the best collegiate player. Tell tell me.


I wanna know. Hey. And I watch, you know, I watch, we watch college football because on Saturday we gonna have to come on. You tell me the college football player right now be a arch mass manning a Mel row. You talking about, tell me the quarterback Right. Tell me the quarterback running back receiver. That's better than Travis Hunter. Yeah. Right now. Not, not, not only better that, that's must seet v he's must seet v no matter what, if the Colorado buffs are playing, I know it's prime and what prime brings to the table and, but the charisma and the personality and everybody who wanna see him, someone, it's like Floyd Mayweather. Some are tuning in to watch him fail some actions. Yes. Wanna see him win.


But Travis Hunter, it's all about the product you put on the field, the product that goes on the field. People wanted see Travis Hunter, when Atlanta Falcons were playing, people wanted to see Michael Vick. When the Minnesota bikes were playing, people wanted to see Randy Moss. Yeah. That means that, that's just what it is. When the 49 ERs were playing, they wanted to see Jerry Rice. And then when Jerry left, hell shit. They wanted to tune in. They wanted to see to, because you never know what's gonna happen. Those type, those type of players like a Travis Hunter is what puts seats, puts asses in His seat. Butts in seats. Yeah. Put a put asses in seats Or So people are talking about Cam Look, we're not trying to be dismissive of anybody. We th I think Cam Ward is playing unbelievable, but the best player Right.


In college football as we and Ocho and I talk right now. Yeah, yeah. It Travis Hunter is not close. Yeah. Cam, cam Ward, it's not closed. Yeah. Cam Ward is nice. And he is, he is solely responsible for the, for the turn around in the hurricane. But what, what, what Travis Hunter brings to the table, what Travis Hunter brings to the table. Yeah. Not just as a player, but in other aspects that you can't even that, that you can't even quantify or talk about. That has nothing to do with Heisman voting. It's completely different. It's eons above what any other college player has to offer. Yeah. If you, you gotta go back a ways to find a a, a college player.


I mean, there've been, some guys had some unbelievable season. Joey b had an unbelievable season, the 60 touchdowns and almost the 5,000 yards. But man, what this kid is doing at the level, he's playing over a hundred snaps a game. Yeah. And he's impactful on both sides of the ball. Yeah. There's one thing. Oh, Joe, you know, we, we, you get guys that come in like, oh, he played both sides of the ball. We're talking about a guy that's impactful. He's leading the team in receiving. Yeah. He's, he pass breakups picks fumble force fumble the biggest player of the game. He caused it. Yeah. It was him catching the football, getting them in position. Right. Making got the pi, he almost made a great catch and they ruled that it was incomplete, but he gave, got the pi.


He's, he is a phenomenal talent. He's a phenomenal talent. And the thing is, he's raw. Just think if he worked on a skill set, just think on says a son, we want you to, we want you to do this. Right. So we would just want you to do that. Do you realize with this talent how good he could actually be? Hey, if he gets with, if he gets with certain receiver coaches that can fine tune everything. If he gets with certain DB coaches that can fine tune everything. There's a DB coach, man, listen, there's a DB coach in Atlanta, his name is Oliver, I think Oliver Davis. And he works with some of the, some of the NFL dbs.


Boy, man, listen, if he get with, you know, receiver factory for, for as far as, you know, fine tuning the, the, the the receiver stuff. Receiver You. It's all about the release though, Joe. Listen, A gold feed global, some of them dudes that really work on that stuff. Yeah. That what they talk about. It's all about release. God. Man, man, listen, tra Travis has has the chance to be so special. He can almost be something we haven't seen before because he's so dynamic on both sides of the ball. Yeah. Just he needs to get a little stronger. Yeah. Because that's, you know, you, you saw on one of the plays that he ended up getting the db let the DB ride him. You gotta get that hand off you.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get the hand off you. Right. And a g and gifts should do a big target, but like I said, he's, it's hard to work up when you're good at a lot of different things. It's hard to specialize in one thing. Right. So he's not like Ocho he's going over there like, okay, today I'm gotta spend, I'm gonna spend working on routes. Right. Because guess what they got practice they got, he got, he gotta go cover the route receiver. Yeah. So I can't work on routes. Right. Or he can't say I okay, I'm gonna work out a back fellow transition. Well you gotta run routes also, but he's just raw. I'm talking about just God-given gifted ability. Yeah. Yeah. You might not have seen a whole lot of guys that have more God-given ability Right. Than what this young man possessed and his desire to be. Great.


Yeah. And, and Time has done a great job. I think Time told his mom, I'm I, I ain't in his life for two or three years. Right. I'm gonna be in his life for the rest of his life. And he treats him like he's his own son. That's that's, you know, he promised his mom, he promised his people that he was gonna take care of him. He was gonna look after and he's done everything that he said that he was going to do. Right. Because that's the thing Ocho, when they go into these moms and grandmom's house or their parents' home, I'm looking at that kid, he say times like, look, I played 14 years in the NFL first ball hall of Famer. I'm the best defensive back, arguably one of the top five defensive players that ever play this game.


Your son good enough to play in the next level. I would love the opportunity to help guide him through the next three to four years of his life. Not only help him achieve the level of going to the NFL, but I want to help your son, grandson become a great young man. Yeah. Become a great pillar of the community. That's what I'm offering. Yeah. Because he can go anywhere. Yeah. And go pro. Oh yeah. But I'm offering the opportunity to guide your son, your grandson, to a level of respect. He's a pillar in the community and it's something, not only can you be proud of what he accomplished on the field, but you'll be more proud of the son and grandson that you raised.


That's what you go and you sit down and you try to sell. Yeah. Parents and grandparents and I think time has done unbelievable job because he cares about the kids. Like I said, I know him a lot better than most people. Everybody just see the brashness and him talking and the girls and all that. But I know him on a much deeper level. The man is always wanted the coach a lot of times like, bro, I ain't really called to talk about no coaching bro. Man with the kids. The kids. He loves kids. He loves working with kids. He has the patience of Joe. Yeah. And, but, but this kid right here, man, he, he is, he's special. I I a, he's special. He's special. That's all I can say. Ocho, he's special. And I've been around some great, some great talent.


Like I said, I was in the league, I mean I'm only a year, I'm a year behind time. Right. I was in the league when Bo was in the league, so I saw greatness up close. But to watch this kid and to see what he's able to do, I played against Champ. I was in the league with Woody Charles Woodson. Man he's special. Oh yeah. He's special. He's special. That was Shado. I don't know. I mean what do we say about Shado 25 or 41? 3 41. Two touchdowns. He got sacked eight times. Yeah. Think about it. There was a stretch Ocho, he got sacked four times on five on five possessions And you know, you know what's I mean?


On five, on five on five different, you know, five plays, four sack four times. You Know what's funny about quarterbacks most of the time what happens to 'em when they continuously get hit, especially at the collegiate level, They get gun shy, You get gun shy, you get rattled, you get happy fever. Yeah. You stop, you stop going through your mechanics, you stop, you stop going through your read, you stop processing information the right way. You start, Well you start looking for the rush Bingo. You start in. Yeah. You start anticipating is what we call in in the NFL what we call seeing ghost. Yeah. Yeah. Even though you done got hit so much OCHO and it's not there, you anticipate being there. Exactly. Because you done got hit so much and then all of a sudden, like you said, you get to happy feet and you start seeing things.


Right, right. And not even there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, nah, Nah, he was po He was POed. He was poised the whole time. The whole time. Regardless he was, what was going on around him? He was, he was sensational. Ocho I, I just couldn't understand. Mm. If you watch, if you watch Baylor, Baylor played, if I don't know how many plays they ran. Hold on, lemme see. Lemme see. Team steps 'cause I wanna see, see you had the ball for 12 more minutes. They had a hundred plus more yards turnovers. Total plate. Hold on. Total yards. First down cu you had 24, they were very comparable and third down efficiency.


Seven or 17, eight of 18. How many plays did, don't they give you college plays? Do they still, how many plays did C you run Ash but when you think about it, let's say C, you ran 80 plays, right? Baylor probably played 76 snaps for cover Two because we dare you to run it because we don't believe you can can Run the ball. Yeah, Yeah. We don't believe, we don't believe you can run the ball Eff especially efficiently enough to scare us and make us drop down. Thank you. So they playing cover two or they playing cover 25.


I am Carrie champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game and can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is Only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting Better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, I, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game Is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. Listen to the making of rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you Can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like Why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Star Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football. The search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got Straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse if that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And so when I look at it, I'm like bro, and didn't see you, they running man because they can't generate pressure. I was like, bro, get outta that man. Right? Because guess what the quarterback is like, pretend like he looking for somebody and take off and then he takes off. He gone. Yeah. Or or you get picked off and if the guy running SCO free, I'm like bro, y'all gotta get up out that man. Yeah. Or if anything, if, if say if anything because you have a dual threat quarterback. If you going play man, you gotta have a goddamn spy. Well they tried with coach. They tried to play, they tried to play cover one when I got in the league, we used to call it lurk. Right? Right. Because the safety, they'd be split and then he'd be lurking down looking to pick off crosses.


Right. They started calling it a Seattle started calling it robber cam chancellor was the robber robber. Yeah. And so what it and what it meant robbing any crossing router. Remember how he blew up Demarius Thomas rest his soul in the Super Bowl. Remember how he caught Vernon Davis? Yep. All those crossing routes, how he was blowing people up. That was the coverage single high robber they got. They ran that snap and then it was like, bro you can't run that because everybody else got their back. Right. If it's not a crossing route, think about it. If it's not a crossing route that he's picking off, then what happened when the quarterback comes out the back door? Yeah. Yeah. You stuck a long game. Yeah. I say ba but it that like, like I said, you and I play having played the game.


Understand when you start pounding the quarterback Al Davis corner, the famous saying, he say the quarterback must go down. Yeah. And he must go down hard and it needs to go down hard within the first couple of possessions of the game. Right. Get, get him Off the beat. 'cause now football in its truest form was always about intimidation. Oh yeah. I'm gonna knock your block off in the first quarter whether you catch the ball or not. I'm gonna plant that seed in your mind. Oh yeah. See it's so funny that you just say that I'm one of the few players, right? If you think about it, And, if you know my history, you know, as a player and, and my resume, it speaks Volume and it speaks for myself. Like I was, I was the enforcer.


I was the intimidator. Like if you've talked to Ray Lewis, if you talk to Lawyer Malloy, you talked to to Rodney Harris and to Ryan Clark and Troy Polamalu, like they were, they were scared of me. They were scared because I intimidated them before the game even started. Colorado ran 83 plays ocho, I guarantee you at least 75 to 77 snaps was covered to a two man. Right. Because you played that seven man box ocho. Because I can protect, I can protect my corners because CU does have speed at the wide opposition. I can protect them with shell safety. But I don't believe you can run the football so I can stop you with this light box, which is a seven man box.


Yeah. It Was just the flip side for Baylor. Baylor was like, nah, we fixing to, we y'all can't, y'all can't, y'all can't run. Right. So I'm just gonna play this. Shell see you like, well damn we can't really stop with seven so we gotta drop this safety down. Well when you play that coverage, like that quarterback got legs and most quarterbacks in there. Most quarterbacks now the likelihood of you finding a pure pocket quarterback Slim to None, that's over slim to none. That's Over. That's over. You're not gonna find a Tom Brady, you're not gonna find a Drew Brees. You're not gonna find A-A-A-A-A Peyton Manning anymore. Eli Manning. You're not gonna find those. All these guys.


I'm not saying they're gonna be Mike Vickle, Lamar Jackson. No, but they're gonna have the ability to punish you with their legs. The damn Marino days are over those. Those are over. If you look at the quarterbacks that have success now all of them can do what punish you with their leg. Yeah. I'm not saying everybody is is Justin Fields or Lamar Jackson or Josh Allen. But if you go back and study the last two Super Bowls Yeah. It was Patrick Mahomes legs that got them outta harm's way. Yeah. And that's the difference now. So you playing these coverages, oh he ain't going nowhere the hell you say them guys go, them guys gonna take off on you and when you go past them and that's what you have to understand. Yeah.


Once you get even with the quarterback. So he take his drop normally every very few quarterbacks now ocho play up under the center, everybody's in the gun. So by the time they take the, you know, get the ball and take those three steps back. Yeah. If you in the edge rusher, once you get even with it, you better not run your ass up the field. You better level off. Oh yeah. Because he'll jump out the window then He gone. He gone. That's it. But man, that was what an unbelievable game. What Pride has done. This was the worst power five football team in America. Yeah. There wasn't one game and they were, nobody was interested. Nobody covered Colorado.


All we know is that they lost all the time. Now we are, we know now whether you like or dislike their owns espn, their own Fox. Yeah. There's a reason why. Yeah. There's a reason why. And like you said, it's kind like the Floyd Mayweather. Some people tune in because they wanna see Prime do well and then some tune in to say, man I sure hope we lose by 40. Yeah. And you know, it is like when people attack his son, as I told him, I said, bro, they ain't attacking your son, they're attacking you. Yeah. Because see that's a, what were they gonna say? Oh, he got beat when? Who?


Oh, he had a bad game. What, what were you watching? But see, any little thing they can nitpick. See a bully. If he can't beat your brother up, he gonna pick on you. Right. So that's their way of trying to get at him at, at time because for 14 years he was untouchable. But what I saw from Shado, man Nice. He made it the right stuff. Ojo nice. He made it the right stuff. Listen, he a and you know, he like, he a he take a look at and keep on Ticking. Yeah. You know what's important when draft time, when draft time comes, the situation he goes, goes to not what picky is, I, I don't care what picky is.


The most important thing, the situation he goes to is extremely important that they have the support and cast surrounding him so he can play at the, at his highest level. It ain't, it ain't how high you go, it's where you go, where you go. The right situation determines your success. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Go to the wrong situation and people swear you can't play Play. Yeah. Allah, Allah brother Bryce Young. Yeah. Hell who could play? Hell they didn't think Sam Donna could play. They had Baker Mayfield looking out there like he was like he was walking back with Yeah. Now he go to a steady situation, a stable situation. Now look at it. He has quality, he has a Mike Evans, he has Chris Godwin Baldwin.


You look at Sam Donald, he has quality receivers and they still haven't gotten Jordan Addison back yet. And look at the way he's playing. Yeah. Now you put him in some place that they, that that's that the old line isn't very good. The organization isn't very good. He doesn't have he, because at the end of the day, we all play dependent positions. We're dependent on someone for our success. Yeah. And then look, I I keep telling you, look at Peyton. What Peyton Manning had, Peyton Manning had Marvin Harrison and he had, and he had Marshall Fault. Yeah. He had two first ballot Hall of Famers the day he set footing iny and then they drafted Reggie Wayne in the first round they drafted, they traded Marvin Harrison and they ended up, not Marvin Harrison, they traded Marshall Faulk and they drafted Edge.


Rin James were the top five pick. Yeah. Dallas Clark was the first round pick. Anthony Gonzalez was the first round pick. Joseph die was the first round pick. Yeah. They had Brandon Stokely in there. You see that? Don't, don't forget about Dallas Clark, man. Yeah. They drafted Dallas Clark with, he was the first round pick Patrick Mahomes situation. He had Kelsey and Tyree and then they bring Sammy Watkins in. Yep. Those, those I I I call those competent owners that know how to draft. Well, Well general man, I mean the best thing to happen if you got a general manager that understand Right. I love Howard Roseman. You see what they did, they like, oh a man Jaylen hurt if we want him to succeed.


Look at what he had in Alabama. Right. He was throw, he was throwing to Judy. He was throwing to Waddle. He was throwing the rug. Yeah, he was throwing, he went to Oklahoma. Yeah, he had Hollywood. Yeah, he had Cd He was throwing us some dogs, man. And he still, he still Throwing. So if we wanna see if we wanna see him succeed, okay, we drafted Devonte, let's go get Oh AJ Brown, brown available. Lemme get that. Okay, lemme get that. Yeah. Yeah. One hand washes the other. Yeah. You want your quarterback to succeed. You put people around him to help him succeed. You want your receivers to succeed. Give them competent quarterback.


Play one hand washes the other. Right. But Prime, this was an unbelievable finish. Where Ocho, we almost got 50,000. Come on Chad. Call some friends, tell 'em to catch on the Nightcap, unc and Ocho, we out live prime effect. Wait. Whoa. How Colorado Buffaloes 38 31 over the Baylor Bears in overtime. Shado Sanders, 25 of 41 3 41, 2 touchdowns. Travis Hunter seven catches a buck 30 sensational and horse fumble that ended up the game, ended up creating a touchback and the Colorado Buffaloes winning in dramatic fashion after being down by 14 points. They come back late, they were down 31 24.


Late in the ball game, they get a Hail Mary at the end of the game. They get the ball in overtime, they go down the field, they score, they force Baylor to fumble and they win a ball game. And so now they're what? Three in one Colorado? Three in one and they're won in. Oh. In the conference. So congratulations. See you Buffaloes, Coach, Prime, shado CU fans. I know you guys are loving that. Oh yeah. And congratulations Ocho. Yeah. U USC loses to Michigan ah, 27 24. The mo the Wolverine scored on a one yard TD run by Khalil Mullings with 36 seconds left in to pull out the win keeps the the offending national champ in the college football player Mick and leaves rink Lincoln Riley frustrated over a win that got away the Wolverines offensive struggles continue.


Alex Orgy. Is that how you say his name? Orgy. Orgy making his first career start accounted for only 75 yards. A total offense. Yeah. He had 32 yards passing. 43 yards rushing. But when it mattered the most, Michigan drove the ball. 89 yards. 80 yards. Yeah. 10 played reclaimed lead. Man Ocho, how you let a team throw? They threw the ball 12 times. Yeah. Completed. Seven of them What for 32 yards? No, When you think about it, you gotta understand the dynamic of these, these two teams. You have one team that, that throws the ball. Do they? They're very dominant as opposed to using the past for their success.


And obviously Michigan no different than last year. They run the ball and this year they still had the same formula and USC there was nothing they could do about it. It came down to the very end and they allowed them to do the exact same thing, run the ball right down their throat. They imposed their will on USC and went right down the field. USC is more of a a finesse team. They're a finesse team. That, that, that, that's the, that's the only thing, the only way I can think of, of a way to, to categorize them as you know. Now, if they were playing another finesse team that also throws the ball all Willy-nilly all over the place, then I think maybe they, they might have pulled that one out, but Michigan did what they needed to do.


They not pass happy. Stack the goddamn box. Stop stack, stack the box and stop the run. If you can't stop the run, they gonna keep doing exactly what they do. Well that's running the ball. Ocho Michigan ran the ball 46 times for 290 yards. Ocho is like when you were growing up and your mom or your grandma say, I'm gonna cut your ass and you know, there ain't nothing you could do about it. It's going to happen. It's inevitable. Yeah. And you know Michigan's going to line up and a ain't nothing more deflated Yeah. Than moving a man against his will. Well yeah. USC know they gonna run the ball. They've only thrown the ball 12 times the entire day. Yeah.


You know what they going to do. And for you not to be able to stop it, Ocho Yeah. When you hear us say move a man against his wheel, think about it. Somebody know you come, they know you coming, you know they coming and you still can't stop them from doing what they want to do. Do you know how embarrassing that is? Do you know that's the, that's the most Oh man, that thing hurts the most when somebody just run the ball. You like, okay the ball bounced off his helmet. You know, we almost had it but for him to just turn around and hand the ball off. Yeah. And it's just bludgeoning blow after blow after blow And ain't nothing you can do about it.


Hey, I don't care. They ain't a, they they, it is not a material known that can't be broken if you beat it enough. Yeah, That was a good one. Damn. I ain't got no pen. I ain't got my pen. Damn. Beat it. If you hammered enough. Oh eventually it's, it'll break. It's gonna break. And that's what, and that's what Michigan did. Michigan ran it and ran it and you broke, you broke they spirit because they know you running, you are gonna run the football. It ain't a damn thing we can do about it. Damn it. Damn. I, you know what? I ain't gonna lie to you.


I wanted Michigan to win because I want, I want Sharon to go and get this contract. Oh yeah. Yeah. They, they, they, they gonna have to give it to me at some point. They gonna have to give it to him. Listen, this is a great start for him because now the boosters, the athletic director and whoever else is in a position of power where he needs to get paid. This is how it starts by winning games like this. Yes. Even though it was, it might have been an ugly win, but a win is a win. Well yeah, but that's the way they, they they don't have a, they don't have a quarterback Now JJ McCarthy went to the NFL. Right? I think he was what? The 10th pick in the draft. And so I mean so you don't have a quarterback every, most teams don't have quarterbacks lined up. Yeah. You don't get situations where you have two and then you go to Mac Jones and then you go to Bryce Young and then you got j Jaylen Mel.


It doesn't normally happen like that ocho. Right. Every once in a while you'll get a Carson Palmer and then you'll get a Matt Liner and you get a Matt Barkley guys that are really good collegiate quarterbacks. Right. The Carson had a a, a a, a very good NFL career better than Matt. Matt had some injuries, had some situation. Mark San Barkley played. Okay. Yeah, Barkley played okay. But normally it's, it's tough to line it up like that where you just get great quarterback play Now, I don't know what TCUT, not TCU Texas Tech. They have great college quarterback. See you. Like every year they had a no y'all aint, y'all had Andy Dogg. That was it. Y'all had one situation, y'all went to a bowl game and y'all quarterback wanted to go party the night before the bowl game.


Yeah. Boykin. But yeah, ocho it, it, it, it is tough but give him credit. Give Michigan credit, we win how we win. Yeah man, I ain't finna go out there. We, we don't have, we don't have a quarterback that can spin it. Right. We don't have receivers that can go out there and do and do what some of these other teams do what we can do. We got a big physical offensive line And. we got a good run game, so, okay. Stop it. Hey, Always play to your strengths. Always play to your strengths until they prove they can stop it. Yep. Until they do that, we run it right down your throat, baby. Every time. Absolutely. Josh Heel number six, Tennessee.


Hey, looked like a contender with a 25 15 win of the number 15 Sooners and the SEC debut The Ball's defense forced to safety shook up soon. Soon as quarterback Jackson Arnold Enough that he had to be pulled late in the first half and, and was replaced by freshman. Michael Hawkins Jr. Yeah, it was a sweet homecoming for High who quarterbacked the Oklahoma to a national championship and was later fired as offensive coordinator. The game, the game was, the game was very sloppy at the beginning. Huh? The game was very sloppy to the beginning, the first half. It, it was really, it was, it was stalled out. They had multiple turnovers. It was very sloppy. The first, the first turnover obviously from, from for Jamal McCoy was the interception shoot.


Hell, the damn, the story of the game was the Tennessee defense forcing that goddamn damn safety forcing two, two turnovers, two fumble, two fumbles, one in the end zone and the turnovers is one of the reasons why Tennessee won that game. Boy did you see that hit? They put on that. Oh was it wide receiver or running back? They was running on the sidelines number Two. Number two, you gotta, you gotta protect yourself. Whatcha doing? Hey, I know it felt like trees was falling on his head. Listen, He running, he running all pretty, he running down the sideline. All pretty Man. Yeah that look good. That look a trying To look good man. He boy you about Tighten up. Did he not know that? He's in the SEC That ain the big 12.


Well you run Scott ass free. Free. Oh yeah. That's a different ball game boy. Boy you better let him hang. They come, they going, They come party. He, he was shook up a little bit. Hey you better. Hey you better put your belt tight. Yeah, they'll knock him up. They'll knock him up off you. They play. Hell no. Hey he was like, he was just like, oh yeah, hey I'm about, he was, hey he was running pretty on the side. He Disappeared And, and chose not to step out of bounds. If you're not gonna step outta bounds, you better be, you better be Marshawn Lynch or you better be Marian Barber or Adrian Peterson and understand either gonna deliver the hit or you gonna get hit.


Yeah. But but see you gotta be anticipated to see somebody coming. I don't think, I don't know what he was thinking because he was running like he was like in in the free, clear, Chilling Boy. He probably like what happened boy they knocked the brakes off me. Hey he yeah I guarantee he know now. He know he disappeared. O Joe, he disappeared. I say well damn. He know better now Than the worst kind joke man. You know we be on the sideline and somebody get a big hit. Yeah. We be like, ooh man. Man, hey man, you all right? Yeah man, man, man, that boy knocked machine because we gonna get them jokes off now we gonna make sure you okay?


Yeah. Once you say yeah man I'm good. Oh, them Jokes gonna Fly it. Oh yeah you hey you don't wanna be that because they go Hey, hey coach. Run that back right quick.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game and can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is Only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting Better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear them noise. I just come. You play basketball rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This Game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting Better. Listen to the making of rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York, who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you Can. I mean the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


March Arch Manning. Highly anticipated starting debut. Arch had to share ups and downs, but the Longhorn do. Longhorns dominated over Louisiana. Monroe 51 to three in front of a hun, almost 103,000 at Darl. Kay Royal Texas Memorial Stadium. Arch. Manning. 15 to 29. 2 58. Two touchdowns, two interceptions Manning LED Longhorns. First team offense for 10 series, leaving the game early in the fourth as true Freshman Trey Owens, end of the game. Oh, he was throwing it? Oh yeah, he aired it out. He, Hey listen, arch gonna be okay. Arch. Oh yeah, Arch gonna be okay. After that first interception. After that first interception, no, I'm not sure what he was looking at, but after that, oh, he was dealing, he was dealing like a goddamn, like a deal at a casino in Vegas, man.


Yeah, we were letting that thing fly. He gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. How long, how long you think Quentin s is out? Because you know the start part? Quinn. Yours? Quinn. Yours. Oh, yours. Oh my bad, my bad. You yours, Yours. How long he out? Yeah, I What they say? A couple of weeks. Couple of weeks? Yeah. This Buddy, these listen this, this is some, this is some good stuff. This's some good stuff for Arch, you know, to, to, to get some time in, get acclimated to the speed of the game. Being able to read defenses and, and, and process information. So next year the arch coming out early and you know what's gonna happen when it's his time That That ain't, that ain't really the norm, man, is philosophy.


What? Remember Peyton four years, Eli, four years. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But listen, time to play, that ain't time. Times have changed But Ocho but you have to understand we coming out because my grandfather ain't play the NFA. Right. My uncles ain't playing the N nfl. He's straight. Yeah, he good. He good, he good. Especially with the IL stuff, especially with the NIL stuff. You even more. Yeah, he doing mill. Yeah, but listen, but, And and that's one of the reasons that he went with Sark. Yeah. We're gonna have Sark on here. I reached out to Sark. Like I said, I don't, you know what O show, I don't really be like, I, I know Sark. And so I reached out to him and he said he'd love to come on with us.


So we're gonna get Sark here in the next week. So I might, I might call. I'm a, I should call him, see if he come on. I should call him and see if he come on tonight. Yeah. Lemme see. Lemme see. I don't know. But I mean, listen, Arch Manning is probably gonna be ahead of the learning curve as far as from the, you know, from from the quarterback position and with the way he looks now, another year under his belt. I could see him coming out early. I could see him coming out early. Well, to, to obviously to the right team. 'cause I, they're probably pulled what they did with Eli. But Eli had to go to San Diego and Brother Archie man was like, Uhuh, Uhuh.


No sir. Not happening. No answer for Sark. Lemme call. Oh, he had the podium. Okay. Okay. Time's at the podium. So Ash gonna give the heads up? Yeah. Yeah. When he leave the po when he leave the podium? Yeah. Hell, when did Soni Jordan bring went out? Okay. Oh, they're probably both at the podium. I'm gonna try to, I'm gonna try to get, I'm gonna try to get one of 'em, if not both of them tonight. I got, let's see what we can do. Dude, I, I listen, I, man listen, I can't wait. The Prime Prime gonna tell you 'cause you not gonna believe.


He gonna think I'm lying. But I was able to help recruit, you know, prime had me as, as a recruiter during the off, during the off season. And I went into two homes and talked to, talked to some parents and I was able to get them to believe in, in not just me, but in, in what we had going on at Colorado. So I, I'm, I'm somewhat of a contributor to the success that Colorado is having right now. And Prime can attest to that when it, when it comes on. Texas ran ball 52 times, 239 yards. So they had what, almost 500 yards of total offense. Woo. Look, but, but I mean this is what we expect. You play Louisiana, Monroe, it, you'll give you a little confidence.


They did go on the road, right? They went on the road. They beat the beat, the drunk brakes off off Michigan. So give them credit for that. But you know, you playing a team like this, this is what you're supposed to do, right? You're supposed, you're supposed to beat them handily. Who Is, who is Texas ne next opponent. Matter of fact, who? Texas forget next opponent. When is the next game? That is an actual test? They might, it might be the Red River rival. It might be Oklahoma. Okay. Okay. At the Cotton Bowl. They or they gonna play at Jerry's work? 'cause I know Jerry was trying to get them to move it. They played Mississippi State then Oklahoma.


Okay. Mississippi State lost to Florida today. So, but they Lost the to Florida? They did. They did Man, they did well the Gator soap man. Nevermind. I ain't gonna say it. I'm not gonna say it. Well you know, it's getting fall, you know Gators become less active when it gets start to get cold. But no, it's, congratulations Texas sar, good job. Arch Manning and its first start, the UT 15 or 29, 2 58, 2 touchdowns. Tour deceptions as they went handedly over Louisiana, Monroe, North Carolina, paid James Madison.


Hey, 500,000. That's Embarrassing For an ass whipping. That was embarrassing. Five. Your North Carolina look, you know, we're not shocked anymore. It used to be ocho, we became shocked of James Madison or Appalachian State. Be the Power five team Michigan. Yep. We're not shocked anymore. Right, but when you allow this team to come in and put 70 on you, 70 Hold On. They had 52 at the hal. That's, I was just So, I was just getting ready to say that. I was just getting ready to Say that five turnovers, Carolina had five turnovers. They're most in the game since September 27th, 2018. Those giveaway helped JM set up James Madison two possession beginning inside the Tar Hills 35 yard line both ended in touchdown.


They also gave up one score on a box point, another on a pick six. But it doesn't quite explain how horrendously bad UNC defense was. The Tar Heels allowed 611 yards, 8.4 yards per play. And Mack Brown, he didn't miss Word. Yeah. He said that's not what we saw in spraying. That's not what we saw in the fall. That's not what we saw. The first three games. He says, I don't know what happened. There's no excuse. Right. Damn right. Ain't no excuse for that. That's Embarrassing. It puts to y'all That, that that's embarrassing. And matter of fact, I'm mad James, James Madison came to only play that game and only got 500,000.


Matter of fact, goddamn. Well they Ain't have to travel that Far. North Carolina should, should give them an extra 5,000, an extra five, 500,000 bonus. No. Hell they shouldn't. I wouldn't even pay 'em. You ain't finna beat me and think you gonna get paid then they'll, hell you ain't. Hey they should, hey, they should write. Hey, they should stop the check. Make the check bounce. Yeah, Exactly. Make the check bounce. I mean, if I know what I'm do, if I'm a, if I'm a ad and I pay you, I'm a post date. The check beat me if you want to. I'm say, hey, fraudulent. Hey listen, I put it on a credit card and say, hey, I'm contesting this charge. Hey, give it give it 30 days. You know, you know black folk, we give a post date to check quick. Listen, don't cash this.


Hey wait 30 days, cash It, whatever the date on that check. Yeah. Now you won't be slick if you want to and think you gonna cash it at midnight. I'm telling you, I post dated it for a reason. The money is not going to be in there. Yeah. Until this date at five o'clock. And, and you know what, and, and funny, whatever that date may be at five o'clock, it still might not be there. Yeah. So I'm just saying something might have came up. So if I post, when I post Daddy check you post daddy check now. Don't be, Hey, hey, I'm gonna try to ca Hey bro, what about that check bro. Here, you know what I'm gonna do Ocho let me write you another one because if you go cash, if you go cash down, they gonna walk your ass outta there with handcuffs now.


So come on up by the hot house. Come by the house. I'm gonna write you another one. That's gonna be good. Now this one supposed to be good on Friday. This one gonna be good on Tuesday. Now what you take your black ass in the people bank Talking About? You about Can't just check now. I'm telling you now. Now don't do that. Hey, so hey that, hey, that's us boy. That's classic. That, that's classic. Yeah. Oh, that's classic. So I'm just telling you I'm, Hey, I, I don't, I don't know to tell you, but that's all I got for you now. Now you can go on in there if you want to. Talking about, hey I want my, okay. Hey, that, that's our people every time. Yeah, Because you know if you write a check and them funds ain't there when you put they gonna take, they gonna take they money back and they gonna charge you overdraft.


Overdraft. Yep. So I'm just telling you, I'm just telling you. Oh man. So don't be going to there being Q 'cause I told you not to cash the check. I admit that 30 days. Don't we do that man? Why we, who we started post date checks on, show Us, us, us our people. Yeah. Hey, Shit, quick. Nah, Uhuh, uhuh, Uhuh. Hey can I, can I can, Hey, can I write you check? No, I ain't write you no check. I want you to give it back to me just like I gave it to you. Hell, now I already know you. Oh man.


That's funny. That is funny. Yeah man, people still write checks, don't you? You know, I don't, you know, I don't even know. I have, I have, you know, it's funny, I have a checkbook, but I haven't used a checkbook in a long time. Yeah, I Hadn't, I haven't used a checkbook in a long time. Most of the time now. I mean, I mean, uncle Sam, uncle Sam don't take checks no more do it. He, I think he, you gotta wire him his money. Yeah. Don't, don't play. Listen, as, as advanced as technology is, it really ain't no need for a goddamn damn checkbook no more. Why you bulling? Oh man. You know they be trying. Oh Joe, they be talking about you gonna put your credit card in your palm.


I said I wish I palmed. Nah, Uhuh, Uhuh. Oh no. Absolutely not. Because you know they Absolutely not Because you know, like now Ocho, if you run a traffic light or you run a stop sign or something, they'll send you the thing, they'll send you your license plate in the mail and say you owe like $50. You owe $75. Yeah, Ocho, I got slick with 'em. I send 'em a picture. What y'all not going to get? They sent me a picture of some handcuffs. I said I'll go and send y'all money. I'm just playing. How was just playing on your, I was playing. Hey, they got, they got cameras everywhere. Everywhere. Listen, matter of fact speaking up, well forget the traffic violations. This is why I don't understand why people still commit crimes to this day.


Why are we still committing crime to this day when there are cameras? Ev I'm talking about everywhere. Everywhere. There's no, you Can't help it. O There's no way to get away with anything. You true. Yeah. I, man, I got caught. I ran through, I ran a red light Ocho uhuh, they wasn't a red light. You know how to have them tolls like you supposed to pay like 50 cent or a dollar. Right. And You just kept going. I went, well I went, well first of all, I ran the red light and my dog happened to have his head out the window. I was like, Bo they know it's bro, they know it's me. And then I went and then, and then I went through the, the, the toll. Yeah. And didn't pay. Yeah. Man, that thing cost me like $300. Okay. That, that, that's me.


The toll, the toll's in Miami. I don't, we have, we, we have in Miami we have a, it's called SunPass. My license was suspended because I had went through the toll so much. I didn't even realize my license was suspended because of the toll I Got. Oh yeah, they did. I got pulled over and just so happened, you know I, you know how I am. I'm Yes sir. No sir. License, registration. Here you go. Sir. He came back to the car. I'm assuming because I was so nice and polite. You are like, listen, you know your license suspended wherever you going, you need to get there now and make sure you get this, get this handled and get a sweater. It's suspended. For real. Why? Man, I go to the driver's license place. I owe, I owe them total. I owe, I owe buy maybe 425, 4 20 $5 Mind.


Oh yeah. The total ain't nothing but a dollar. Yeah. So that's how long I they I've Been going for. They got, they, I don't think they got it toll if y'all know what I'm talking about. It used to be on 400. So you going north or south. If you're going up towards Alpharetta or something like that, Canton, you had to go through the toll man. I was like man, I ain't got going ride on through. They take that picture of that credit card. I mean your license plate. Hey, just like it, like ocho. Yeah. And you know people what make me, well man, you know you ain't got no money on that credit card. You already know. And you go there talking about run it again.


Hey you listen, you I know. I don't know what happened. I just, I just deposited some man, stop it. They done ran that thing. I done stood here for six, 10 minutes. Yeah. And they done ran that thing, bro. You ain't got no money. It declined. It said decline. I'm sitting there looking at it. Hey you, you know that's one of the most embarrassing moments when you do have money. Well, yeah, hold on. And there people behind you and they decline and you look back and they stand over your shoulder. They looking at you funny. Yeah. Talking about this ever happen to you. No. Yeah. I'm, I'm glad I'm, I'm glad you know, I'm glad now before you used to have to call right there on the spot. Now you know, they send you a text message or they send you an email just so you can confirm and verify it's actually you.


But before when it should be aligned and you, and you gotta sit there and call and then you gotta talk to the automated system. And the automated system. Then you get go. Oh my goodness man. That's embarrassing. Yeah, Yeah. I mean a lot of times like you do like a, a high purchase because I told him, but you know, I was like, look, it is like, is this Mr. Sharp? They, they'll be like, yeah, he's standing right here. Can you put him on the phone? So you know, they'll put me like, you, you spending, you know, you put a lot of money on, on the card. But for the mo and I, I like that. I, I mean I like the fact that they'll call because I remember one day I was, I was the at CBS. Yeah. And my phone is going off and I'm like, damn, why my phone going off?


Why my phone going off? So the commercial break I stepped and it just so happened they called, they called back. I was like, hello, this is fraud, fraud prevention American Express, Mr. Sharp, are you happen? Do you happen to be at Kmart? I was like, nah, I'm at work. They was like, we thought so somebody is, is using your card. And so we, I said, oh, okay. Thank you man. Ain't never been the kmar day of my life. Somebody done put $2,000 with stuff on my Card. Damn. 2000. But they called, they called me ocho. It, it was just, it was just a fact that they are Shannon Sharpe Sunday. He ain't gonna be at no ca and purpose first of all. And that's how like, okay, he ain't on like a pizza.


Somebody gonna charge a pizza or buy something from Kmart or something. Come on. Oh, they was in Kmart. Put $2,000 worth of stuff on that card. Yeah, Lee. Yeah. I don't even know how they got it. I don't even, I don't, I don't even know 'cause I don't really, like I said, I don't, I don't know how they, how they end up doing it, but they got it. They definitely ended up getting it. So I was glad. Thank you American Express for looking out for your boy. 'cause I definitely was gonna contest that. So good, good thing y'all stopped it. Y'all about to be outta $2,000 because I damn sure wasn't gonna pay it. Woo Ocho. Yeah, Jerry Jones made his weekly call.


It did. I? Okay. I don't know why all a sudden My sales service here is, Oh, it's, you need, you need, you need wifi, man, I got wifi. I mean, it ain't, it ain't good. Could you just say your sales service ain't working?


What is this? Okay, we got, okay, number 10, Utah wins at number 15. Oklahoma State backup quarterback Isaac Wilson tossed a pair of interceptions but was bailed out by running back Michael Bernard's 182 yards on 25 carriers. The big story was the play of the defense. Utah chewed through two OSU quarterbacks gave up just 38 yards rushing and showed why they're more than ready to make a playoff push. I was surprised that how well U Utah played on the road to go in there and play and, and to play that kind of big boy style football. Right. ok. Oklahoma State is not an easy place to win, especially for a team that doesn't normally play.


I mean obviously Oklahoma, Texas team, you're in the big, you're in that conference you used to going there. Right. But Utah, go in there and do what they did. That was, that was very impressive. Yeah, That was, that was, that was one of the few games, obviously there, there were two games I wasn't able to see obviously for one. 'cause I was traveling, I was traveling to Vegas and that's one of the games I wasn't able to watch. But I did see the final score and I saw some of the highlights from the game. And I, when, when I think about Oklahoma State in general, you know, being a Power five school, I didn't think Utah really stood a chance. When I saw the schedule for the games that were going to be airing today. And after seeing the highlights in the way Utah was able to win, I was like, okay. Yeah, okay, Okay. It was had, had it not turned the ball over, I thought it would've been more lopsided than what it was.


Right. But it turned the ball over and kept Oklahoma State in it. Yep. Damn. 2 0 7 52 rushes 2 49. They lost two fumbles. But give them credit to go on the road to beat a fifth, beat a team like Oklahoma State that gives you a lot of confidence. They're number 12 team in the country. Oklahoma State was number 14. That's what you'd like to see their one Oh in the conference 4.0 on the road, Utah goes in, takes down Oklahoma State. 2219 The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match, live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs a Foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented By El Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball. Just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke


Hey. there it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.