
This is an iHeart podcast.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


The volume ML football released their top 10 Receivers in the two thousands. Number one, Randy Moss. Number two to number three, Marvin Harrison. Number four, big game, Tory Holt. Number five, The greatest entertainer of all time. Chad Ocho, Seco Johnson. Number six, highs Ward number seven. Steve Smith, senior number eight, Reggie Wayne.


Number nine, Reverend Knight. Isaac Bruce. Number 10, Anquan Bolder. Hold on. What year did I, hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What I Fitzgerald. Hey. Yeah, listen, now. Kelvin Johnson. Hold on. Hold on. They, and there, there was an argument about this earlier, earlier, all day on, on Twitter, obviously on my timeline because I said, hell f that. Take me out and put Andre Johnson. Now think also, I love, I love Van Quan, what he did for the game. But at some Calvin Johnson has to be on there somewhere as well.


What about Larry Fitzgerald? Larry, he's got the third four catches in football. I said Larry Fitzgerald has to be there as well. But then people said it's the two thousands. So the two thousands, I think Megatron only got maybe three years. 'cause I think he, he came in and I forgot what year he got drafted. I think he came in. He only had three years of how many years? How many years was who? How many years was l Fitzgerald behind Anquan? Because I think, I think, I think Fitz was like one year behind Anquan. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's some mother shit. Derrick Mason. Derrick. Derrick Mason should be on there too now. Oh yeah. I don't think people understand.


D Mason put in some work, man. What that man Julio Jones at, man. But it's, we talking about two thousands though. Julio came, Anquan was 2003. Then. What you saying Julio wasn't in the two thousands? Nah, nah. Julio came in 20, 20 11. He came in 2011. Him and AJ Green. Yeah. Ah, ah, yeah. I, I like, I I like it. I like it. I should have, I should have been hired though. I should been. Matter of fact, I should. Okay. Who, who? You, who are you replacing you replacing balls?


TO Marvin or Tory? Ho? Like just off entertainment alone. I'm number one. Who you were taking out. I'm gonna put, I just told you, you gonna put you, You know when, when we talk about numerical order, right? Doesn't everything start with zero? No, it starts with one. Okay. But before one is zero. Who? Zero is at the bottom, zero at you ain't zero. You don't wanna be zero. All right. I'm gonna be zero. So it is me then, then to then Moss, then whatever order you wanna do, You know zero is a negative number.


Right. Well, hey, listen, I, I was I alright, I, I, I, I was finna have a quick comeback, but I missed it. Oh yeah. I I Think you, I Think you wanna be, so if we, Hey, so we gotta take, we gonna take out Moss T No, no, nah, we ain't. Oh, hell nah. Hell boy, we ain't taking off boy. Uhuh. That's why that, that's why, that's why I specifically said entertainment and fun, value only. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm at the top. That's it. But that a, that was a good list. I'm very fortunate enough that I, I was, I saw all these guys.


That's all these guys. Yeah. Randy to Marvin played against Randy. I don't, I never played against to played against Marvin. Played against Holt, played against Ocho. I'm trying to think, was s was Hys on? What was Hines getting? Hines was on that team in 98. Hey, I know he is on that teammate in 2001. Hey Unc, tell Joe what I did to y'all when we played y'all, Unc. That's what I was gonna ask. Nothing lost. Hold on. I Who had the big game? What, what I did what I did to y'all when we played y'all, Unc I don't, I wasn't there. You in Baltimore. In Baltimore. When we played y'all what I did to you. I think, I Think you might have had like three, four catches.


Come on man. But, and how many tds, how many catches did Ocho have in 2001 against us? Because we beat the hell at Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Get Hey, pull them numbers up. Ash, you wasn't no Hyundai, that's for sure. 2001. That was my rookie year. That's okay. Okay. You was up there talking like you had two 50. Yeah. I mean, I bet How much I had Ash. Ash how much I had. What do you have, Ash? 55, 60 yards? Nah, I had about about two 30. No, no. You didn't play the Baltimore game against us. Yeah, I did.


Yeah. I Think you might have caught a touchdown against us in 2002. I sure did. That's what I was doing. I kept, that was at Denver then. But we beat hell out. Y oh oh. You were gone. Oh, Joe, you had seven targets. Three catch it for 28 yards against us. What I have, what I have Ash. Hey, that boy was skating out there. Huh? What Against Baltimore Ocho? I had you do realize, Ocho you didn't, you, y'all didn't even score. You did what? No hold. I ain't score. It was zero. Y'all had zero. Wait, what, what this again, since you like zeros.


Y'all had that? Wait, hold on, hold on. What year? This was 2001. I played. Yep. Seven targets, three catches, 28 yards. What I have, I do, I have me a tub, a sweet tub. Hold on. What happened to the other five catches? I ain't catch 'em. Well, hey, something wrong with y'all. Yeah. 'cause I, well, first of all, that was four targets mean, because I said you had seven targets, you had three catches, so it wasn't five. You and math didn't do too good. That was four. You didn't catch. Oh no, I, no, I ain't drop no balls now. That's one thing I ain't do. I ain't drop the money. I ain't, I ain't drop the money. My hand. Hey. Oh, my hands was like glue. You hear me? And a tub. Oh, I score in 2001, I score. Oh, that was 2000.


Oh. I had three targets, three catches, 32 yards. Or Joe, you see the difference? Three targets, three catches. Well, you played, you hold on, hold on. You gotta understand what defense I was going against. This was the Baltimore Ravens man. Like, I ain't really, I ain't really get y'all. No, you didn't, you didn't get the 2000 Raven defense. You got the oh one defense. You didn't get that. That's the same thing. Y'all wasn't missing too many pieces now. Y'all wasn't missing too many. Oh, what'd he do? What'd he do the second time? Because that was the home game. I think there. What'd he do? Because I think he had a touchdown. He might had a touchdown. The, the, the second time we played them. Hey, what you mean? Every time I play all I'm gonna score Now, that's what I'm gonna do. No, you didn't. You had little 28 measly yards. Hold on.


You didn't even have, was your first D to catch? Hold on. That's my rookie year. They were just introducing me to y'all. You know when you first meet somebody, Joe? Yeah, I know you. I, I wanna introduce y'all. They, they ain't wanna get, they didn't wanna put, oh, Joe, the first time y'all played, you had one target no catches. Damn. That's it. Oh, You know what? Because see, that's my rookie year. So they ain't really introduced me to y'all. Oh. That was the second time that was in Cincinnati wasn't what happened? What happened? What happened that game? What happened? What I did? What I did? Yeah. Yeah. I had eight, I had 12 targets. Eight catches. 84. Okay. We talking about you had one target no catches. You got, he was out that bulling.


Hey, what year, what year was that? 2001 the year you asked for? That's my rookie year. What that gotta do with us. Okay. What I did after that though, what I did after, I don't know. I wasn't there. I was in Denver. Okay, now you wanna see what we did in Denver? We played y out in 2002. What, what did you do? What you do? Yeah. What I, what I did you in Denver? Yeah, I know, I know. I I knew you lost. I did know. I know that. And I what the numbers, but you lost. Hey, what my numbers look like, Ash, what I did in Denver, I Think you caught a touchdown against Denver. I Think you called a touchdown against us. Right? Exactly. That's what I do. I catch touchdowns, but we beat y'all. Okay. We talking about from an individual standpoint. I can't control, I can't control the team. No. Regular season.


We played in 2003. Yeah. Yeah. What I did then, what I did then, because, hey, by the time 2003 came, Joe, like I had fully arrived. Like I, I was like, I knocked, okay, what was it, what'd he do? Because that was car. I think that, that was Carson. Your Carson was drafted. Yeah. Could I agree? Hey, Hey. What year did you change your name though? To Ocho? What year was that? I forgot. I think maybe 2007. I I just wonder if he'd have played the Baltimore Ravens in 2000. Would he made him change it back? Hey, hey Joe. Listen, I changed my name simply for marketing and branding purposes only. That's all. Oh, and 2000 Ocho, you had 10 targets, six catches, 95 yards in a touchdown.


Ooh, that was me. That all right? That was me. What, what was, what was, what happened? What would this go Ash? 30 to 10 was the score. Oh, Joe, one boy, stop. Hold on. Oh, so I was the only one that score? Yes. And it was late in the game when you scored. Don't matter how long as I got in there. Sometimes. Hey, look, sometimes, sometimes you gotta, when you go on a date, sometimes you don't, You know, you get the first base. Sometimes you get the second, the brace off. That's alright. Hey Joe, I don't wanna tell nobody, but we had to call the dogs off. He scored with a minute left in the ball game.


That was still throw? Yes. Yeah. Well, we ain't had no choice but it though. I don't know what you had, you had a choice. You had four quarters and you had time to do something before then. We beat the brakes off you, Joe. You still, you still celebrated on that one? Oh yeah. No, no, no, no. I listen, one thing I always did, Joe, is I never celebrated, never did a celebration. If we were losing, only if we would've tie the game or we scored first or was it to go up? I, yeah, I, yeah, I didn't, I didn't even play like that. Well, you ain't do no celebrating against my, on the teams I was on. Who? Ocho Man, you lucky. Listen, you lucky we didn't cross paths like at the same time. Like you, you was on the back end and I was coming in.


If I Yes, do your era like Duren and I would've saw your ass up. Boy, boy, Ocho. I was like, oh, I, I'm good for having tubs against Cincinnati kept it. But you have to understand. You have to understand up. We played what, 2000 drunk two. What? What we do in 2000? This before you got there Ocho bit before you got there. We beat the brakes up. Y'all though. Yo, you have to understand how bad Cincinnati was back then. You gotta understand that, Joe. That, that, that's not fair. So y'all defense still suspect. I mean, y'all got some great offensive players. Yeah. With a, with a Joe and, and Chase and Higgins. But ugh, that defense Damn.


Only had, they only had one kiss though. Damn. Oh my bad. Ocho, we beat y'all 37 0 in 2000. I scored twice. I scored twice. I was like, I don't like that. As a matter of fact, I mo Daryl Williams, mo him. Hey D Will, Hey D Hey D will get hit, boy. Not me. He tried to be in the end zone. He had his spell of the odorant though. I'll make a smell. The owner joke, they gonna smell to the owner because the matter, we gonna do that.


I had about four catches. I had about four catches, about 50 yards. Two tubs. Huh? Damn, man. Started Cincinnati in 2000. No, you took about I that's the first game I caught a touchdown. The first game. Like a two yard man. Yeah, it was bad. The game in Cincinnati was bad, Joe. We was bad. The 37 nothing. That's when they knocked Achille Smith. That's when Rob Burnett hit Achilles Smith and knocked him outta the game. Y'all Abouta had like 40 yards. That game. The hell. You see I caught two touchdowns. That game in 2000 I did play.


Yeah, it is, it is in 2000. Yeah. Let me, let me Lord have mercy sense. See what I'm saying? Ass tried to shortchange me. My numbers joke. Shit. Talking about I ain't play that one thing. I'm gonna know Ravens. Okay, this Get 'em right man. Let 'em know, huh? Yeah. Dad tried to shortchange me. We beat him 27 7 Shannon Sharpe seven for 66.


66 in two touchdowns. Against who? The Ravens. I ain't play y'all in 2000. That was, that was when, as a matter of fact, that's when Corey di ran and broke the record against the Broncos. Mm. He ran for 2 75 because the 2 76, because the record was Walter Payton 2 75, who broke O J's record like 2 73. But now don't worry about it, Ocho


We went from normal life, healthy child to a acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude to have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids find childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives org.


Hey, I was that boy. But Joe, you missed it. Sequan. Barclay's Iconic reverse hurdle is the cover of the Madden NFL 26. I I just left Saquon. Huh? That's why I missed this is the sec. Hold on. This is the second straight year. A running back has been on the cover. Krista McCaffrey being the athlete on Madden NFL 25. That sparked the debate of the infamous Madden Curse once more. Are we good? This is the first time a member of the Jacksonville Ja, has been on the cover of a Madden. I'll bet. As a person being hurdled. Damn. Hey, the person getting hurtled. Hey, he got to be upset about that boy. He gotta be upset about Oh yeah, he that he, he immortalized, he made the like, that's like that Jordan push off Ocho.


Wait, the Russell? Yep. Yeah. I wasn't no push off. He just, he just guided him a little bit outta the way. Well, he owned it. He, that that, well, he guided him that forever. Yeah. It it is, it is. I just left, we just, we were at Gino Steakhouse tonight and they turned it into Steak Quan. Okay. Achille cheese steak. It was really, really, really, really dope event. I was able to congratulate Aquan on being the cover athlete. And we talked about the Madden curse. Josh Allen was on the cover, didn't get hurt when? Not, not too long ago. Couple years ago. Yeah. He didn't get hurt. Pastor Mahome was on the cover previously.


He didn't get hurt. So I think Saquon is safe. There have been players that have, that have had small injuries and nothing too major where they missed a lot of time. So I think we, we gotta do it with the whole Madden curse thing. And Saquon is one that take care of his body. Doesn't really get hurt much. He has in the past, but recently he hasn't been hurt. I think he's gonna be all right. And I honestly think there's a good chance that they might repeat. But being, being that the commanders have gotten better, being that Dallas has gotten better, You know, obviously adding George Pickens. I'm from an offensive standpoint and I'm not sure how they would look defensively. I'm excited, I'm excited to see what that N-F-C-N-F-C West looked like.


Man, Ojo, y'all was good. God, y'all was terrible. Who Oja? Y'all had 174 total yards that game. Who? But when you, what year was that? 2000. Because that's what they weren't throwing me the ball. Huh? You wasn't even there. Oh yeah. I wasn't there yet. You better be glad you weren't there. I mean, if, if I was, if the outcome would've been different, I could tell you that. No, it wasn't. Yeah. Used to be, used to be out to raise hell when that ball don't come your way. I think I might have maybe two instances like that. One, it was a playoff game. We were playing the Steelers. When Carson went down, I was very frustrated.


So you have to get your production from somewhere. When a quarterback of that magnitude playbook, the playbook changes significantly when the second quarterback comes in. So at that point now I'm feeling, put me in positions to make up for not having him in. Right. And we weren't able to do that because we were playing the Steelers and the Steelers that year. That oh five year that defense. That defense Joe. Oh my God. So I just wanted to be, I wanted them to stop allowing them to dictate what we wanna do. Let's dictate. Right. Y'all will go do nothing. So outside of that, I, I was really frustrated, Joe, that that was one time in, it was another time.


Oh, same game Joe. I got, I got mad in the same game where? Well, that the, that was the one you was acting a fool in, in, in the locker room. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I just told you. Yeah. Hey, Joe, boy. I see now. I could have said something. See, I knew about this, but I ain't put him out there, Joe, because at that time I was on CCB s and the word that came back to me. Yeah. Lemme say, You know what, what I'm saying. But, You know, I'm not one of those, I, I don't have any problems. You know, Unc, You know, like the ball not coming. I be, I be chilling, Joe. Just that game, the magnitude of the game and you allowing them to dictate to us what we want to do. You thought y'all was going to the Super Bowl, huh? Yes. I promise you.


Hey Joe, all I needed was the ball Joe. Just put him in the hand, Joe. And listen, I wasn't, I wasn't one of those guys that catching the hundred and 20 and 130 passes the season 90. Do you gimme three or four balls a game? I'm good. 'cause two of them. Oh, I'm finna get jiggy. I'm finna get jiggy. I don't need a whole bunch of catches. Right. That shit. Oh, Joe, I would hurt. Since we stand on the Bengals, your quarterback Joe Burrow, who has 4,918 passing yards led the league 43 touchdowns led the league, said the Bengals would've made the playoffs last year. If he had played better. If I'd played even better, we wouldn't have been in the spot where we were in. Well that we were in. I just gotta focus on getting better myself. Yeah. And I feel like everyone in this locker room feel the same way.


If I go out there and play better than I did last year, then it doesn't matter what goes on anywhere else. I like that. I'm glad he took that look. That's my quarterback. No. Played. Well that's not quarter. It was just, he has some constantly turnover that the most inopportune times. And You know, when you play catch up Ocho Yeah. Or you got the lead. Yeah. Because that Baltimore game, the first time that y'all played there, Ocho Yeah. Y'all had a lead and he had some costly, he had a costly, he had a couple of costly turnovers. Yeah. I, I like, I I I love Joe. I like, I I that You know what, as the leader, that's what you're supposed to do. Yeah. You gotta say that. You gotta say, and not very many will do that. Nope. Not very many will do that.


You know what I, I don't like that Joe said what? I don't like that he said he's tired of playing at the Ravens home field in primetime games. Mm. Because I, I, for me as a competitor, I love playing away Raven Steelers, Browns matter of fact, hell, I like playing away just in general. Especially prime time. You mean the, I get to be in a chaotic environment and the whole world is watching. I like that. But for some reason, so I, I just, I don't, I don't like that he said that. 'cause it makes me feel as if he has an issue playing the Ravens in general. Nah. He's like, I, I ain't got, he's like, Hey, let, let us give one of them, let us give one the more prime times.


I mean, say you don't mind having the Bengals in prime time. Let them come to us in prime time. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I I wouldn't have care. I like, I like, I like being primetime and playing in Baltimore. So I'm finna send, I mean, I'm finna send you home with a loss and everybody gotta see it. I mean I'm, I'm looking at it. I look at it differently. Colorado Coach, coach Prime said he was hurt by reports that said his son Shaul was unprepared during the pre-draft meetings with NFL teams. But he also isn't buying the validity of them either. It did hurt. But the Bible says God uses the foolish things to confound the wises. There are some foolish stuff that went on, but that gave them something that they needed.


Like that edge that Tom Brady had, it gave them that edge that you had. It gave them the edge that you have. Folks said we weren't gonna be nothing, but we had to prove, prove them. Prove after you had to prove that it gave them that edge that needed both of them. When you sit up there and say something like, he went into the meetings unprepared. Like dude Shado Sanders, who has had six different offensive coordinators who has the still function at a level. Every time we brought somebody in new and you're going to tell me he was unprepared. You're going to tell me he had on headphones. Anybody that knows my son, understand he's professional. He's going to go into the meeting with the headphones on. Y'all. Come on now. Listen, I, I knew with Bull Jive, I knew they were shucking and jiving when they said it, when the report came out.


Because when you're going to a meeting like that with execs with a higher level, higher level folks at an organization, you go in there a certain way, you ain't gonna have your phones on, you're gonna be prepared. You know, your coach and your father has already prepared you for that moment anyway. So what are we talking about? You know what I bet they did, don't you? He probably had the headphones around his neck. Yeah. And they talking about he had 'em on, had it on. Yeah, I bet you that's what they did. Absolutely. But You know, they gonna change it up when it come out. Then, You know, the story gonna come out. Pretend like just said, You know what guys on our draft board, we didn't have him rated that high. We moved on. But to try to, to try to diminish the man to try to come up with every excuse. Yeah. Like he's unprofessional.


Like, oh, he or, or he had, You know, his braggadocious what, who cares? Yeah, I know they probably critiqued him a little a lot harder than did. Of course they did. A little different. Yeah, absolutely. Of course. Absolutely. Yeah. Of course. Hey, all I know is somebody threw, threw those 4,000 yards. All I knew is somebody had those 34, 35, 30. How would that many touchdowns he threw for somebody did that. Yeah. Somebody inherited a one in 11 or a one in 10 Fran team and within two years they had won nine games and they were in a bowl game. All I know he was the quarterback. I know Jackson State was better with it than they were before he got there.


CU was better with him than they were before he got there. Now, if he doesn't fit your program, O Joe, if somebody doesn't fit your program or doesn't fit you, it's okay. You don't have to say anything negative about said person relationship or anything if they're not for you. Okay. Yeah. But you ain't gotta try to, you ain't gotta try to dog 'em out to try to prep yourself up. Yeah. You ain't had to do that to that man. And and honestly when it comes to the quarterback position, especially that team specifically when it comes to picking quarterbacks, I mean they been missing for a very long time anyway. They ain't pick nobody since C line. Yeah. So, so whoever said that and, and the Browns, y'all ain't did much better.


Let's be real. Y'all hadn't, y'all really hadn't had a court quarterback since test, test verdict since Coza in the supplemental draft in 84. Hey look, I think this is gonna be good for him though. Like I said, I, I just, the little stuff that I've seen Uncle Ocho Yeah. It seemed like, You know, he got his head down and he working. Man. He got, that's all you can do. I know that's it. And I think that's a good thing for him. I know I'm pretty sure he hears the whispers, but he keep his, he keep his head down and keep working man. Good things going happen for him. 'cause the talent is, the talent is there. It's it was, it was an out of 'em. So, man, just keep going bro. Anybody that's gone through adversity understands this Ocho I was seven round draft pick.


They said I was gonna go somewhere between round one and three and I looked at all them guys that went before me and a lot of guys that I had played with in the bowl game. Yeah. I went to, I went to these West Shrine game. I was one of the few division two guys that went to the, that went to a bowl. I went to the blue gray game back then. They used to have a blue gray game Ocho that played on Christmas Day. Right. I was the only division two guy. And if I'm not mistaken, black college guy in that one, it was in Montgomery, Alabama, Cole. Then I go to the east, west Shrine game. I really wanted to play the east west Shrine game because my brother played in that game and not a whole lot of brothers combination played in, in, in bowl game. And so, and to see them guys, I'm like, man, you went to this place, you went to that place, bro.


You have been the second, the second or third receiver at Savannah State. I been, You know, no, y'all being real. I was like, right, right, right. And I'm like, I, I'm just remember thinking like, I remember calling my brother and say Spank, I'm better than all these dudes here. I said, I'm better than all them. I said, hell, if I day, when we play tight end, I can play tight end and I'm better than all these dudes right here draft come along, I go see him. You know, you go combine Ocho You know, you run the line and You know you catching and all that stuff. Hey, we ain't got no technique coach. I'm just out there just raw talent. Yeah. Knowing if somebody give an opportunity, like somebody like okay, teach me how to run routes. Okay. This foot up this foot back. Okay. You know, 10 roll to 12 drop, You know. Okay.


Lets explain man. All them dudes I saw go back and look at the wide Receivers in my draft. Look at the tights of my draft. Oh, I, oh and every time I played against them one. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. For sure. They needed to know, oh, y'all got a little extra dollars, but y'all ain't gonna make money as long as me. Right. Y'all about to be up outta here. So hopefully ur like I said, it is a missed pressure because of his last name. His dad I had, look, I came in two years after my brother, my brother was the first team off when I got drafted.


My brother was first team off pro that year. Mm. He, he led the league in catches and yards. No catches and touchdowns. Right. No yard. Yo. He led the league catches the yards. So, man, man, that's man, what, why he, why, why he go to Savannah state, man? Why he ain't no higher draft pick. Don't worry about that. You about to see. So, but I, I just don't, don't don't, y'all ain't gotta lie on the man. If y'all don't, if you don't want something Ocho let's just say okay. You go to a restaurant. Yeah. Okay.


You ain't gotta, if, if you didn't like, if you don't like what they have, you ain't gotta say the restaurant bad without trying it. Just say what? They didn't have anything on the menu that I like. Yeah. Cool man. It was, man it was dirty. Service was this and man the, the, the, the, the, the waitress, You know she giving you attitude. I asked for extra some water this and she kissing the teeth. Come on. You ain't gotta do all that man. They really have anything on the menu that I like. So, but hey. Okay cool. Move it along. But to try to do this to the man, come on now. I know one thing, this was a blessing to disguise it, Joe.


You and I both said it ain't, it ain't, it ain't how high you go. It's where you go and what you do when you get there and what you do when you get there. That all that's it. But look, he, look, his dad is prepared him for this. He guess what? He's been Deon sand son as long than it hadn't been, he hadn't been anything but that the funny thing about it. So the criticism has always been there. Always. Which is why he gonna be all right. He been dealing with adversity and obstacles for a long time. Yes. Very long time. So this is nothing new. I just, I just hate, I just hate ojo when, when people do stuff like that Joe. You know what I'm saying? You, like I said, if, if, if you, if you don't think he fits your culture, say that cool.


I got no problem with that. I ain't saying draft anybody that you don't think can be beneficial. But you don't have to come up with these excuses. Just say Hey, we didn't have him, we didn't have him rated that high. We thought he was a day two selection. Cool. Ain't got no problem with that, don't you? Yeah. Got no problem whatsoever. But it's the, oh, the arrogance and You know the brashness and the jewelry guys have NIL deals guys making three, four, $5 million now. Ain't nobody broke like we was when we came outta school. It's a lot different. Hell yeah. Different. But they going, they gonna criticize and scrutinize to the, to the highest man.


Yeah. I mean what, what do you, what do you making four, $5 million in NIL money or even got there. So yeah, you going, he gonna have a color in it. He gonna have a, a Lambo or whatever else he had out there. Hell, I went to school. I said he had a pickup truck. You had a pickup truck? I had a pickup a a deluxe. Hey I had a er a little hash. Yeah. See hey that thing get on the road, have no problem. While I got on that freeway it was stick shift. Hey, you like, you like, you like manual man, listen. So going to my sophomore year, my auntie was like, you can come get my car. 'cause she worked at a car rental place. So she drove a different car every day.


Okay. So I get over there to get the car. I said stick shift. I'm like man, I can't drive no stick. You learn quick though, didn't you? I called my uncle, my uncle Tracy, he came over there and we drove around Twin Lakes, the neighborhood. We drove around the neighborhood for like 30 minutes off at Ocho. Then I got on the freeway, shout out to Fairview. Two and a half hour. What? Didn't know nothing about no stick shield. Boy. Hey, because see when you get on the highway then you cool. It's when you, when you get in that traffic out, that freeway and that city traffic, when you got a down, it is got when you got a down shield. Mm. It took me about the whole, it took me about a good two weeks before I could figure out how to get around up it.


And then you gotta understand where the clu of the break is. Hey, but hey, once you get the hang of it, it's a, it. Yeah. It's nothing. Once you get the hang of it. But boy, to start off it's tough. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. You know that thing come up on you in traffic too. They blowing. Hey Joe, they blowing all. Alright. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. I had a whole lot of that. See I grew up on a farm so, You know, driving a tractor, but the glit gears are slower so you aint, you ain't, ain't nobody behind you the damn field. So you go that wrong. A so I I, I kind of knew my brother had that M three. I'll never forget M 1988 he got a M three.


Was it 88? 80 87? It was 87. 'cause we was still at the old house. Man. He dropped it off. I said man, hey I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you drive it for a little while. You let me know when you want me to come back and get it. I ain't even Joe. I ain't even tell him I ain't know how to drive. No. Hey, I learned how to drive over the F three man. I got out there. Hey my sister say teach me. I said Uhuh, I'm trying to learn myself, man. Hey, after about probably like you said a couple hours. Yeah boy I was, hey that was me.


Boy, listen, after you learn how to shift them gears, it's a wrap. It's a wrap. When you NASCAR away, he was coming through that thing. Oh man. And then I was in college. He dropped the Porsches off. He's like, Hey man, You know, hey floss around. Ooh you gotta tell me that you, I'm driving convertible Porsches 9 39 11 slant. No good enough, huh?


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. There was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude to have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in hope today by visiting music gives.org.


The SEC is ratcheting up Penton schools who fans storm the field or rush to court during away an escalating fine system that are not charging 500 foul. Woo. Her incident, the motivation was feel rushing as the rush as the first time, the 18th time commissioner Greg Sankey said the random nature of it, you're the one getting rushed. It doesn't feel good. It might be the first time it happened there, but it might be your sixth time in a row. Literally what y'all think about that? Y'all think guess what? That ain't gonna start them college kids because it ain't none of 'em coming out their pocket. Yeah, yeah. Right. Listen, I I I think I like that it's a part of the game. As long as the players aren't getting hurt, long as the players aren't getting injured, but just rushing the court, man it it, it's enjoyable for the, for the college kids man especially.


But nothing gonna change on They not, they not listening. If somebody listen, if you win a big game too, a lord CD team beat a, a Duke beat, a North Carolina beat to Kansas and it's on the road and, and You know Kansas is playing them or North Carolina's playing. Right. They storming the court. Everybody go to Alabama or Georgia and football and beat them. They storm in the field court. Yeah. It's really that simple. So y'all need to go ahead and sit about $2 million aside because it going happen. Yeah, it gonna happen. It's definitely gonna happen. So I know y'all thinking like oh 500, the kids like ain't no nothing coming outta my pocket.


Right. So what I care y'all could be. As a matter of fact y'all should make it a million because what y'all charge us for these two, these student fees and hey what y'all charging for? Tuition. We getting our money back. Alright, now it's time for we got a new segment coming back Ocho we ain't had in a while. What it's time for Rough Draft. Rough Draft. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I, I done, I done beat you in Rough Draft the last three times man. First of all as me, every time it come time to I'm going last.


You know if you don't pick first that I'm going third on this one. So by the time I go everything gonna be scrapped over that. That ain't it. That ain't it. And just what we doing? Okay. Rough Draft. We will take turns. You're first Ocho second I'm last. And what we're doing, we're talking about cookout must haves things that if you're having a cookout, you got to have Right. No, no repeats. Joe. You up first. Cookout, ribs. Alright, Ocho, Joe got ribs. Ocho what you got Chicken? Okay, I'm going hamburgers.


Alright Joe, you up again? Baked beans. Okay. Ocho potato, the salad. What we at? What else we put on there? Whatever we put on there. I ain't gonna eat no those but we gonna have them G Lizzies. I ain't gonna eat not one of them but we gonna have them Ziess Joe. It the cookout. Who's on? It's on you sodas. Okay. What kind of sodas? Man, I don't drink sodas but You know people gonna have them sodas there.


Alright. Ocho you up. Oh man. Somebody You said baked beans already hung? Yep. You said a potato salad. Damn, that's a good one. Oh man, I don't have to treat you like the draft. You on the clock you gonna pass you, You know what dessert? I don't know what kind of dessert but we damn. Some kind of, some kind of dessert. Yeah, you took out the whole thing. You know what? Don't your, I'm gonna go something. How you gonna have a cookout and you ain't got no ice? Oh boy.


Shoot. I, I ain't even, I ain't even Well ice is, is automatic on B there ain't no automatic. So well guess what Ribs are automatic. Chicken is automatic hamburger. The hot dogs are automatic since you said automatic Joe. You up next. What was the last thing I saying? Dessert. Dessert. Sometimes You know. Cake. I'm gonna say had a cookout. Watermelon. No, I that's a good one. That's a good one. Damn Joe. Yeah. Hey listen, I can't wait for that watermelon. Come on around. Who? Oh Lord. In fact, who had a cookout around here?


Man, I, I got, I got one. I got one. All y'all missing. Lemme know when you what that music? The dj. Okay got that one. Potato chips. Well hell, Hey Dixie plates and cups. It wasn't your turn. It's Joe turn. Oh damn. Look at him. There you go. You might as well go ahead and steal it Joe. Nah, nah don't nah nah I don't do that. Now you set out turn, you can't go on turn ups and plates. Yeah. Nah. Come on man. How you going? Come on Joe. You can't wait to turn. You talking outta turn? Yeah.


Okay. Oh down. Oh okay. Okay. Lemme, you ready? My goal? Yep, I got something for you. Since we at the cookout, dominoes and playing cards. Okay, well I don't know what cookout y'all going to. Who could bring the alcohol? Who, who bring the alcohol? I don't drink. So you, you you done been to a cookout with no alcohol? Hell no. Hey look here y'all let me go last. I got the hottest one. I got the hottest one right here. Mine. I'm killing y'all. Guess what? Your soda's hot.


Hey and don't come here. Don't come here with no damn. Hey, don't come in and hey, hey man. Can I, can I borrow somebody? No. Hell no. I ain't gone. Hey and guess what? I don't need to drink out no damn cup Ocho. Guess what? I drank right out my cold can and in fact, hold on. I I I, I literally might have y'all beat if you think about it. No hamburgers, hotdog, ice, potato chips, alcohol. Oh no. Well I got chicken, I got potato salad. What you eat the potato at? You had a potato salad in your hand Man. Y'all only, only one. Only put it on. Only one. Listen, only one person could pick cups on pick cups.


And I I'm just saying, I'm just saying 'cause guess what? I can get my hamburgers. I can. Hey put it right there. Give you boy one of the boo I don't eats but if I did get put the gli in my hand. Put it right here Ocho. Hold on, hold on. We finished. Is it over yet? Yeah, it's over. Oh. I'm finna say 'cause ain't nobody say grill so I'm trying to figure out who the hell how be had we cook the food. Hey, ain't nobody brought no grill. Hey we outta gate. Hey guess what? I guess I'm be eating potato chips and drinking alcohol. Hey we got, we definitely got, we definitely got a hood party. Hey, nobody got no grill.


Go on now. Yeah I got Y beef that that was, that was right. Ribs. Baked beans. Man, them cold. Them cold as ribs. You got ribs and baked beans alone. You, you get that. It's a wrap. You good? Hold on. Did chicken. Oh Joe. I mean Joe, hold on. Hamburgers and hot dogs. Come on on man. It ain't gonna be too, Hey but you but you gotta realize Joe at like, hold on. Y'all act like we throwing a party for some five and 10-year-old. And I remember, I remember the times there was a lot of, there was a lot of cookout. Ain't more have no ribs. You know ribs ain't, we just got our, got some money and people can start slapping ribs on the green though. I, I got y'all beef simply because I got chicken and I got chicken and potato salad.


Right then I had the dessert. Not only do I have the chicken potato. What dessert aren't your, what dessert you having at the cookout? Ice cream peach coler. You talk about peach coler when you Well so somebody could have said banana pudding then. Hold on, hold on. Them big beans with that Turkey up in there you mean man, y'all ain't messing with that. That them rick Eh please. I say and I got the dominoes in the spades called. Yeah Joe. And once I got the, once I got the music, yeah y'all definitely not beating mine. Hey, I don't know what you, you got cups? What you drinking in the cup? I'm not even doing no cup. I'm drinking a check soda. Great. Now ain't no say Joe got the soda. You ain't got no soda now.


He said cups. He said cups and soda Now you can't do cups and soda now? No, no. He got sodas was three and he got dixie cups and plates because you spoke out of turn. Y'all, y'all cheating. You cheating. Y'all cheating. It was, it wasn't your turn. I got, I I got excited. Yeah and you gave Joe one and you coulda had it. You mighta coulda won with that one. Don't Joe. Actually I already, I already won. No, once the listen, once DJ music, Frankie Beverly Mays before I let go the first song we gonna play and you ain't got nothing to drink.


You ain't got no soda. You ain't got no liquor. Lisa, I can liquor. I get liquored up. You ain't got no, fuck you ain't man please. You ain't messed man ain't got no ice. You, I don't even know what you drinking. Chicken potato salad. Oh, so wait, so lemme ask you a question. Where you gonna put your chicken at? Because most people bring their chicken. They gotta have it on ice. You ain't got, so your chicken already spoiled before you got there. Oh it ain't we it's cooked. It's cooked. Who you cooking before you get to the cookout? Yeah, they bring it and every, everybody got something. Everybody that bring they they own separate thing. Nah Ocho the only thing that you cook before is the potato salad and the baked beans. Oh man, ain't nobody bring you, don't nobody cook you.


That's the whole purpose of having a cookout. You don't bring no food, you don't bring no burgers and, and, and hot dogs and ribs and chicken already cook. Man, listen. And y'all know them baked beans gonna be slapping. I'm tell you what. That Turkey meat in that man with them ribs. Nah we won't bacon. Hold on. Ain. Ain't no Turkey meat. Ain't none of us. Ain't nothing gonna be cooked because ain't nobody pick, everybody don't eat pork. Ma ain't, well first of all, ain't nobody eat nothing 'cause ain't nobody got no grill. So, so we just gonna be, Hey man, look here. We got a nice little cook out too. We got ribs, baked beans, sodas, watermelons, we got the cups, we got chicken, potato salad, dessert, we got music, got Domino's playing cards.


We got hamburgers, gls, ice, potato chips and alcohol. Man. Who in the hell forgot the grill man, I thought you was gonna bring at damn Ocho. We ain't miss a, it ain't missing but a couple things. What a grill the most, the most important thing a grill. Ain't nobody got no grill. Lord have mercy. I know who I'm not going on family fuel with. Technically I won. Hey name an item that you bring to the cookout. Ain't nobody gonna say no grill because you already thinking that the, the grill is that.


You bringing up grill. That's crazy. Alright, now it's time for its favorite segment. Now it's time Ocho real or reliable. It's time for fellow Cinco. Yeah let me, let me lock in and focus. Alright then. Sure. Can't help you. Oh damn. Oh Joe. But guess what, we add a little, we add a little wrinkle to spell O Cinco. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't need no wrinkle. You could call, you could call Joe. Yeah, for a lifeline Joe can help you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Lifeline ain't gonna be about nothing. Yeah, he can only help you for one word. He can't help you on all of them.


Just one. I ain't gonna need no help. This is me. This what? All right your first word. It's, it's an infection in one of both of your lungs caused by bacteria virus for fungus. It's called pneumonia. Pneumonia. Pneumonia. PN E-M-O-N-I-A what? P-N-E-U-M-O-N-I-A. Pneumonia. Oh come on man. Come on man. Hey you might need to slow down a little bit. You get a little excited when Unc go to holler out these these words.


Hey, hey, hey, hey Joe. Hey listen Joe, that's that Harvard education. I was only there for two semesters, but I'm very good when it comes to spelling. I wanted the spelling being 1987, Joe, 1987. Here we go. The next word is the ninth sign and the zodiac and astrology. Sagittarius. Sagittarius. S-A-G-A-T A-R-I-O-U-S-S-A-G-I-T-T-A-R-I-U-S.


Sagittarius. Shit. Hey, You know what? And, and for me, I don't know nothing about them signs only, only sign I know about is a dollar sign. And guess what You know about this one? The wrong side. How about this Ocho call raw phobia. Call raw phobia. It's the fear of clowns. Call phobia. Call phobia. Now I'm, now you're confusing me in the way you're saying it. Call, call, call. Okay. Thank you. I'm glad you enunciating. That is correct. Hold, hold on. I'm asking you like Cole correct What you're saying Cole, correct.


Co phobia. C-U-L-R-O P-H-O-B-I-A-C-O-U-L-R-O-P-H-O-B-I-A. Now tell me that's not what I just said uncle. It's not, yo, what, what did I, I missed one letter, right? You missed a U Ocho. Ah, come on man. Damn Joe. I'm right there Joe. I'm right there. I'm, I'm, Hey, I got eight.


I'm not getting no more wrong. I'm ready. You gonna get, you'll get the next one. I already know I got this. I got this. Come on. How do you say that? See, you can't even say it. You can't gimme no word. You got, Hey, I need, you got, I need pronunciation now, huh? Nah, let's give him one. Let's give, we gonna give you, we gonna give you something that we know you gonna be able to spell. Right, right, right. Because because right now you be able to Hold on. Hold on. Listen. The, the, the last three I've been right there except one letter ain't like I'm just getting them like hell or wrong. Now you ain't you right.


We'll give you a word that you can solve that you could spell because, because we don't want you to go pha. I ain't gonna go Oprah. This is what I do now. That ain't gonna go for now. You know I'm, I'm gonna get the last two, okay. Ocho. Okay. It's the art of putting off. It's called procrastinating. Oh come on. Oh P-R-O-C-R-A-S-T-I-N-A-T-E.


Procrastinate. I said procrastinating. PRO. Well IG come on S-T-I-N-A-T-I-N-G. Procrastinating. Okay, I said I come on, take the er off and put ING. Come on now gimme my word. Don't do that. You could a, I'm saying you could have called Joe. You, hey, phone a friend. I spelled it right. How about this, right? Ocho? Sometimes I Think you are Ocho you spelling these words. Sometimes I Think you are dyslexic. Dyslexia. Oh shit. Dyslexia. Hey this, hold on. Dys Lex C, dyslexia.


Alright, I know it, it is probably going to end with XIA Huh? This your last word. This, this, this. D oh oh this is easy. DY because what's the name? Funny. Marco tried to tried to say it right? And of course, yeah. D-D-Y-D-Y-S. Lexia. 'cause I used to date a girl named Lexia. Right? Because I know dyslexia is not DI as far as DYS, Lexia, L-E-X-I-A because I used to date a girl named Alexia. That is correct. D-Y-S-L-E-X-I-A Dyslexia. Yeah, I-A-I-A-I wonder where Alexia at, man. All these years bro.


One back in 92. Ocho you were one. You were one. Wait a minute, I got procrastinate. Whatcha talking about? Hey, hey you, you ain't gonna for though bruh. At least you ain't gonna open. Alright, now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Oh, okay. Here we go. Here we go. Let me get it. Hey, hey Joe. He gonna get off. Hold on. We gotta get the graphics up. O Joe. Okay, I'm for, yeah, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it Joe. Your segment coming. It's gonna be called a couple Joe.


A couple Joe. Alright, Chad, I'm alright on Joe. Here we go. Here we go. Joe. You should know some of these Joe. All right, Chad. Chad, do me a favor. Chad, please don't put the answer in there. Please don't put the answer in the chat. 'cause I think Unc will use his eyes and visibility to use that to find the answer. Unc, here we go. My, the computer's not even on. Okay, here we go. You ready? Yep. In the two thousands, which NBA team won a title were none of their players average more than 20 points per game in the two thousands. Which NBA team won a title were none of their players average more than 20 points per game?


Mm. Wow. Yeah. Who I was, right? I was at, I was at two of these games. Okay, so ladies walk? Yeah. Yeah. Why? Why your eyes? What, what, what? What you looking at down there? Oh my goodness. Oh You know this one? Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna say Detroit motherfucker. Damn. That's who I was going with. Okay. Yeah, you got, now don't gimme that because You know you got, got got to be logged on. Hey, hey. Hey Joe.


You see I get logged on joe ww email.com I'm logged on. Hey, that was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. It was a good one. Okay, you ain't gonna get this Wino. Which NBA player became the first to win finals MVP without averaging 20 points per game. The first one to do it. First one. Wait, which player became the first? Yes to win it? To win it finals. MVP without averaging 20 points per game. I would say Kawa Leonard. Ah, that is absolutely wrong. I told you. Huh? Too big for your bridges. His name is Clyde The Glide.


Drexler. Clyde didn't win finals. BMVP. He didn't win Finals. MVP, Elijah bump both of them and Portland didn't win. How you gonna say as who is it? I would say it was, is it Iguala? No, Iguala won after. After Kauai without averaging 20 points. So it wasn't Clade Drexler? No. Who was the finals? MVP. Who was the first finals MVP to win without averaging? 20 points. I think it's Kauai. No. In 2014, no, I was iguala Was was 2015 West Unsel.


What, what the average? Yeah. The first, the first, the final MVP didn't happen until 69. And that was, that was the year that Jerry West wanted on the losing squad. And then 70, the Knick won. So Russell never won the finals MVP because by the time he was, he was done. So are you saying Sullivan in 78, the average nine eight. Damn what? West Unsel won it in 1979. He averaged nine points. A gain. He must averaged 20 rebounds.


What year was that? 78. 78. Because Seattle wanted it in 79.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. Okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude to have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Hey. Hell nah. Hold on. Yeah. Okay. Here we go. You ready? Yep. Who was the first player in NBA history to record a quadruple double in the finals game. In the finals game? Yes, sir. Ooh, we Yeah, yeah, yeah. Quadruple. Yeah. Yo, you should know that. Nate Thurman. Who? Nate Thurman. That is absolutely wrong. Can I tell you why it's wrong? Why? 'cause no one has done it. Oh, Joe, you can't ask questions like that. You gotta ask a question that somebody you got going on, man.


Thank you. You see? Keep on the wind so bad, Joe. He resort to cheating. I'm cheating. I I asked that question because you said who did it? Listen. Okay. And you're supposed to say nobody, man. Come on man. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Uhuh in the 1974 NBA finals in game six, Nate Thurman, give me the stats. Ash. 22 points. 14 rebounds. 13 assists, 12 blocks. Give me Right, that was in the gimme. Hold on. How you gimme you?


And she gave you the answer. I just, Joe, who I said average. He said Nate Thurman. But you, I said Nate Thurman. Hold on. Stop playing on Joe. I said there in the finals, in the finals, 1974, Nate Thurman did it. He was the first to do a a quadruple double. Y'all, y'all over there cheating me. Oh, I'm talking, getting any questions from Hey. Hey. Y'all over there cheating me, man? Oh, okay. Hey, if I unplug this, it'll, it'll cut this. Don't unplug that. Okay. Well, because I want, I want him to see, I ain't even got my chat on. Hey, hold on. Jordan Finn. Jordan Finn show you the computer to let You know. Ain't no help here.


I keep telling you, Ocho somebody, somebody give you answers back There. Ain't nobody gimme no, I don't need nobody. Gimme the answers. God gave them to me. Hey, you ready? You ready? You ready for the next question? Yeah, I'm ready. Who, who won the NBA finals MVP in 1988. Now 1988. Imagine going in 80, 82. Don't try to type down on your phone now.


It's out of what? It's out of. No, it can't say outta order. You gotta gimme one answer. It ain't outta nobody. Who was it, Joe? You know this one, Joe? Big game James worthy. Oh hell nah. You cheating man. He nah, hell no. Hell no fact. He had a triple, he had a triple double in the final game. There it is. And, and just for good measures. Kareem wanted it in 87 and then Magic wanted it in 80 and 82 and 85. But gun carry on. Hey, what you got below? You? You got your phone on you, man? We your phone. Hold on.


I know something about some whos now I'm logged on, don't you? Right. Who holds the record for the most rebounds in a single NBA finals game? Ooh, here. Oh, bill Russell. What he had, Joe. Hey, they briefed. Hey, they briefed him on this shit first ain No briefing. Oh, they no briefing What? He had about 32 rebound 40. Because first of all, Ash, don't even, first of all, Ash, don't even, don't even have the questions. So she can't brief me on nothing.


And her Aren has them. That's you and Aren. And her greatest joy is when you stumped me. Nah. Okay, last one. Last one. Man. Somebody cheated man. Who has had the most steals in the NBA final series. Ooh, we, that's a good one. The most steals shit He had the best handles too, huh? This person not only, I mean steals, but that boy got handles like, like crazy, crazy work. Okay? Hmm. In NBA finals, Joe.


Who you thinking? Joe? NBA finals steals. Ah, stop. Yeah. No, there wasn't any Ocho Nah, Ocho Ocho done. Hey, can y'all get Ocho done? Blacked out? Oh man. Here you go. You can hear me? We can. Yeah, we can hear you. We just can't see you. Hold on, hold on, hold on. But the answer is Isaiah, Isaiah Thomas. Whoa. Whoa. You Didn't, I don't think I was gonna get this one though. Nah, he won't get that one. Hold. Let me, let me, I'm gonna put my camera in another outlet.


Hold on this man. How many he have? Ocho six 20. Huh? 20 Now. Didn't have no 20 No NBA finals game running steals. Yeah, I, yeah, I was, I was at that game when I said he had 20 steals. Ain't nobody have no 20 steals. How you gonna tell me Ocho series?


Oh, serious. Okay. My bad. Oh see, there you go. Ocho done ruined that. Oh, you still ain't get it right? But Ocho, you said in a finals game. Hey, finals game, final series. You still got it wrong? No, I didn't say you didn't give me a chance. You blurted out. Answer. It was for the series. You Asked Joe. I get the phone a friend just like you got the phone. Oh no, I get the phone to friend. You don't get the phone no friend. This your, this your sport. You know, You know basketball. You went to Harvard for two Sebas and I got thrown out. I won. Nah, you, you cheated. Man.


That's time for I won again. I got, I was three out of five. Four. I was three out of five. Three out of five. Ocho got one right? Alright, it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for Q and a. Hey, we be Cheating man. Slick. James said no one brought trash bags or trash cans. Who's cleaning up? Wow. Well if this we ain't got no grill, I'll take it back. Itch back home. Hey slick James, bro. Ain't nobody brought down one grill. Ain't nobody brought no charcoal.


Hey, so I'm just gonna take my step back home man. Hey, Denny said Ocho, we in 2025, you should know how to spell. Now what you not gonna do is see and act like You know how to spell them goddamn words that we had this tonight. Don't do that. Hey, fell. But people, what? People be killing me. Acting like they some, some withers Win spelling. Dave, spell the words. Hey, You know you couldn't spell dick. Wait, I spelled dyslexia, right? Yeah, yeah. Right. But Dab Smith said Pacers had a, had favor in their runs with starters getting injury for the calves and bucks. Now they're going to see a team that's similar to what they do better. If Knee Smith gets in foul trouble, who's guarding Shade KC in four.


Or you can, they gonna sweep. That's what four would mean. Man, you tripping man. Pace is in five. Man, this man here. I'm bet, bet I you giving away money. Who? You. Well we gonna, we gonna pick the series we off tomorrow, but we gonna pick the series on on Wednesday. Kemper Norwood Jr. Said Unc, my question is, if KD came to Dallas, who would the Mavs give up? Ni g Marshall for KD and the 2026 and 2027 first round pick. Joe, what you thinking? Man, they going to give up more than that. I agree. But here's the thing. But here's the thing.


Katie's gonna be 37 and he has an injury history, so he's not gonna command. And plus man, if y'all think Phoenix finna give up Ka just for Marshall than Na Marshall and a pick, they not doing that. They gonna, they gonna want more than that. Okay. Ocho? Yeah, I believe, I believe they want two first rounds and a player for sure. 'cause what? Because you get KD that automatically, that automatically puts you at the top. Meaning like your expectations change. Yeah, they changed. But that don't mean you gonna be at the top. 'cause we saw that with Brooklyn and we saw that with Phoenix. And Phoenix didn't make the playoff this year and they got swept last year.


Man, they not get, they, they going Phoenix gonna want more than that back. I, I I, I I believe so too. But what, what, what do they have to give up? They're not giving up that number one overall pick for Katie. Nah, hold on. So y'all think they gonna give up KD and you gonna keep your number one pick? Oh, number one. Hold on Joe. You actually think they gonna give up the number one overall pick for kd? I actually, I actually don't think they giving up the number one pick. But if you gonna get KD and I'm Phoenix man, I'm gonna need a little more than that. I'm sorry. Yeah. How many picks they got? They got a pick from da, they got a pick from the Lakers.


What pick is that? You have to gimme one of them bigs You got over there Lively a gaff. You got to gimme one of 'em. Yeah, gimme one of them. And I probably don't want a Max Christie. Yeah, and Nier. Marcha. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna need about four, five dudes to get up in there man. What? Oh, they don't got the Lakers pick until 2029. Which might be worth something. Mike, what's up? Uncle Ocho did the trade for Mikhail Bridges giving up five first round picks here to the niche and getting Giannis or Kevin Durant?


Yes. Yes, it absolutely did. They only talking about that right now though. 'cause the right, because because had you gone to the NBA finals, you wouldn't have cared about giving up those might at all. Hey listen, that's why it, it only can be one winner. So it's everybody else gonna be dissatisfied. That's just Colin said, how do y'all think the Lion are going to do this year now that they lost our center? Like we lost our coordinators and now our center rag now was a four time pro bowler. He's the first round pick on one of Brad Holmes selections. He was, he was, he was very good. They lost a lot.


They lost a lot. They're still a very talented team. Yeah. They're gonna get a lot of these guys back on defense Ocho that was injured last year. They gonna get Hutch back. They're gonna get one of those linebackers gonna get some of those D lineman back. But You know, you lose both of your coordinators. You lose your center, the middle of the, the line. But you still talent. You got Almond Raw, you got La Porter, you got Jameson, you got Montgomery, you got gi. They still, they they they still got a lot. Yeah, but I think, You know, the coordin the coordinators, I think the coordinator's gonna hurt. You think so? Yeah. I I think, I think they have so much talent around them offensively and defensively. I think they're gonna be fine regardless to who's calling the plays.


It's still the same players and obviously those same players are still good at their respective crafts and positions. So I think they're gonna be all right regardless of who's calling the plays. Okay. Casey Taylor says start bench cut Santa Moss, Marcus Colston, Victor Cruz. It also, he wants me to share my 84 chain story. I wanna see Joe's story like, so Joe has especially spending time in Atlanta. Alright, O Joe Santana malls, Marcus Col and Vix Cruz. Damn, that's a good one. No, why?


Ugh, You know what I'm going with home team. I'm starting, I'm starting Santana. I'm starting. Okay. I'm a bench. Oh, that's hard. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a bench Marcus Colten. I mean for those of you have watched him play with Drew Brees and the numbers he put up. Oh, Colten. Oh, he had a, he had a stretch there. He was this boy. He had, yeah, he had a hell of a stretch. And I I I love Victor Cruz, man. But it, it was, it was, it was just a little bit too short. Okay. Well the 84 chain was, my brother gave it to me.


I had a break in back in May of 2023 and they stole it. And I have yet to replace it. I wore it all, do it. I wore my chain during, during the actual game. Mocho. Yeah, the actual game. I, I wore that chain and I remember, as a matter of fact, I had in a preseason game, the only time it's ever been broke. Right. And I was blocking Lee Woodall in a police season game and You know, he tried to, tried to snatch me. Yeah. Man, it broke. I felt it pop man. I let him go so quick. Hey, get it then, don't you?


I'm looking, I I man I'm looking down there. Hey. And then we turn and go to the other end. Right Man, they got people scouring on their hands and knees on the field trying to find it. It was down, it was down in my football pants. I just knew somebody had to have picked it up. Yeah. Joe, what's your favorite, what's your stories of, of spending time in Atlanta with the, with the Hawks? Man, man, I got so many in Ocho. I don't know. I could, I could tell y'all when I first got here, You know, coming from Phoenix, we had won 62 games and getting here to Atlanta prior to me coming here the year before.


I think they had won like 13 games. Yeah. So I ain't going, I ain't gonna tell y'all no lie, man. It, it, it was rough them first couple years on Ocho. Yeah. I'm being honest man. It's probably about like two, 300 people in the stands. It was bad. Damn. It was bad. Bad. It was bad. But look, every year, every year we got better. We start, You know, we got better as a team. So therefore, You know, the fans started to come out and by year three it was booming then. Yeah. Oh yeah. But those first couple years, man listen, I ain't gonna leave my house. It was so bad. We were getting out here. I was like, Lord, I ain't, I ain't going nowhere. Hey, when you lose it, man, it's hard.


It's hard. It's hard to get out the house. It absolutely is. As a professional athlete. Yeah. When you lose like that man. 'cause listen, we started off my first year here man. We started off three and 27, man. Damn. Damn we were getting drug. I'm talking about, man, listen, you talking about, I'm talking about didn't wanna leave the house. Yeah. I'm talking about man, it was bad with Joe. Sir. Kate said my guys, when y'all playing, who was the one player that made you say, man, that boy Cole when watching on the sidelines on film, bro, I was in the league. I, I was in the league. I was standing across the field to watch Barry on Thanksgiving. You know what the lion, how the lion play on Thanksgiving.


Now imagine Barry on that turf on Thanksgiving. Yeah. Lion might get beat all the time, but they gonna play their ass off on Thanksgiving. Man. Hell I played on the sideline, watched Jerry saw Moss. Hey Ocho, I played against Vince Carter that first when he was in Toronto. Yeah. For that first swing. It wasn't no game playing for him man. Vince Carter wasn't no man, listen, it wasn't no game. Like, You know how you had game plans who were like you game playing for Reggie Miller. Ray Allen, but like for Vince, 'cause he shot, he shot so many unorthodox shots and he was so athletic.


It was like everything he'd done, I was like wow. Like as, as a rookie watching him, I think he probably about four or five years in the league, but he was already half man half. Amazing. Yeah man, it was something to see. I watched, I watched some highlights. Man that joke was jumping up man. That joke was head above the rem. It was unreal man. Unreal. It was unreal. It was unreal man. J 83 said Joe, what's the most points you scored at Central? The most points I scored at Central, probably like 35, 36. I didn't score a lot. We had an awesome team. Okay. Ocho, we were ranked nationally and that was, that's a public school, You know D Little Rock Central.


Yeah. Y'all can look us up on HBO Man. It's especially by my high school. Yeah. We something to be talking about. You hear me? But yeah. Did y'all win the state, Joe? Yeah, we won state. We should have won it every year. You know, it was just, when I was in high school, it was 10th, 11th, 12th, ninth grade won high school. Okay. So 10th, 11th, 12th, we made it to the championship game. My 10th grade year. We lost in like the semis in my junior year and my senior year. It wasn't even close. We, we blew everybody out. Championship game was a blowout. Yeah. There wasn't nothing they could do. Jerry Jones, the goat said, please give some love to Nigeria candidate from Texas Tech. She has led the softball team to the World Series. She pitched nearly 400 straight pitchers for a team and she leads the team in home run.


Actually, she's the one that stopped Oklahoma's d Oklahoma had won five straight national championship game and she, hey, remember she was at Stanford and it's reported that she got a million dollar NIL deal to go to Texas Tech. Mm. Now, I don't know if she's a senior, she might gonna get 2 million. They might need to bump that up. But she was sensational on the mound today. And everybody knows those big guns, those big bats that that Oklahoma can trot out there. But she was sensational today. I thought Oklahoma had 'em because they, bottom of the seventh two run home a title game. But then old girl come back, bottom boom.


But yep, I think it Rie candidate. She was, she was great. She was great. And that's what you pay a million dollars for Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bing, a Ring of Fame honoree, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And also contributing, joins us for basketball to talk about all things basketball, university of Arkansas alum ar Little Rock native. That's ISO Joe. Joe Johnson. Thank you again, Joe.


Thank you. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your ears. Thank you for your eyes and your word of mouth because without you, none of this is possible. Thank you for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check our Shea by LA. We have it in stock and if you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Go check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho and he's ISO Joe, we're off tomorrow. We'll see you Wednesday. Make sure you join us Wednesday. He's out. Ocho enjoyed out The volume.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game, best two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


This is an iHeart podcast.