
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


This is Jeff Teague from The Club five 20 Podcast. Yo, we're taking over times square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat in JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 Podcast. Power by the volume. Don't miss it. For excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day Experience Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play


Your dream getaway. Welcome in, starts at the airport with Amex Platinum. You get access to the Centurion Lounge where you can find space to send off that last work email. Fill up on premium dining and finally relax for up to three hours before takeoff. You might even wish your layover could last just a little longer. Flight To Mexico, now boarding. Oh That's me. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply for more information, visit american express.com/with Amex


The volume. Well welcome in to Nightcap. Now we don't have UNC and ocho. We got TJ and Rack Wall. That's Darren Waller taking over. We, we hijacking. We have taken over Nightcap me and my dog. So we gonna be with y'all for the night. Bear with us now. You know the highlights. We gonna talk sports, we gonna talk re relationships and everything in between.


I don't know if we'll really get to the relationships. We may. I'm a married guy, my dog. I believe he's single. Yeah, he was once married. So we, we gonna get into everything but with no further. Do I want to introduce Darren Waller, one of the best tight ends. It's crazy because his story and how he made it to the league, my story and how I made it to the league. It's one of a kind. It's one of a kind. So tell the people a little bit about yourself. Your journey. You don't have to get too in depth with it unless you want to, but very, very inspirational. Now this ain't what Chad and oh, what Chad and and Shannon be doing did this.


Our version of Nightcap. So let's rock out. Yes sir. Nah, now bus to be here bro. My name is Darren Waller. For those of y'all that don't know me, I played eight years in the league. I retired just about a year ago. Played tight end for Baltimore my first three, four years before I got suspended for a year for drugs, alcohol, all that. Came back into the league, got picked up by the Raiders, which is where my career kind of took off. Had back to back a thousand yard seasons, made a pro bowl. Ended up in my last year with the Giants and yeah, it is been a fucking wild ride for me. Like I said, I was drug addict, alcoholic, like full blown, You know what I'm saying? So I'm blessed to be alive, blessed to be, You know, have had the career that I had and just to be, You know, 32 retired, not having to worry about no bread or nothing like that.


Let 'em know you, you got a lot of money. Let 'em know I got, I got that paper. I ain't worried about that. We Eye over here then we ain't tripping over here. Yeah, now, now this is a perfect day, night, whatever you want to call it. So You know, my boy retired 'cause he on the bigger and better things and bigger and better things. And y'all want for everybody that's listening, y'all go get on. He gonna tell you what platform or on my boy make music, he rapping and he just so happen to be dropping the song today. So y'all make sure y'all go stream his music now tell the people how'd you get involved and what made you say, damn this music has become therapeutic to me outside of the football realm.


What, what, what came with that? How'd that happen? Yeah, so the music for me, I feel like it really started with learning who my great-grandfather was. He was a legendary jazz pianist. Like old people, like be running up on me, like you're fa fast Wallers great grandson. And once I really started to learn that my parents had me and my sister playing piano when we was real little and I was in like band and shit in middle school. And so I really had a passion for music. But then it's like football kind of started taking off in high school and college and all that. So I wouldn't really worry about music for real. And once I got drafted to the league, I was bored my rookie year. Like when, when we first got a lot of free time, rookie camp and all that shit, you in the hotel. And so I was like, fuck it, I'm just gonna start writing. I always said I'll start and just see where it went.


So that was 2015. I've been putting out projects probably every couple years since. And now I really feel like I'm really developing in my sound and shit for real. Like I really have some songs that like, You know, people really starting to look like damn. Like all right, like I see what you got going on and yeah. So we, we plug in tonight, Nightcap fucked up letting me get on here today. So we plug in this song. Yeah, Tell 'em, tell 'em the song what platform and they gonna stream that thing. Yeah, it's a song called Choose Myself. I'm dropping tonight at 9:00 PM Pacific midnight Eastern. It's on Spotify, apple Music, wherever you stream at search my name Darren Waller, it's gonna be there. It's probably one of the songs I'm most proud of that I ever made or that I ever probably will make. So I'm extremely excited for people to, to listen to that.


So go spin that. So Titan you is taking place this week? Yeah. How many times did you attend? I think I went to the first two, first two or three because I went when it was just like Infancy stages, just getting going. Yeah, it was like 15, 20 guys. It was, it was guys that were like starters on their teams and then it started, they got like, they got getting bigger backing 'cause it was, it went really well early on. So they had more sponsorships and they started bringing like dudes who were like a third tied in on their team. Like everybody in the league could come if you just got drafted, You know, undrafted free agent, like whatever you were. Some, it was a couple dudes from college, like everybody could come.


So, and it was, You know, weightlifting route running, You know, Kittle and, and Kelsey and them boys, they get after it too. So they got like night activities going on. So it's a, it's actually a really cool event. They do a really good job. They got Greg Olson is there too. So they getting a lot of sponsorship, a lot of money, bud Light, bridge Stone, like all these big sponsors putting it on. So it's a, it is a solid event. It's a one thing from your time there that still stays with you today that, that you got, whether it was from Travis, Greg George, or just any other res tight end that was there that you still remember that helps you on the field and also off the field.


I would say just being around like Trav and his energy and just how he approaches route running and just his craft. Like he's real, he's earned the right to be incredibly creative. Like you, we see him on tv, he just doing, we be like, what the fuck is he doing? But like he's earned the right to do that and he's just like emphasizing like putting your personality into the routes that you running. 'cause a lot of dudes like, You know, like dudes trying to make the team, like whoever it is, they, they run robotic routes and lines on paper. Whereas You know somebody like him, you putting your own flavor, your own sauce on them routes, once you understand the details of them, it shit, it takes that shit to a whole another level and you making shit come to life that really might not even have been able to come to life just 'cause of who you are.


So I took that away and I was like, yeah you really just gotta like stand on who the fuck you are. Like I, I'm cussing on him. Can we get, can We let, let, let's get into the real nuance of route running and coaching in the league. We going, we gonna try to keep it a buck here As you were coming up and, and I know for myself, did your tight in coach teach you how to be a better tight end or did he teach you how to be a better football player? And I know those things are married like but running around and getting open, did you learn that on your own other players or your coach?


'cause I'm gonna give you my opinion. So For me, yeah so I grew up so you gotta understand like I started playing offense in college at Georgia Tech. We were in a triple option so we was blocking like 80% of the time. For real I was, I'll run a go a hits a post or something or they would be like a, like a play action crack post or something like that. But we weren't really getting that kind of route running teaching and technique there. 'cause I mean that's just what they was asking us to do. I got to Baltimore, I feel like my rookie year, my coach was Bobby Ingram. He played in the league for like a decade. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In Seattle. Yeah. I feel like He was giving us some game. Yep. My rookie year. But then my second year they moved me to tight end and it was like at the end of my rookie year they were like, yeah when you get back we think we gonna try you at tight end.


And so I was like that they ain't even tell me nothing for real. I just got on YouTube and was just like, man, lemme see what that was Back when Zach ERT was getting like 120 catches a year. Travis Kelsey, Greg Olson, I was watching Tony Gonzalez, Antonio Gates, like Jimmy Graham, I was just on YouTube. I was like, I'm just gonna do what, what they doing Like and my tight end coach, like he was a old lineman in the league for a bit. Happens All the time bro. That's where I'm, that's where I'm trying to go with this. It's like when people think the NFL, it's like the best of the best, best coaches, best players. But very rarely is a coach.


Your position coach going to get you better at your craft. You gotta do that on your own. No that's facts. I I look at teams now and you talk about like team, they like talk about all the, the teams gotta develop this player. It might be like maybe five teams that have people if that, that have people that can actually develop a player they begging and hoping that you come in with with skills and Ready to go and ass. Yeah like like and and I think people don't realize that you get better on your own now they will teach you football, you'll understand the game from a nexus and old perspective a lot better. But You know they're gonna give you little te technique things here and there and if it works they get all the credit.


If it don't work you suck. Yeah. If it don't work you suck. And You know, and so I tell all, 'cause I train a lot of guys for the combine receivers in tight ends and I'm telling him like when you get to your team, it's not all the time but 90% of the time your coach ain't gonna tell you how to get open. He don't know because if you're a receiver, you a tight end. Your coach is an old line. What the fuck he know about running route, he don't watch somebody run erotic like, and so that part of it is at least with the NFL people, you really have to invest in yourself. Yeah. Away from the facility and away from the team.


And if you don't do that, your career is short lived and luckily for you, you're able to get on YouTube and see what the best are doing and translate it. 'cause some people get on YouTube watch 'em and get out there and still fuck it up. They still gonna get out there and mess it up 'cause they mind, they just, they can't do it. So that that part of it, I not many people know about the league. It it's get better on your own or watch everybody else playing be watching tv. Oh I'm better than him, You know he couldn't fuck with me. Ah yeah But that and I think that's pretty much league wide. Yeah. At every position I would say the O line probably get developed the most.


Right. The coaches really make them better outside of that. Unless you got a Eric Yarborough with the Rams, Keenan McCardle with the Vikings, Sean Jefferson, I don't even know where Sean at now. But if you don't have one of them coaches you in trouble. And if it's a receiver coach that I left you out, I left you out 'cause you don't know what you doing. Take it personal, hey Yeah You gotta get your bag deeper on your own. Like for the young who that's watching, like you gotta take into account, you gotta find you somebody you can work with in the off season. Like ask the vets that's around you that's really getting to it. I guarantee you they got somebody like you really gotta invest in that shit on your own And and that's why when I brought up tight n you we getting better amongst our peers.


Right? Me and Chad have talked about doing the receiver aspect of tight and you they kind, You know y'all was our inspiration on doing that. We gonna see where that go. Now let's get into, it's a couple days old but man I'm sure you an athlete, you, you watch a lot of NBA huh? Yeah. What were your thoughts? One it was a great series. Oh yeah. But it was the least watched series in however many seven game series, first seven game series I believe in nine to 10 years. But people weren't tuned in because it was an Indiana Pace routine team and an Oklahoma City team. Small markets thought on a series.


I believe if holler Burton don't go down, Indiana may win that. And I'm going in the really different tangents here, but the NBA, they gotta figure this Achilles injury out bro. Like I don't know what's going on with these dudes. Like so many of them are tear there as a kid. Is it a lack of strength? Is it a lack of mobility? Is it too many games? Is it too many games at a young age in a a u and the wear and tear, it's so many variables and a lot to unpack. So let's go. Yeah Man. I mean shoot starting with the series. Yeah I mean I feel like people put so much stress on the markets and I guess the average person that's tuning in wants to see a LA in a Boston or a New York and whatever.


But you look at those two teams and you look at the series that we got like that's in, that's ball being played at its highest level. You look at the depth on both teams, like the character on both teams. You got so many dudes that are like fine tuned and perfect for their individual roles. Like it just creates that back and forth. I wanna see shit go seven, I wanna see wars. Like, You know what I'm saying? That's what, that's what we got and with with Halliburton going down like he was cooking in that first quarter, in that game seven. So it's like that game definitely would've been completely different, at least down to the wire in my eyes. But probably you could make an impact for a pace if there's wind. But yeah, Halliburton going down and it's like you got guys going out there with a calf injury when that calf locks up and you trying to load up on that back leg.


The calfs biomechanically, that calf is taking a lot of that force. Do you have any major injuries when you played like major? Nah, not lower body. I had a torn labor on my shoulder but I just rehabbed that in the off season. Okay. The final month with it. But yeah, no major injuries for me for real. But that achilles motherfucker is crazy. Like I was around with Steve Smith senior tore his Achilles and he was trying to rehab it and it's like one calf was hum humongous and the other calf was like, like it was like non-existent for a while and just like the work he had to put in, I seen Ben Watson tour his Achilles too. So it's like that's a, that's a major major that's like damn near 12 months.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support At American Public University we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Plus the RayBan meta glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play.


This Is Jeff Teague from the Club five 20 podcast. Yo, we're taking over times square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generation hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat and JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast powered by the volume. Don't miss it for excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app


With Amex Gold. You can make dining out before the big event. A big event. Hey you made it, it's been so long and earn four times membership rewards points on purchases at restaurants up to $50,000 per year and if you're running late no problem. Oh we gotta go. You get access to card member entrances at select venues so you can make it in time to catch the big win. It's a, that's the powerful backing of American Express card member entrance access, not limited to Amex Gold card terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with Amex.


Yeah, I don't know when you look at Damien a little, okay, he's a little older. J Tatum's young. Halliburton's young KD tore his at an advanced age so, but shit KD came back like it wasn't shit still balling. I they just gotta figure that out. I don't know. I don't know what it is. If it's strength mobility, I don't know but but for Halliburton it sucks 'cause boy was cooking three threes in the first quarter, nine points. I'm like oh shit. And I picked, I had, I picked Oklahoma City to win it but I found myself rooting for Indiana was kind of weird but yeah man, prayers between my, I hope he recovers.


He's probably gonna miss the entirety of next season because it happened so late in the season. But you think Oklahoma City, do you think this is a start of a dynasty considering Alex Caruso is their oldest player at 31, right? Yeah I Think you just gave like a great detail of just like how young the nucleus of that team is and you look at young teams, you think like they could be flashy in a lot of areas but there might be like some giant holes. They don't have really any holes. For real. They're the best defensive team in the league. They got Shaa league, MVPJ Dub as your number two scorer.


He's taking over a couple games in the finals. Che Holmgren, ID 20 every now and then. He's a rim protector. You got hartstein setting screens, protecting the rim, catching put backs and oops and and whatnot. You got Caruso leading playing defense. Lou Dotz a lock down. It's like you got dudes come off the bench. Isaiah Joe led the, the team in three point percentage during the season. It's like you have so many roles that are covered on that team. It's like, but I mean that Western conference is a motherfucker and teams are gonna be coming. So it's One team particular down in Texas. Actually two actually damn three. The Rocket's gonna be better with kd. They gonna be a fucking problem yo.


They gonna be a problem. They got, they closer now in kd when Kyrie come back with the Mavericks, they gonna be a problem and if Cooper f flag, if he can acclimate himself to the NBA game ad Cooper flag, they just resigned Gafford. And then when Kyrie come, they gonna be a problem. And then you got Wendy Han Castle the second pick, which probably is gonna be Dylan Harper ain't going to be a problem. I'm a Laker fan so we damn sure gonna be a problem. Be intro, at least fingers crossed playing. I hope we, the Western conference is going to be a blood bath golden state as long as Steph and Draymond there.


Yep. They gonna all they gonna be a problem and, and so a dynasty, when people start throwing that word out there, I don't know Denver with Yoic and Jamal Murray, they coming back. It it, it just, it's so much that has to take place for you to be a dynasty but they so young that it's like damn, I don't see why not. Shaa gonna put up 28 to 32 average every season as long as he is healthy. Can Chet Holmgren, can he take the next step? Right? Can he take the next step offensively, defensively he gonna give you a rim protector.


He moves his feet very well to be a big guy and he's real thin but he not, he not a punk like you not just dogging out like that. Like he looks like he can be dogged out, right? Nah and it's because You know he's so thin. You like mama about take his low ass down, you got do and Che home grin now. Right? And so from that perspective they, everybody has an opportunity and a chance to be that. I don't see it taking place. I just, with the rocks bro, everybody stay healthy. I don't know how they lose. If you put a lineup of Van Fleet's, point guard KD six 11 Jabari Smith six 10 Sung six 11 and who, who else we gonna Thompson, Thompson, Amir Thompson.


There we go. Six, seven. She gonna do what that lineup right? Especially to Easton coming off the bench. This is the crazy part with the rockets that not many people talk about. 1, 2, 3, the third pick of the draft last year, Reed Shepherd got no burn. The third pick Cam Whitmore, he come to the Lakers, he play, he getting big minutes, got no earn. And so I look at the rockets like I'm impressed if they can stay healthy now can kd and he said it is not my responsibility to lead and to a certain degree and this is what I don't like about sports and we can tap into this too.


Why is it that when you the best player, they expects you to always be the leader. Sometimes the best player isn't that he don't have that leadership type of personality to guys ain't following him. Yeah, I Think he, I think when he says I I it's not my job to lead. I think he's saying it's not my job to lead in the traditional way that you think somebody's supposed to be a leader. Like as far as being like a Ray Lewis type of Gotcha. There's different ways to lead. Like he can just lead by his example. Like I think the biggest jump the rockets can take is like you get a Ahman Thompson attached to Katie's hip day in the lab getting shots up and Ahman Thompson develops a jump shot. That fucker might be a league MVP at some point.


You know what I'm saying? Like so, but yeah, I think there's so many different leadership styles in sports. I'm one of them. I always thought like, damn, like I, I can't be a leader. Even when I had a C on my chest, I'm like, am I really like a leader if I'm not giving the pregame speech and having everybody ready to jump out their skin. But I'm more the dude that's like the wolf, the wolf leads from the back of the pack. It's like we not letting, if I see somebody slipping and I see somebody's confidence dropping, I'm gonna be the first one over there to them telling them who they really are. Telling 'em remember who they are and like keeping they mind, keeping they chest up. You know what I'm saying? So that's more the leadership style I have. And I think that's KD as well. But like yeah, you don't gotta be that rah rah pre-game punch a hole in the wall guy to be a leader. Were you, were you obviously you from gathering what you're saying you wasn't a rah rah guy during the game?


Nah, I'm, I'm more so I'm, I'm talking like I am right now. Like you can, you can feel like, Did you talk shit to the defense during the game? It took a lot for me to talk shit to somebody. Okay. So I, we, we we a lot different then. Yeah. Like I was not rah rah before the game. Like before a game. I'm chilling, I'm real calm, like don't come head. You know how you get in a huddle and everybody walking up fucking headbutting you? And I'm like, bro, don't head but me, not headbutt me. I'm not jumping up in the pile before the game. I'm not, I'm never Did you ever, have you ever done a snow? Hell no Bro. Hell No. No. I never did that one time a crackhead Activity bro. Bro, I, I never did it one time in my career.


I don't know what that shit is like, but guys used to do that all the time so that, that wasn't me. But when the game started, I don't know what happened to me bro. Like I would just go crazy yo like I would talk shit to the refs, I would talk shit to the other team. Like I would listen, I would listen to a lot of Jeezy before the game and then right before I came out I would turn on, it's in the air. The DDMX version of Phil Collins. Yeah, the DMX version of that. And I don't know what it was bro. I would just, like, if I was playing today I would get thrown out because I would go at the ref so much.


But back then, like I'll never forget one line judge, he called a penalty on one of our linemen and I looked up at the jumbotron and I didn't think it was holding, so I said something to him, this motherfucker was like, fuck you TJ the rat but was like, fuck you. And so we was just going at it. 10 minutes later he came up to me, we good. I said, yeah, yeah, we good. Today's game I'm getting thrown out. Yeah I'm getting thrown out. And so that, that to me. But, and a lot of my teammates would tell you like I led 'em and I didn't choose to be a leader. As you can see, I'm a talker. I like to talk. And so guys like I'm gonna lead by example.


If I feel you not working hard, I'm not calling you out in front of everybody. I'm gonna come put my arm around you. Be like, bro, we all dream to get here. And now you acting like it don't matter. 'cause if you weren't here you would be upset. But you taking, being here for granted. Yeah. And, and so yeah man, that that leadership part, I don't believe it always has to be the quarterback. It always has to be the best player. Jack can Hear me What you described, what you just described is leadership. Like we have a picture of what we think it is, is like in the middle of the huddle, pre-game speech. But what you just described is real leadership, how you bring somebody to the side and Can, that's what I would do.


Bring the truth to them. Like that's leadership. Look. Jack. Jack, can you hear me? Yeah, I can Hear you. You can hear me? That's my dog. Look, look, look. So this part, like this perfect segue just so y'all know this Jack Jones, this, I know him as Jack, Jack been knowing his boy since he was 14. Seen him go from a, I guess a little boy to a young man, to a grown man with children. I love this boy. Like he my son for real. Like he a family member man. Could you hear the conversation? That's Miss, that's Darren Waller. You know who that is, right? Yeah, I Know who that is. Yeah. If you didn't, he would've lost your little ass Jack. Crazy Out your mind. Hey, let, let, let me, let me bring you into this conversation about leadership.


What's your take on leadership as far as the best player, the coaching staff wants him to be the leader as opposed to just the locker room determines who the leader is, whether it's the best player or not, or the quarterback, whoever it may be. I I think the leader is, is based on what you do every day and the consistency, You know what I'm saying? You don't get that leader role because you're the best player or because you are in a certain position. You get that leader role because the work you put in and how you lead the team and, and how you get the guys to rally along and how you get guys fired up. You know, it's a lot of things that go with that. But I don't think it's position, position based.


I don't think that, Alright, so we, we gonna, we gonna talk about you and we gonna bring the people into your story. So I'm gonna let him tell a bit of it. But Jack, Jack grew up born and raised Long Beach, California. Go, go ahead and Google Long Beach if y'all not familiar with it. His family is well known in the Long Beach in the city of Long Beach. From what I was told back in the day, there's two families that run Long Beach. Shonda Jones is in. Who are the Calhouns? That's what I was told. Huh?


Jones is in the calhouns. But Jack Jackman in high school, unbelievable on both sides of the ball, defense and offense. And I tell people this all the time, and I'm not just saying this 'cause you hear and 'cause You know, I wouldn't, I don't sugarcoat nothing. This boy, when he was a boy used to practice. So I never seen a kid in high school practice as hard as you. And I think I've told you this plenty of times. Like we used to Jack Jack slow down. I'd never seen a kid this young practice that hard in love football the way that you loved it in high school. Like it was just, we gotta tell God, come on bro, go harder Jja, get out this rap.


No, you, you slow down. You He was like that at 14 years old. Genuinely love football. He done had some mishaps in the league. And I get on the phone with him and I'm like, Jack, come on your situation. I believe you one of the best players in the league that's not in the league that should be in the league because if you was in the league, you'd be starting on at least 28 of the 32 teams. We know that I'm a vouch for him. For any team that's listening to this. We done had conversations. Yeah. Deep conversations, what the last three weeks probably. Yeah. Yeah. Just making sure you've got your shit straight, you a father, you have matured and we all mature at different rates at different times and and they can't expect you to mature on their timeline.


You gonna mature on your timeline. With that being said, kind of take us through going from New England to the Raiders. You finally get a coach that believed in you, that same coach that was with us at Long Beach Poly and at and AP Antonio Pierce and where you are now and what you looking to accomplish moving forward. I mean, just the whole situation. It was a, it was a blessing man. A humbling experience. You know, that's all I got to say in that I, I'm blessed to be able to play with ap, You know, a high school coach, a guy who who been watching over me, You know, pretty much, You know, a lot of part, a lot of my life.


So, You know, that's a blessing. I don't take that for granted. But looking forward, man, I just, I just look forward to, You know, getting another opportunity and really proving myself, man. Just really, really proving that I've grown and I've learned that the mistakes that I've made is they already made, You know what I'm saying? And I don't want to keep making those mistakes, You know what I'm saying? I, I don't wanna be one of those guys looked at as like a bad kid or a bad man or, or somebody who's uncoachable or somebody who, who who, who doesn't fit in programs. I wanna be that guy that fits in every program. I want to be the star in my role. Like, You know what I'm saying? It's just like I had to go through them times to learn and to understand.


And it's like I went through those times and I'm just ready for the next opportunity just to prove myself and, You know, take full advantage of it. No doubt. Jack, I want to ask you a question 'cause I didn't even your rookie year was 22, right? Yeah, Yeah. So I was on the Raiders in 22 and you was on the Patriots and I was outta practice. I had an injury. I remember one day we came into the meeting post practice into an offensive meeting and everybody was like, man, it's this rookie out there that's, that's talking crazy, that's trying to go at Tay. Like you think like there's a lot of vets in the league that are not trying to step to Tay and here you are as a rookie, like out there training camp. Like what's, like, what's up?


Like trying to compete with the best receiver in the league, You know what I'm saying? Like where does that come from? Like, and tell the people like the type of edge that it takes, especially as a corner and somebody that's like really out there shutting shit down. Like you can't just be out there to me like hoping you could run with Tay. Like you really gotta step out there knowing who you are and what you bring to the table. So like tell can you, is that, can that be taught? Can, is that, do you, are you born with that? Like, speak to that. I mean I feel like you built that through, through the work you put in, man. Honestly, like, like what TJ said, I was a guy in high school who put in so much work. So I just felt like nobody worked harder than me. You wasn't gonna outwork me. I feel like everything I did, I was gonna do it better.


You know what I'm saying? And if you, if you beat me this rep that was just that rep, I'm gonna, I'm gonna win the whole battle though. You know what I'm saying? And so when I, the mindset I had going up against Taylor was just like, I'm not here to, to, to put my toe in the water. You know what I'm saying? I'm trying to go in head first. I'm trying to go in and and guard the best receivers week in and week out. That's what, that's what I want to do. You know what I'm saying? And I believe in my abilities and I, and I believe I can do that and, and I will do that. And, and when I get my opportunity, I'm gonna prove that Hell yeah.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


This is Jeff Teague from the Club five 20 podcast. Yo, we're taking over Times square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat and JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast. Powered by the volume. Don't miss it for excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app


With Amex Gold. You can make dining out before the big event, a big event. Hey, you Made it, it's been So long. And earn four times membership rewards points on purchases at restaurants up to $50,000 per year. And if you're running late, no problem. Oh, we gotta go. You get access to card member entrances at select venues so you can make it in Tide to catch the big win. That's the powerful backing of American Express card member entrance access, not limited to Amex Gold card terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex


Moving forward. Jack Jones, the person, if you are a general manager, you a head coach, why should they feel comfortable signing you on your roster, on their roster, feeling like you may be a liability. What, what would you tell 'em if they asked you that? Me a liability. And and in which ways do You know to off The field personal on, on the field? I don't believe anybody has any questions on the field. Jack Jones a baller to me, everything is off the field. I know your character, I know who you are.


I know the environment you grew up in and that environment is is me or you. I would rather you than me and deal with the consequences. But as we mature Yeah. Or that ain't always the right way. And you've learned that and you're still learning that Jack, Jack the person, not the player. 'cause I don't believe there's any question when it pertains to the player, it's the person. Oh, I, I've grown man, I I'm not that same young man. I used to be, You know what I'm saying? I got kids, I got, I got my babies depending on me, You know what I'm saying? I can't just go out here and make the, the same mistakes or the same decisions I used to make when, when I was young without kids.


You know what I'm saying? So I just kind of feel like my babies, man, they just, they just, they weighing on me a lot more, You know, I'm spending a lot more time with 'em and it's just like, it just mean a lot more to me, You know what I'm saying? You know, I already love the game. So just the fact that I'm not on the team and I, and I can't say like, yes, I'm in the NFL right now, currently today. It like, it, it crushes me. It, it hurts like, You know what I'm saying? Because I, I love ball, but, but man, it is my babies man. I, I'm a changed man and, and I feel like everybody around me can see that. And you just have to get around me to see that, Oh for real shit when you talking, you talking to somebody that man, like where people at one point in time in my career try to define me by my character at a certain point or take a snapshot of who they thought that I was.


But that nev that was not the end narrative of my story after that there was, it was Pro Bowls, it was the best years of my career. Me, You know what I'm saying? Having a C on my chest and people like re really respecting what I brought to the table. 'cause that who was the true me, that was the real me. So I understand what it's like to go through shit and, You know, react in certain ways to whatever it may be in, in life. But man, there's still so much of your story that is gonna be written, man. Like, don't even think about this time as like ever being an ending or being or doubting yourself just because you haven't found a home yet, bro. Like, you still got a lot to bring to the table and, and, and God's got a lot more in front of you, bro, for real, Right? Appreciate it Man. Yes sir. Hey, in Your short career, short career, who's the best receivers that you had to guard and who's won?


No, no, no, no, no. So every, so there's some good players and who's one that surprised you? Like, oh shit, he, he got something to him. I didn't think he was like that. That one player Jack Jones. That's the only one. I ain't gonna lie. He got these boy can keep me. I'm gonna keep it real man. If I'm really in my bag, it Don't got nothing to do with seeing you. What receivers have you covered? Were you like They good? Yeah, Now matter of fact, matter of fact, speaking of that practice, that practice, that Raider practice in New England, I mean when I was in New England it was, I don't even remember his name.


I just remember he was in number 89 and I was talking so much stuff to Tate. I ain't gonna lie, that boy came out there and went two for two on y'all was so sick, You know, You know who, who number 89 is? Dar You know, Back in 22 I think it was, I wanna say like, I wanna say Cooper, maybe it was like Cooper something or something. Cooper I think, Nah, that Amari Cooper had 89, but that was a while ago. That was before I even got there. Brian Edwards was 89 and 21, but I think he went to the Falcons at some point in 20, I don't know. Oh No, maybe his name was Tony. I think Tony, does that sound right? I don't know bro.


He was at, he was at 89 for sure. For sure. No bro. Sorry, sorry bro. If you, you see this? I'm sorry bro. Was it Keely Cole? It was key. I really don't, I think Keely Cole was 84. I definitely remember Keely Cole boy. Yeah, I remember Kes dog. That's my dog. Oh Man, that's one of Akin bro. Yeah. Yeah. So key, key like, You know, I trained guys, he was one of the first guys that I trained when he came out. Yeah. You know, he, he acting now, he, he trying to get into Hollywood. He out here, but he should be, bro, he should be doing some comedy skits, bro. Like he a clown. For real. Yeah. So Jack, okay. Nobody gives jack junk problems on the field as far as a receiver.


Give me corners that you not say model your game after, but you like to watch to try to pick up little things here and there. I mean all the guys who they say is top corners, like literally all of them. Jaylen Johnston, Ja, Alexander, Jaylen Ramsey, AJ Terrell, who I'm missing, I'm missing somebody else on that list. So I'll be watching Like Patrick 13 a lot. Yeah, I, I think that's it. I watched a little bit of Darius Slay.


I'm a, I'm a fan of him, but I don't know, I just never really tapped in that much. I'm, I'm a, I'm gonna start looking into him a little bit more, but I just watch all the top gods who they say is the top gods and You know, I just, I don't know, I just try to be that be better than that. Whatever you want to say. When, when you, when you look at the situation where here we sit June 24th, a lot of training camps begin probably 21 to 27 days out when that time comes. Jack, Jack Jones, I'm, I call him Jack Jack.


So when you, you hear me stuttering with that it's, it's 'cause You know I'm calling him what we call him and not as by his Jackie Jones by his real name. If you are not signed, you gotta let e like you gonna still be working like you are signed. Because my last season it was a lockout and I wasn't, when the lockout ended, I wanna say it was like either late August or early September, it was just like last minute bow 2012 or 2011, whatever it was. And I was working out but I wasn't really working out.


So then I started like trying to work out and rush everything and I strained my calf and then I got signed like four days later played with a calf that I couldn't burst. Like I couldn't really run, I go about 80% but I could never get to a hundred and they wouldn't tell me this. I got coaches telling other players like yeah man, DJ lost a step literally. And I'm like bro, my cap is, I can't run. And, and so I say that to say whether you are on a team or not, and I believe you will and I believe you should be, boy you better be working like you on the team because when that opportunity come, they don't care if you been working out hard.


They don't care if, oh I didn't think I was gonna be signed. You know the saying, you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready, you ain't gotta get ready. And so my message to you is stay ready mentally. I know your pops is on your ass, I'm on your ass. Pause. But there's no more motivation than the babies you got. If you don't do it for nobody, you do it for them and yourself. 'cause the talent like you shouldn't be damn where I'm gonna sign and it is Jack Jones, the person, not Jack Jones the player.


Now we gonna leave that. Hey, what you like to do outside of football? I know you, you be playing video games. I'll beat the fuck out. You imagine. I know you be playing. I will beat the fuck out. You imagine. But outside of that video game at all, Hey do you be playing, do you just play like head to head or you be on franchise? Shit? I mean it really depends. I I be playing all that for real. You be, you play franchise? Yeah, I'm gonna add you to some leagues. I mean you gonna get your ass beat. All right. For sure. We going to see here. You, you you play video games or you two grown for that? Nah, once I Being a booth, he ain't on a video game. Once I started making, once I started making music, I just like video games just kind of just like fell off naturally.


You ain't got no or so how often you in the studio? Oh me. Oh him. You ain't rapping? Yeah, I don't rap talking to Mr. Waller. I just showed up the way. I gotta change your screen. No, you, you, you look like you rapping with, with all the jewelry on. Like he got, he got, he got. Nah, but I be, I be in the lab. I, I got my engineer, he lives in Houston and so I'll fly him out or I'll either go there for like three, four days in a row. I'll usually like stock up writing some shit. Probably like three, four songs by the time I go see him probably like once a month. And then we'll cook up on the spot too, get a couple songs.


And so every time we link up it's three, four songs that's getting done. And yeah, so I'm, I'm not recording every day Plus I think feel like, You know what I'm saying? I, I rap about real life shit that I'm going through shit that I'm really experiencing. So I'm like, I feel like I gotta have life lived in between. I can't just be like caved up in a studio thinking I'm about write about some real shit. You Got a studio in your house? Yeah, I'm in the, I'm in the, I'm in the room right Now. Yeah, yeah it looked like it. That's why I asked In the studio. I got the Acoustics and shit. I got the Competing Monitoring set up right there. You know how to play anything else like John's piano or anything? I've been playing piano for about a year now. I know how to play a lot of songs. I gotta really gotta learn like theory and shit for real.


But I'm not, I ain't no real piano player. I could play some songs but He asking you that because all them artists that come up outta Long Beach, that's what it is. It's all kind of artists because it's a small city but it's so many people with so much talent now You know what Jack, not many people know. Let me ask you this and I just thought about it when we start talking music again, you grew up playing in the a Snoop Youth Football League. Yeah. How was that? Man, because Long Beach just sent a lot of dudes to the league and at least for me, Willie McGinnis was one who always made it and was bawling.


But he was always present at Poly, nah. Yeah, all seasons. He coming to Poly. Yeah, he retired. He was at Poly three, four days a week. So between Willie Mack and Snoop, how was that plan with the Snoop U football team with other guys that now, now in the league? Yeah. Nah, that, that's a, that's that's where the competitive nature come from. You know, we've been competing since we was 6, 7, 8 years old and it was like real competitive. Like we lose games. We crying after won a fight one, You know, it feel like we done lost the Super Bowl after a regular Saturday. Like, You know what I'm saying? So Nah, but but shout out to Snoop man. Shout out to Willie that they was always there every time they could be, You know?


'cause they, they got a really busy schedule but they, they definitely helped out a lot of kids in, in Long Beach, You know what I'm saying? Putting that league in there, putting the teams around and You know, some guys took advantage of it. Yeah. So one, we appreciate you joining us, man. Thank you. Now, any of you teams listening? The majority, man. Y'all got my number. I had the same number 25 years. That's how old I, I done had the same number for 25 years. Man, y'all call me. I'm gonna give y'all the real, I ain't going. Now one thing I won't do, I don't lie. I ain't gonna lie for him, but I believe in this dude because we all have lessons and we all have trials and we all have things that we don't like.


And Darren is a perfect example of that. Like had a lot of misfortune early in his life, in his career. Got a second, third chance. Boom, we good. And you, Mr. Jack, I mean just made a couple bad decisions and they not like, oh my god, what was he doing? Passionate. Sometimes that passion works for us and sometimes it works against us. Yeah, we gotta channel that the right way. So if y'all don't believe he can do it, I'm vouching for him. He can do it. 'cause I'm gonna be, like I said earlier on his ass, like back pockets.


You too good of a player to not be playing on Sunday. But always remember man, the league don't give a fuck if you playing or you ain't playing. You either going roll with 'em or you going to get your ass rolled over. So just make sure you doing, you holding up your end of the bargains. Stay out of trouble. Take care of your babies, take care of yourself, take care of your family and let these teams know they can trust you. Nah, for sure man. I appreciate you man. I appreciate Y'all having me. What's Up man? Love you dog. You need something? Holler at me man. All I love you too. All right Darren. Peace bro. The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a P'S preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apuus.edu slash military.


Yo. This is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast draft night's about who goes number one. It's about how you show up. And JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Dylan Harper's tenacious two-way play, or Trey Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south, jds got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collabs. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the league's getting younger, your feet getting fresher. JD Sports where the game meets the streets, visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting Five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it. Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeart podcast.