
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's Up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower And iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, Founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage A war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the A, a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the us and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test, a prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0, and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard tests performs an adult age. 45 to 49 is estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello. Thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap as the Denver Nuggets ran away from the OKC Thunder by the score of one 40 to 27. Welcome to Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, your favorite Aunt Shannon Shark, the Liberty City legend back from vacation in the Dr. Bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for being so gracious to us and supporting us.


Hopefully we'll get your continued support. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you. We are coming to a city or a state near you. I'm in Illinois, then I'm in Hartford, then I'm in Maryland, I'm in Atlanta, I'm in Savannah, and then I'm in Charleston. Guess what, Arizona. We have distribution in Arizona, New Mexico. So we are gonna be in a city or a state near you. But if we're currently not in a city or a state near you, reach out, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Make sure you check out my media company on all of its plate Pat platform.


Excuse me, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has been restocked and we just dropped our Super Bowl show shirt and hat bundle. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they are gone. Ocho there's a lot of NFL news that happened today because the new year starts tomorrow and we're gonna get to that in a bit. But we've gotta talk about the Denver Nuggets got their, got their get back tonight against the OKC Thunder 1 41 27, the scored 140 points. They shot 61% from the floor.


They shot 56% from the three. All seasons worse allowed by the number one ranked defense in K at A-K-L-C-O-K-C. Yoic went off 35 points, 18 rebounds, eight assists. Jalen Williams left the game with a right strained hip and it showed, look, Shaa is gonna win the MVP. Yeah. And he should, but make no mistake. Yeah, the best player in The world is Yoic. Nicola Yoic is the best player in The world and it's not close as great as Shea is.


Ain't nobody seeing Yolk ojo. Can I have you, can I ask you a question? Yeah, you may shortly, Matt, that this, this, This, it kind of really don't make no sense to me now, now if if FGA is the MVP, but you consider Yoic the best player in The world right now. Yes. How does that go? How does that even go hand in hand? In, in in general, Because the best player doesn't always win the MVP. LeBron James was the best player for a decade. He only has four, maybe longer, and he only has four MVP, Michael Jordan, same thing. Okay. So that doesn't necessarily always equate. You look at how well a guy's playing, right? The best player on the OKC is Shay. Yes, sir. Look at their record. 53 and 12, the number one seed in the Western conference.


Right? And so basically it is him Yolk Giannis. We'll see what happens with LeBron, maybe jt. But when you look at the numbers that Yoic is putting up, yeah. 29 points a game, 12 rebounds a game, 10 assist a game, he's gonna average, he's on pace to average a triple double. He's the best player. I, I get all that. What y'all saying, Chad? I I I hear it and Shaa has been phenomenal. Yeah. Leading the league is scoring. Becher is not a better player. Giannis is not a better player. JT is not a better player. Luca, LeBron, whomever you want to throw in the occasion on the, of the, the equation, excuse me. The best player in the NBA the best basketball player in The world is from Serbia.


And he's yoic. I I are you, are you sure about that? I'm 1000% categorically for certain. I've never been in, I've never been sure about any more thing in my life other than my firstborn. She looks just like me. I've never been sure more about anything. Okay. Okay. Ba based on, based on your, on giving me a better understanding and context. Context and how most of the time the best player doesn't ask you win the MVPI, I'm going to have to agree with you in a sense. But what SGA is doing this year is, is phenomenal. Phenomenal. And the reasons why they're first and have the record that they do, and statistically on both sides of the court offensively and defensively, they're at the top, top three at almost every statistical category.


I I, I would kind of put him up there with Joker as the best player in the NBA. But you think Joker is instead? Yeah. No joke. Yo yo joke is hands down the best player. Okay? It's not, it's not CLOs. Okay. I can't now that, that's not to take, that's not to take away anything from Shay in what he's doing. Right. He's gonna be a unanimous first team all NBA selection. Right. And rightfully so. I believe he's gonna win the MVP and rightfully so. Okay? But I believe two things can be true, right? I believe Shaa deserves the MMVP. He's earned that award. Nicole Yoki is the best player in basketball now, And you dribble a basketball And you breathe oxygen. Nicole Yoki is best.


That, that's all I'm saying. And he doesn't, that's not a knock on she No, no. I mean there, there, there are guys that want MVP look. Call Malone with MVP. It wasn't better player than Michael Jordan. What are we doing here? He wasn't but his, look at his team's record. Look at the numbers that he put up. Yeah. Raw. Check this out. I guarantee you, if Shay and them didn't have this record, let's just say they was tied with Yolk. Now Yolk would with four MVPs in a five year span, because the numbers, look at his numbers. OCHO 29, 12, and 10 and he's shooting 57, 50 8% from the floor.


He was 15 or 20. Let us again, 15 or 21 of two from the three point line. Kelly, he's shooting down there 50%. Brooke, what is he shooting on for the three this year? He just doesn't, I don't know if he takes enough to qualify. Ah, He's shooting 43% from the, from the floor, but excuse me, from the three. He's shooting 57, 57, 50 8%, 57, almost 58% from the floor. He shooting 43% from the three point line.


Yeah, but that's, that's crazy. They Ain't know him. Take this away. Shade's going to win the MVP. Right? I guarantee you, if you poll all the GMs and ask him, I bet yo wins is 30 teams. You got 30 GMs, he's gonna probably win 28 to 2 27 3 as the best player in the NBA. It's not close. Don't knock on nobody. Right? He's not. But tonight he showed you what he's capable of. And then he had his, he had his guy with him. A Murray 11 or 22, 3 or 7 34. They had, they only played, they only played eight guys. Six of 'em scored the double figures.


The seventh guy had eight points and he only played 18 minutes. Everybody scored the, touched the court except one guy. What was, what, what was, what was Shay stat line tonight? Shaa had 25. He was eight or 14 three of seven. Six or six. His plus minus was minus 18. Chad hung was minus 20. Lou Dort who led him in score him was minus eight. Isaiah Hardin Stein was the only one that had a plus, right? No. J Jalen Williams had a plus, but he left with about 14, at 14 minutes in the ball game. Five or 10, one of three. Look, you are gonna have one of these games, Ocho. Yeah. You're not gonna be, you. Look, I don't care. The best defense.


Look at 85 Bears. I don't know if you remember that Monday Night massacre that Miami put on their ass. I'm old enough to, I'm old enough to remember that. Right? They beat the brakes off the bears in the, in the Orange Bowl back in 84. Go look it up on that Monday night and look what damn Marino and them did to 'em. So you, you gonna have a bad game. You look at what happened to us, we played that defense that year. Jimmy Smith dropped avenue near 300 yards receiving on us in three touchdown. Oh yeah. Yeah. 15 for 2 9 1. That's when Dwayne, Dwayne Star was out there struggling. And Chris McAllen you cutting, he cutting everybody ass. It didn't matter. He, Hey, you get him? I'll cut your Nah, nah, you go back over there. I have him up.


I don't, I don't want no more of these problems. I I remember that game before it happens. Nicola Yoic averaging 29 points, 13 rebounds, 11 assists. So he's third in scoring. Third in rebounding. Yeah. Second in assist. 11th in field goal percentage shade is first in scoring at 33 points to 76 in rebounds. 5.1 16th in assist, 6.2 25th in field goal percentage. I mean, he about to become the second guard. I think Michael Jordan did it to score 30 on at least 50% shooting as a guard. That's, that's crazy.


That's crazy efficiency. I'm talking about crazy. I mean, because think about it. Only two guys have ever done it in the history that played the guard position. Now there have been bigs. Obviously if you are big, that's different. You're not taking the outside shots right? Like a guard is. But for Jordan to average 30 and shoot 50% from the floor and Shaa, hell damn is shooting 53% from the floor. He's had a phenomenal season. And to watch the process and watch how he's gotten Better. Better. Yeah. And you in year out and better every single year. Now, I'm not saying that if you work hard, you are gonna be able to have a meteoric rise like him, but, but it's just hard for me to see not a player not getting incrementally better if he works.


Yeah. Now are you gonna take that leap like he's taken? Probably not. Yeah. Listen, you'll get better. Yeah. It, it's, it was, it was always something was already in him though. Huh? You gotta understand that the player players are different regardless to what sport you play. When you work hard, if you already got the talent And you, you add that we're working hard, that's when the leaps and bounds happen in your game like that. You look at LeBron, look at Jordan, look at Kobe guy that a, a immensely talented, talented, but are equally as hardworking work. Yeah. So now you combine the talent with hard work. Hey, Elevate.


Yeah. Elevate the, the heights unknown. Yes. And sometimes if you work hard, you don't have to be the most talented. Larry Bird wasn't running, no running, wasn't leaping out of the gym. Right. He wasn't the the the fleet is the foot, but he'd tear your ass up. Same thing with magic from, anyway, magic. We had never seen anything like magic. We'd never seen a guy, a six nine guy, you a power forward or you a sinner. That's what a six nine guy. He was the same height as Bill as Mr. Russell six, nine. He playing the point and he's playing the point guard. So now you got little six foot guards trying to guard him. Hell, he looked right on the top of them. Put a hand up in his face. What?


Put what hand so he could see over the top of the defense. Right. This was a great game, obviously. OKC that played just played had an unbelievable performance the other night. This was a back to back, right? Yeah. They beat the nuggets. They, They, they they played last night. Yeah. They beat the nuggets in Denver and then Yeah, with that game in Denver, was it, or was it in OKC was both the kc. Okay. But Yogi gets this revenge. The, the nuggets get back on the winning track one 40. They score 34, they have 67 points at the half.


Wow. OKC had 73 at the half. Yeah. And then they get, and then the second half, they gave up 73 second half points to the nuggets while they scored 54 second half points. That was the difference in the ballgame. And that's why they ran away with it.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need with Talkspace. You can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


The number two seated Lakers without LeBron James lose to the 24, 21 and 42 Nets. LA drops to 40 and 23 are now the third seat in the west. This is especially costly. Lost considering their upcoming schedule is three back to backs in eight days. Their half game behind of the Denver Nuggets for two and a half game ahead of Memphis for four LL la is in Milwaukee on Thursday. JJ said there's a low level communication game for the Lakers. He said that being shorthanded isn't an excuse. We just don't take, we just don't. We, we just wanted to take shortcuts.


Just shortcuts. You wanna be a good team in the NBA. You wanna win. You have to do the hard stuff. I agree, jj, I mean, I mean, when, when j when JJ says you have to do the hard stuff, what exactly is the hard stuff he's speaking of? Because with LeBron beat Out everything, you gotta rebound, you've gotta box out, you gotta get loose balls, you gotta make the extra pass. You can't take a shortcut. Like, oh, this seems to be easy turning the ball. Careless turnovers. Okay, okay. I, I understand, I understand that, but I, oh, they've been playing well all season along and well, obviously when Luca got there, all of a sudden LeBron is out now everything is magnified and they taking shortcuts. Well, they weren't just taking shortcuts two nights ago or three nights ago or four nights ago before when they was winning.


Yeah. Look, Luca did not shoot the ball. Well again, eight or 26, 3 of 10, five turnovers. Officer Reeves didn't shoot the ball. Well, three of 14. Alex Lin, he got great cardio in 13 minutes, zero points. He was just saying he do, hey, he was just getting his cardio in. So, You know, guys normally after the game that didn't play a lot, didn't normally get on the bike. They get the leg, get some cardio in. Alex Lin got his in. He just happened to play 13 minutes and ain't give you nothing in the stat sheet. Now. You see what I mean? Now. Now see what you just said right there. You you, you, you rattled off four players, right? Yeah. That didn't, that didn't play well, didn't shoot well, but JJ said it is about cutting corners of hard work.


How about you just, I mean, it is clear as they were really happen. It's clear as day. But I'm, I'm assuming as a coach you really can't say that. You can't be honest. Sometimes Ocho sometimes even when you're not playing well, you can overcome not playing well by playing hard. That's what he's saying. That's a good one. That's that's, that's a good one. I like that. I like that. But I don't think without them having LeBron and Luca playing his not okay. Not not playing up the par. There's even if you, even if you did play hard and did and didn't take any shortcuts, you wasn't winning that game tonight because it's not enough. It's not enough people to Have they got, they had a 12 point lead, don't you? And what happened to that 12 point lead? Huh?


What happened was you kept filing, you kept putting the ass on the free throw line. They shot 30 free throws. You shot 19. Yeah. You putting you on the road And you let a team out, shoot you by 11, you're probably gonna lose. I mean, they shot the ball. I mean the Lakers were, I mean they shot better from the Florida. They shot better from the three, they shot better from the free throw line. It was close rebound. I mean, no, they gave up 16 offensive rebounds, don't you? You See that's the hard stuff box out. You think the ball just go bounce to you? No. This was a game that they really needed to win ocho.


Right? Because think about it. They got Milwaukee. They still got the nuggets. They got the nuggets twice. Yeah. And you gonna face these teams without LeBron. Right. So they dropped. You say they dropped third, they they went from second To third and east. The third they have game back a second. They have game in front of Memphis for four. Ugh. Yeah. And you gonna be without LeBron. You're basically, so I'm gonna err on the side of caution, right? They say he's gonna be out a week. I'm gonna keep my two weeks 'cause I don't want him to reinjury. We're about five weeks away from the postseason. The last thing I want is LeBron living into the postseason. Right? Because I know we got no chance. But you just gotta do all the, you gotta do the small stuff right?


Especially when you down one of your best players, Right? I mean, I like I said, I, I said this at the time of the signing. I don't know why you signed to Alex Lynn. Y'all should, y'all should say, Hey Sacramento, we gonna keep Chip in a couple of dollars 'cause we don't want him to come here. That's messed up. Huh? When has anybody said, You know what, Alex Lynn might be the missing piece. He might be a good role player. He might be a good backup. I mean, oh, he in the NBA for a reason. Now he in the NBA. Hey look like you say it all the time. He tall Sometimes. Listen sometime. That's all it take.


Now if we, if we, if we can get him, if we, if we can get him to play, Play what? The saxophone drum Guitar. If we to play like he look, come on now. You just out there wasting the roster spot. Yeah. Look like cars play like Jane. No disrespect to Young Bull. I'm he robbed. I'm just saying gave Vincent gave it to you tonight. He's starting to shoot the ball really well. Eight or 12 from the floor. Six or nine from the three, two or two from the free throw line. He led the Lakers in scoring with 24. Luca played 41 minutes.


He's scoring 22, but he took 26 shots. Nah, you could never have fuel points been shot attempts. That's not good. Officer Reeves only had three more points that he had shot attempts. That's not good. Yeah, don't connect. Had one more point, point than shot attempts. That's not good. And like, and I say this again and all sincerity, it's hard for me to see a scenario that Alex l is better than Dwight Howard. Even at the age of 38 or 39. I just don't see it. But You know, they, they not bringing anyone older. The the game, the game, the game itself is a young man's game.


So even though Dwight Howard is big, that I, I'm sure they could use, they'd just rather not do it. And I think, I think there might have been some, some rift if I'm not, if I'm not mistaken seeing it earlier, You know, with, with with Dwight Howard had exchange of words with, with, with somebody when he was on the Lakers. Which is why he is not there now. He Had no exchange of no words. I got words. You want to go, you want to go, you want to go in, go farther than the first round of the playoffs. That's the word. Okay? Not the word but words. Hey, Farther than the first round. If the Lakers really knew what they needed, You know who they, You know who they really could have bought in.


What? What you mean what Man you holding the ball like you a 1950s basketball player. Man, put that ball down before you hurt yourself. Hey, don't, don't, don't worry about how I'm holding this ball. It's about where the ball gonna go once I get to the hoop. No Going, ain't going the basket. What? Hey listen, well, when I was in high school, I, I average a triple double man. That's not, that's what we not gonna do. A Triple single. Triple A triple double. Hey, A a triple a triple Double. They say, they say you had quadruple double. Hey man, listen. Six eight class six eight Miami B Singer. I average 42 points a night. You talk about man, well I used to be out there, man. Like I quadruple single. Nah, listen, I was like a mixture of Jamal Furry four points, four rebounds, two assist six vs.


Hey, I was a mixture, mixture of Jamal Murray and Kyrie Irv. That's what my package looked like. Yeah. I got a, yeah, I got, I got a package. Now ask about me, Lord that mercy ask about me. A mix of X lacks of pH. You was some ish. Nah, nah, I'm telling you, I'm telling you where I was built different man. You would've thought I was born in New York. The kind of handles I had. Yeah, that's, that's what you used to tell me. Boy, boy, you, you from, you sure you from Miami. I said, yeah, but you played at one of them boys off of Rucker Park. I say, nah. Like I just, No, I didn't say that Ocho you did not play basketball in high school. Who? I played soccer. I'm saying I'm about, that Ain't basketball. I know, but listen to me, my fo my focal point was soccer.


But I'm just saying that's how good I was in athletic. I was where I could tra i it translate, You know, I used to skip, skip class and go to people pe class and play basketball. Oh, Joe, you can't play basketball. I'm, I'm listen man, there's one thing about me. I lie for you before I lie to you. You hear me? You just lying now. Nah, I, I I mean you ain't really talking to nobody in particular. You just lying. I take pride in my craft. What? Mac and cheese. That's the only craft I, that's the only craft I know anything about that you would know about.


All that other stuff you talk about. I don't know nothing about that. Hey, what you talking about? Oh, Joe, after tumultuous Aaron neurologist era in New York has made it clear and decisive and somber decision with a high upside player on a low cost deal. The Jets sign Justin Fields to a two year deal, $40 million with 30 million guaranteed. He was celebrating his new deal in Dubai with Michael Parsons, Kyle Pit and Bijan Robinson Fields is expected to be the Jets opening day starter ahead of Tyro. Taylor Fields would be uni reunited with Garrett Wilson.


The two were teammates for two seasons at Ohio State. Ohio State, 19 through the 20th Fields was drafted. Number 11 overall in 2021. Nine spots after the jet selected Zach Wilson, who had, who was replaced by Rogers and traded last off season. He was in Denver last last year. Now he's in Miami on a one year deal, fully guaranteed to back up tour ocho. Hey. Yeah. What do you think about this deal? Listen, now we know definitively Justin Fields is not going back to Pittsburgh. Yeah, he's in New York. You are? So you like this deal? Yeah, absolutely. I like it. I like it. Justin Fields deserve, deserve a chance to start. He deserve a chance to start somewhere.


If it wasn't gonna be in Pittsburgh, obviously Mike Tom had promised Russell Wilson the job. He came in, took the team, the four and two, then Russell Wilson took over. We know what happened. The bottom fell out towards the end of the season. Justin Fields doesn't come back. He was on a one year deal. He's now going to the New York Jets. Now the New York Jets had their own problems. One of the problems that they did have, but that, that they think they solved is a quarterback position in bringing Justin Fields in. I'm hoping, I'm hoping things go in his favor and they continue to put pieces around him so he can succeed at what he does. Having Garrett Wilson for one, as a step in the right direction, fixing the officer line for two is another step in the right direction.


You have Brie Hog gonna take some of the pressure off of you when it comes to running the ball. He can also catch the ball out the back field. Outside of that, the defense, maybe they can get back, hopefully get back to what they once were. Not last year, but the year before where they were top three at almost every statistical category when they played hope. They, they, they can get back to that. And I'm happy for Justin Fields and listen, now, now, now the onus is on you. The onus is on you, you what you wanted. You wanted a chance to be a starter. You wanted a chance to be able to prove yourself. Now you got it. And not only do you got it, now you've got it in the best place to play the best market. The media, The world is watching you gonna be on tv.


Everything you do is going to be magnified. You know, so the, the pressure, the pressure gonna be on a little bit. Now, hey, The pressure's also gonna be on. Hey, this is a big apple, ain't it? Well also, You know who the backup was under Rogers who played better at spots when he got into Rogers Tyro Taylor. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, Tyro. Hey, Tyro been been around for a long time now. That's what, that's one joke Playing. Well you understand, Hey listen, Hey, that, that's one joke on. And you can put him on all 32 teams. He gonna give you what you need every time he step in there, every time he step in there. But for some reason they don't view him as a starter when he actually is. Right. That's what he should be.


He played really well. Remember he started in Buffalo and took him to the playoffs. Oh Yeah. Yeah. And then he goes to San Diego. He gives, he has a, a collagen injury suffered in the preseason. They injected and they end up piercing the lung and he collapsed his lung. So now Justin Herbert starts, now Herbert plays, well he never gets the job back. Yeah. So now he's been a backup. He was a backup in New York. Played better than Daniel Jones got, went to Jets and played good. So he's played well. Yeah, when he's been given an opportunity to play he To do so. Yeah. Oh, actually, and he was also a backup in, in Baltimore. Yeah.


Didn't he back up Flaco? He wait, he did. Yeah. Wait, what year was this? He, he was on that Super Bowl team. Oh, right. Rod got a ring too, huh? Yeah. That's where, and he played, You know, in back spot duty played Well he goes to Buffalo. Yeah. Okay. So he went from Baltimore to Buffalo, to the Chargers, to the Giants, to the Jets. Now, where was he at when they had the issue with the lung, with the puncture lung, The charges.


Now did he purposely not file any type of action essentially for the fact I think he did file a grievance for real. I think he did file a grievance because that's, that's tricky O ocho because you want to get deep enough in there, put the medicine in there and the lungs are right there. The lungs are right there. You have to be cautious. Now you're talking to somebody that shot that that shot his ribs up. Yeah, because he had like rib cartilage. Oh yeah. So it is a very delicate process. And it happens. It happened, it happened. But You know what I was think about too, when I just thought about it. You, you, you have to be careful a little bit I think if you have an issue like that, especially where the doctors are responsible for doing something wrong to you. But I, I always thought as a player, if you file suit and, And you win, You know the NFL ain't gonna play with you no more.


You know, You know, You know what I'm trying to get at? Huh? Oh, so that's, He said probably it cost you a starting job because they pay you salary. Not Now. So now you, now, You know what I mean? You see what I mean? But, huh. Yeah, he, he said yeah. Oh, that's great. So Yeah, it, it, it happened. So I, I'm congratulate, I'm happy for Justin Fields. Yeah. He like, absolutely, bro, I ain't going back to Pittsburgh. Y'all ain't gonna turn me loose. Y'all, y'all gonna come in here and y'all wanna do this little stuff like that. Play to the defense. Don't take any risk. Yeah, right. The last time they took risk is when they had big band. They allow big band to play free. Well, Hold on. Now you gotta understand what big, big, big band had at the disposal to be able to play free.


Right. They ain't had, they ain't got nothing like that over There early, but early in his career, even when he had weapons, they, it was a defense. They run the bus. Right. They ran Willie Parker and then even when they got Labon, they still was a aired out type of a football team because they had all of those receivers. They had Mike Wallace and they had the Sanders and they had the A Bs. Yeah. So they had a nice collection of talent at the wide receiver position. Right Now I'm not saying, and none of the guys, so I don't want people to misconstrue this. None of the guys that's played quarterback are comparable to Ben. So we know, we know what Ben represents. Right. But all I'm saying, I mean, I think Ben has the most 500 pass games in NFL history.


With that being said, at the end of the day, Ocho, you gotta let me throw the football, bro. Yeah. This is 2 20, 25. This ain't 1940 football where we run the ring wing tee. Mm. Yeah. You got To, the quarterbacks want to throw receivers want to catch running backs, wanna run edge. Rushers wanna rush the quarterback. Right? Yeah. So you gotta let 'em do what they were meant to do. Right. And so look, I'm sure you're gonna take it, try to take advantage of Phil's legs, the two dynamic for you not to, but you gotta let it throw the ball. Ocho and I ain't talking about no damn 15 times a game. What the hell you expect the man to do? Go 50, go with 12 or 15 for 220 yards, three touchdowns.


Come on now. Yes. It's all about understanding your player's strengths. Under understanding, understanding your player's strengths. Understanding your players' weaknesses, and plan to her strengths. Play to her strengths, and try to come up with weakness by doing other things, using other people. Right. It's, it is, it's easy. It's a, it's a reason it's 11 people on the goddamn field. Yes. Everybody has a responsibility. You like to move to the jets. Absolutely. Hell yeah, but one, only because, okay, I got Bri Hall behind it. Right. And You mean to tell me I got, I got a gangster and, and, and Garrett Wilson out there too.


Now I don't, I don't know what the rest of the receiver corps look like, but I know I could count on five. They might go, they might get a receiver, they might take an offense lineman. Yeah, I know, I know. I could count on five. I'm, I'm straight. Lemme ask you this. How much pressure do you feel is on Justin Fields to show that? You know what I'm, hold on. I'm a capable starter. Yes. In the NFL. Yes. Not only is the pressure on him. Huh? Not only is the pressure on him, look where the hell he win to play at. That make the precious times 10. True. But what you can't do, you can't be gunshot. But, but it all start here.


It all start here. You, you better listen. You wanted it now. You got it. Yeah. And not only did you get it, now you got it on the bigger stage. Yeah. True. All that. Hey. Oh, ju Justin, I nigga gonna see, I knew you out there in Dubai and join yourself. You know I always been a supporter Man. We need to go to Dubai. Who? Yeah. Who? Who? Man. And you. What, what, what? I, I thought we were going, listen, we going somewhere. Start with a d. It ain't Dubai. It's called Dr. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's What we going. Hey. Huh? Hey y'all. Because y'all put me on that plane. Dubai or Joe Dubai. Bye. Hey, I see you when we leaving.


I see you at the airport Ocho in six days. Man, you can't turn me loose to Dr. Ocho. Oh no. Listen, listen. I got somebody gonna take care of us now. I got somebody you want Because I was gonna be out like a scouted a new route. Listen, we got the villa. We we got, we got the villa. The guy got in the villa for 10 bedroom. Now you don ain't got Sting with me. Now you can be in the villa next door. Yeah, I, Yeah. Yeah. I want my own villa. Yeah, you get your own 10 bedroom. You get your own chef, you get your ma you, you hear Get, You know your, your villa killer. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. So After that, I do my own made. Yeah. Oh yeah. You got your own maid and your Own shit bitch. They got, they got somebody to cook too. Yes. You get your own. You get your own personal.


Oh, I got my own. I got all that. Oh. Every, everything. Hey listen, they laid it out. Then you get your own. You got your own boat too. Now, now I got a friend, I got a friend of mine out there in the dr in his name in Jeff. You hear me now? Jeff, Jeff will take care of me. Trouble, trouble, trouble. Yeah, yeah. Yes sir. Yes sir. Jeff got a menu. You hear me? You know when you go to McDonald's, you go to Burger King? Yeah. One through 10. And what you want to pick from? Nah, about we're going and take sand to the beach. Ocho. No, boy. Hey, what? You know what? Hold on, let me, let me hold on. Like, like we at church. I'm excuse myself. Hey, hey Chef. I about what? Going takes sand to the, Hey, hey George. Let get let me get my sand outta you before I ain't getting there.


Old joke. Lemme get about you. I'm, I'm I, I'ma tell you one thing I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you one thing. I don't know if you ever been to the dr. I ain't been over. I ain't been over. You Ain't never been Uhuh. And it ain't no point in taking sand to the beach when the sand is already there. Nah, Li listen. Huh? I might well just stay on home. Shit then. Oh. Oh, there it is. All right. You, you about to get in trouble, huh? Lemme slow down. Okay? Yep. I'm gonna slow down a little bit. Nobody knows, Knows Get trouble. Hey, Stop. Hey, I'm, I'm doing all this lying.


I, I had my kids all weekend, man. All week man. All week. You had the kids out there? You know, motherfucker had all up with me. Oh, bad. If I not go with no kid, I might come back with a few. You know what I'm saying? Don't Charlie, I'm just saying if you like, what if it is what you said it is, I leave with none. I leave with three. Listen, I with three, listen, leave with five. I'm just basing everything off of using my peripheral vision. So I was with, I was with the kids and then the family, I was, I was on on daddy duty time making sure they enjoyed theyself. But I got eyes too. I got eyes. I'm, I got two of them. You have to show I got two of 'em. I'm, I'm allowed to use them. And then based on what I saw, based on what I saw, it is different.


It's different. Like we have a, we have a do a Dominican community here in Miami. But actually being in Punana and being able to see it for yourself is different. I don't know how to explain it, Man. It's, ooh, we, Hey, it's D man, boy, listen. What about, what about, what about Columbia? Brazil? What? I, I, I don't, I don't know about, I don't listen, I now I don't know about Columbia. What about, what gets it? Hell, Let's start it in the Dr first. Let's Start Dr. Yeah, Start in Dr. We we'll work our way around. Only thing I know about Columbia is Pablo Escobar. That's it. But hey, no, everybody be going there to get, get get their, get veneers now.


Where? In Columbia. In Columbia. Okay, okay. Okay. I guess you get a 30 30 i 32 pack for $5 Doc. Dr. Montoya. I think he got Columbia, ain't he? I get, I don't know what Joe. Hey, I, I thought hey, he didn't, he a famous, I think Hey, but the, the, the, the veneer would be so big that people can't even close their mouth For real. Damn. Nah, I wouldn't feel comfortable. I mean, I, it is hard. Now look, if I'm over, if I'm, I'm in a foreign country, Ocho and I need to have something done, I gotta have it done. But as far as going and getting it done, oh no.


I'm not Getting done. Right. No. Oh hell, we, you have to understand. Unc, they do it. I think they do a good job. Yeah. You know, in Columbia and the price point is a little bit less expensive. It Is. Come on Then. Would it would be here tight edge. Tight as what they do? Twin tight. But they do twin. Right. Hey, it's, it's hot in here. Hold on man. Keep whitening my face. Lemme turn the AC on. What? Doing, why you ain't in the bed? Really bro?


Yeah, they, yeah. I thought so Chad, people be going, don't let me going to Columbia getting BBL and getting a a, a a, a dental work done. That's the, that's the capital Columbia. The, is the, is the BL capital huh? Not up in the damn Columbia. Yeah, I might need to go to Turkey. Get me a hairline. I'm gonna be, get me one more Paul George headline. Oh nah. Well hey listen, you wanna talk about headline? The only headline I want, if I was ever to decide, like, listen, my headline is not receding, but if it was the receipt at any point and I decided to grow it out, I want my hairline.


Like what's the name unc from used to be on, used to be on first tape man. Jalen Rose. Jalen Rose? Yeah. Boy. Jalen. Hey, I don't know who Jalen Rose Barber is. Boy young boy. He, he had to be an engineer. Man, look here. Hey Jalen Rose Barber had to be an engineer. I ain't never seen nothing so clean and sharp like that boy. I'm talking about everything man. You see Paul George, Paul George ain't lost about one. I mean Paul George hairline right hip. For Real? Yeah. Hey, that joke. Hey, that joke aid, he raised it like this. His whole head go back, come down. Hey, I ain't never noticed that. I ain't never noticed that Man.


Pg. Hey, I need that pg the Turkey, Turkey is where you go for hair transplant because You know they pull it out the back and then they put it, You know, put it right here. Gotta, and then, but you can't work out, you can't sweat it. Anything for like three to five weeks. I got a question though. Yeah, I wish, and this is all jokes aside, I wish there was a way. I know if you're missing hair, they pull it from the back and they put it places so you can actually grow. Yeah, I would love to know what it feels like to have a full beard. Like my beard. I'm just being honest. And we family, so I can be honest with you. It grows in patches and if I do want it to grow and it, and, and, and allow it to be full. You Splotchy. I can tell. Yeah, You could. Come on Don throw You by eighth.


This they say your luck. You have pubic hair here planted. Hey Joe, Joe went to Turkey and got pubic hair planted in for beard. Hey, Hey. Do they now listen, now that's a procedure that, that I'm gonna do. I can, I can listen. We family, I can talk to you now. Oh, you get hair transplant? No, not, not hair. My hair grow fine. I'm saying if I can grow a beard and there was a way I could get surgery to make my voice deeper. And you see how I talk when I talk and it, it's like I I got a, a goddamn soprano voice. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna, I wanna be able to wake up on the phone. You know, talk man, look at P look at PG hairline.


Hello. Where's that Look at? Look at PG hairline at that thing. Oh, Joe. Nah, he just don't have a haircut. Huh? Even if you edge it up. Oh joke. Look at that. Look how deep that, oh Joe, look. Look at the side. What that point is. Look what the point is that damn near as a eyebrow. Hey, if p did that for my homeboy. Hey, me and P Yeah. Oh, ain't got no I want, I just want, I want that hair full of hair. I want my hair. You know my hair used to be down here there pretty soon. I'm gonna have to let that thing go. Like my brother. Yeah. I might need to go to Turkey.


I think Ocho froze. I'm right here. Okay. Okay. Okay.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need with Talkspace. You can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


But that's what I'm gonna do. O Joe. Oh, Joe the Steelers and Aaron Rogers could reportedly have a deal done by tomorrow. He beats them at Super Bowl 45. He could be joining them soon. Is this a good move by the Steelers? Might be the only move. Yeah, and, and I'm just getting ready to say that. I'm not sure if they want to go back to Russell Wilson, but the only move for them to do at this point, even though the issues that Aaron Rodgers had when he was with the Jets, it, it didn't work out some of the things that he did away from the away from the game that affected him. You know, on the field, if there's a team, if there's a team or a place where we can go where you understand you have to change your ways because now you are on the back end where they don't need you, they don't need you.


And you have to find a way, You know, to, to get in good s with the NFL in general, letting them know, okay, You know what, I don't have the leverage I used to have. Things are a little bit different now. The game is getting younger. I'm not the same four time all pro I used to be. I gotta do things the right way because I'm almost out the door. Yeah. I have flashes of brilliance, flashes of brilliance every so often. I'm up and down. This is, this could be my last stop. It could listen. You absolutely could. You got, you got George Pickers to work with.


You got DK met d dk Metcal to work with. I'm not sure. Huh? Prior Charles off in third And he Nice. I'm not sure what they gonna do in the backfield. You need somebody to take that pressure off him so we don't have to to do so Much. Not to cut you off. It looks like Ni g Harris is about to sign with the Chargers. Yeah. He ain't So Ja, Jalen Warren is a fridger too. Is he or he is he back? Because You know, everybody feels that they can go get a back because a lot of times people feel like the college back, his, his most value is when he first come out. Because guess what, Ocho he's coming out of a 21 or 22-year-old and we get it for three to four years and we ain't gotta do nothing at least for three years.


So we run the tread off the tires and then punch the ball, let somebody else get him. So we feel we got the best out of him. That's how they think. Ah, I hate that He's a restricted figure. I Hate that. I don't, I don't, I don't, You know, I don't like, I don't like the fact that the running back position still even look at the numbers that some of the recent running backs have gotten today is not valued the way it should be. Unless you are special. Unless you are special And you, you, I mean, you could look at it. So I I don't wanna say any names because to me it, it's, it's somewhat disrespectful, You know, to some of the deals that they had to sign one year deal. Yeah, They did. And it, but the, the running back had surg last year.


Ocho I mean, look, I, I ain't talking about, but you talk about the top five backs. Let's say you say Saquon Saan, you take Derrick Henry. Henry, you take Josh Jacobs, you take, who else was in that? Jonathan Taylor. Taylor? Yeah. Who else was in that group That, that's your top five right there. Okay. Yeah. Like it's, it's like them and then there's a huge drop off right off the cliff. Like, like what man, what the hell? No, that's, that's crazy. Just, I mean, I'm, I'm looking at some of the numbers. I'm looking at some of the numbers and like, it is the NFL, it's still good money, but for the physician and what you have to go through the wear and tear, the pounding pause.


I'm like, God, me not, You signed with the Rams. I thought he was going to the charges. I thought he was looking at the charges. Somebody talking about he just signed with the Rams one year. Who? Who? Naji Harris. Yeah. I saw that earlier before I even got here. I saw that on, on, on Twitter. He signed with the Chargers, right? One year. Okay. 9 9 4 2 5. Okay. They just got, they, they had the number. Right, but they had the wrong team. I, I look, think about it. Ocho look about how many quarterbacks moved and they're the one of the last ones to move. He a four time league. MVP. Yeah.


A Super Bowl winning quarterback that should tell him everything he needs to know. Yeah. If this is not a wake up call for Aaron Rogers, I don't know what Is. Yeah, yeah. It, Hey, it would scare me, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. It would scare me. That's a, it would scare me to the point where I'm walking on eggshells where A NFL in which I dominated for a very long time and I've had leverage for a very long time. I no, I no longer had that leverage. They, they no longer need me right now. The fact that I had an opportunity in New York and didn't get it done, and they actually let me go. I've never been on the, the losing side of things in that manner. You know what, we gonna show you the door. We good. Shoot man. The Raiders.


The Raiders say, Hey, we'll trade for Gino. Seattle says, nah, we want Sam Darnell. Yeah. I was, remember I told you Ocho? I said, I like a deal for Sam. Donna. Like what Baker Mayfield got. Yes. I'm not fitting to give, I'm not fitting to give him no 45, $50 million. About $33 million. Baker has played Willie. Well, next year Baker probably, if he plays well, like he played last year, he's probably going to, they're gonna tear that deal up and he's gonna probably get 45, 50 million. Baker has played unbelievable. And Chris Godwin turned down more money to state. He turned down. Well, he had an opportunity to go to the Patriots if I'm, if I'm read, if I'm read it correctly. But he took less money to stay in Tampa, excuse me. Play alongside Mike Evans and have Baker Mayfield as his quarterback.


Right. Got no problem with that. But this is should, like you said, Ocho, this absolutely should be a wake up coffee. Aaron Rogers. Yeah, because your resume, because see your resume, it doesn't, you didn't do that resume in Pittsburgh. You didn't do that resume. Yeah. X, Y, and Z what you did in, in Green Bay, they'll be, they'll forever remember you. But I ain't, Hey, I need you to do some of that for what you did in Green Bay. I need you to do some of that here. Yeah. And he, listen, he, hey, he had everything he needed. They gave him everything he needed. They gave him everything he wanted and he didn't get it done. He did not, he didn't get It done. I think Think he, he wanted, he wanted, he wanted Randall Le, I mean Randall Cobb, he got it wanted Aard Allen already got it.


Adams k Adams. He got it. He got it. He wanted his offensive coordinator. He got it. He got it. I mean, Nathaniel Hacker owe a lot to Aaron Rodgers because he snaked the Broncos. Pretend like yo, he was interested in knowing he wasn't going, got Nathaniel Hackett that job. And then he's like, You know what? I want Nathaniel Hackett knowing. Good way. Yeah, no, I understand. But look at it, look at the power and leverage as a quarterback that, that a quarterback has. Huh. Especially with quarterback, with the accolades and the resume that he has. There's some of the things that he can pull off, come to organization, come to an organization and they give you the keys. They gave you everything. Yes. Now only they give you everything. But look how you acted when it was time for mini camp, when it was time to be a leader of men.


The one person that the players are supposed to be able to look up to and actually count on you are completely different. You do things your own way. Not like the Tom Bradys, the Peyton Mannings or the Drew Bres. What you do, you do it your own way. Now you get another shot in Pittsburgh. And I would think the best, the the best thing for you to do. I mean, who am I to tell somebody on how to conduct the himself and to come to playing the game of football when I was ans clown myself? Well, You know, well, You know, you be an asshole, but I'm saying, don't Joe, when you go to a new team, you show up for many mini camps, no TAs. Yeah. Because you try to ingratiate yourself into that, that team structure. Because what you did, where you came from, has no bearing on what you're going to do here at, At, at all.


That's, that was my approach when I went to Baltimore, I understood what I had accomplished in Denver, but how was that gonna help me in Baltimore? No, John wasn't throwing me the ball. I wasn't in mile high. And so now I got to show people, okay, this is how the guy that came here, this is how I became who I became. Right. The way you practice, the way you do things, the attentiveness that you show, I didn't think I was, because I had Super Bowl rings and I was an all pro, yada, yada yada. Right. I didn't go in there thinking I was better than them. Right. I went in there, I humbled myself, Hey, I need to be an OTA here I am. The only thing I did say, they used to have a test ocho the conditioning test.


You had to run on a treadmill. How you did, Man, I told Friday, you remember Friday? Friday was y'all, you all had Chip and Friday too, but the roles were reversed. Right. Friday was the head chip was the assistant in Cincinnati, chip was the head, Friday was the assistant Man. They got on the thing and You know, you start off at like eight, you run on down for two minutes and they go to nine, eight down. But you gotta be up to like 20 minutes. And I'm looking at everybody and I'm thinking to myself, is this a new form of football? Because we ain't gonna be playing on no treadmill.


I said, Friday I, I'll be back. I went right upstairs and see Brian. I said, bro, what, what, what the treadmill gotta do out? Right? He's like, what's wrong? I said, bro, I run on the grass, I run on the ground. I played football on the ground. I said, bro, I can't do that. He like, oh, hey, don't worry about it. I say, I came right back down. I say, I talked to Brian Yout. No. Hey, I, I like stuff like that. I like stuff like gases, conditioning tests, stuff that actually I like, I like gas actually running ocho. I like actually running and I had just, I had just got off a hamstring injury. I had just, I had just got off a hamstring injury.


Oh, that's, That's understandable. That's understandable. That's understandable. Hell no. But let me ask you this, Ocho how do you think the pairing is going to be with Aaron Rogers and Mike Conlin? Alright. It's gonna be good. Listen. Okay. One thing about it, I guarantee you any player, no matter who you are, no matter what you done to NFL, they have respect for their young, their, their, their young bull out there. I'm talking about Young Bull. They have respect for Mike Tomlin, all of 'em, including Aaron walking in that building, going to play for that historic franchise for a coach that has been consistently good. I mean, not where they should be, but he's been consistently good and always winning year in and year out.


You coming in, You know, with respect, fact, I'm, I'm sure, and I'm I'm sure Mike to gonna give him that same respect based on who he is and what he's done. But again, like you said, it hold no weight and has no bearing on what you've done so far. You know, I'm saying you gotta update your resume every year. Huh? You do. You absolutely do. And that's what I, that's what I love about sports. This ain't no, Hey bro, you got no, you gotta update your resume every game. This is a game to game right Now. You get an opportunity to do it because this ain't no, this ain't like no regular job or Joe, where we have a year of review now. We review your stuff every week, bro. Yeah. I, I can't wait till the end of the year to make a decision. I might need to get you up outta here after week five.


After week six. After week 10. I can't be afraid to make change. Right, right. The only constant you'll ever have in life is change Whether you choose to adapt and evolve and change with it. But change is the only thing that's constant. Mm. Hopefully I hope Aaron understands that Yes, your career in Green Bay was sensational. I mean, some people might have think you based on who you are. Right. Your body of work, those MVPs, the consistency, the touchdown to interception ratio.


Some people might say, well, damn, Aaron, you left. You, you, you, you left some out there losing the Jimmy Garoppolo twice Russell Wilson in his third year. Yeah, I remember that. You lost to who else? Lost to Tom? You wanted you, you wanted home field. You said, I want the role to the Super Bowl to lead through Green Bay. And I'd be damned if you ain't let Tom, his first year in Tampa, come there and put puss in you. Yeah. Yeah. Woo. Four MVPs. You gotta, you gotta get to at least, least two to three Super Bowls Ocho. I ain't saying you gotta, you gotta get to at least two to three with four MVPs.


Ocho. Yeah, Four. Manning has the most, he had five. Manning went to three Super Bowls. I think Montana has two MVPs. Montana went to four Super Bowls. Brett Fav. Right. Went to two. Elway got one MVP. He went to five with four MVPs. You gotta be at least two Super Bowls. You got to, you got to and don't give look. And he, I mean he ain't like, he ain't have no weapons Ocho. Oh yeah, he has Jordan Nelson and Greg Jenison dog driver. He's always, Always.


So it's gonna be, it's very interesting to see. It's gonna be very, it was, it was difficult seeing him in a jazz uniform because on you, you get so custom to seeing a guy in a set uniform. I mean it's like damn. I mean now you'll probably see him in a different uniform. Maybe the Steelers, it seemed like the, the, You know, for what? Who said that sheer that a deal might Yeah, it may, may didn't report it Pro football talk saying it could be a deal to see Aaron Rodgers in a different uniform. Yeah. Mike Flo, Listen, they they need though, they need it. Even, even though it is not Aaron Rodgers of old, but the fact that okay, if we can get him somewhere just close to being a, being a little consistent, we'll be all right.


Because look what we gotta deal with already in our division. Yeah. We, we ain't seen, You know, who else got a make another splash? The Cleveland Browns. Yeah. There is no way to compete in the A FC North unless you have a quarterback because in defense you get it done. You're not gonna do dominate on defense. That can't be your identity. Not going against your borough and Lamar Jackson. No. Now Aaron, Roger being in Pittsburgh, the Cleveland Browns are gonna have to make a splash. I don't know where they're gonna go. I don't know who they're gonna get, but they don't have any choice but to make a splash. 'cause you can't rely on your defense to be able to stop these teams. No, because you got, because because here's the thing, you gotta score the NFL's about scoring. That's why they instituted the rules. Because they like scoring.


We like scoring. Yeah. Baseball, they like to see the ball go over the fence. Basketball, they like to see people, they like to see 1 27, 1 41 27. Right. They like 1 45 to 1 43. That's what we like, we've always liked scoring baseball. I mean, maybe you get a purist and he wants to see a two one basketball game. I mean, excuse me, a two one BA baseball game. Right, right, right, right. Or in soccer, but no ojo. I don't wanna see that. Excuse me in hockey. No, bro. I wanna put, hey, make it six five baseball, make it 10, 11. Not what I wanna see. See y all that other stuff. I don't care nothing about that. Right. It's being reported.


The Steelers are also signing Darius, slave Ocho. You like that boo? Ah, yeah. Yeah. SL Slave is going there, boy. Hey. Hey. What? Listen, I'm a bangle at heart, right. I'm gonna chat. Y'all stay with me real quick. Now Darius Slave is well capable of still being an elite corner in this NFL. If you watched him play last year, if you seen some of the clips that I saw still, they still got it. Guess What? What it be the test? He, because if, if, if, if, if Cincinnati bring back t Higgins, you gotta deal with t Higgins and he gotta deal with Chase and Chase. He gotta deal with Bateman and he gotta deal with the other Yeah. Za Flowers. But listen, it's a good thing. I like it.


The pairing. This is, it's a nice pair. Now might be two of the best pairings outside of Marlon Humphrey and what's fuck, ah, Nick Wigs. I like wigs too. He little slim, he little on the slim side, but he nice Joey Porter, Darius Slay. I like that. I, I really, I really like that. And I'm telling you, Chad Slay still like that. But again, You know how it go age Anu Numbers game. Yeah. You know them not well. He Just stay in Pennsylvania. He just gotta move up a little. Yeah. Yeah. It ain't itt it ain't too bad. It ain't too bad. Nah, With the Good deal. What? What's the numbers on Slate? Do we get the numbers? Oh, it one year deal. Two year deal.


I thought it was two when I saw it. I thought it was God damn Slave boy. Hey Slate be out there last year. Oh, You're right. Peyton. Manny went to four Super Bowls. Ocho. Hey Slate. Be out there like I do, bro. When I, You know when I used to play, when I used to play Corner, boy, Nah, you can't play no corner. Who can? Hey S Hey, I used to stare Sta read Break, man. Boy. How the real deal? What The Volume?


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Kira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.