
Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin? Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered, offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There are nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you. Visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris. candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Hey. there it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume


TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We. Don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for a very special edition Nightcap basketball style. Thank you guys. Please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Y'all know who I am. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite number. 85 Liberty City's own Cincinnati Bingo Ring of Fame Auto Me honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. Yeah, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. I'm gonna introduce the guy in the bottom right a little later. He is the par three. He has a podcast called Par three. He's a wine connoisseur. He's a great three point marksman in the NBA won two championships with the Cavaliers and the Lakers. Guys, make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button.


And do us a favor, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts, every subscriber matter. And we want to personally thank you for mattering and helping us matter because everything that we do is a reflection of you. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. Please go follow my media company page on all this platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. We did these cool shirts, one of our bestsellers, the Unc Unc and OCHO Nightcap edition. Our newest release dropped over the weekend. We dropped I was hell when I well shirt. I lie for you before I lie to you. Black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand to stay with me now hoodies and of course our best sellers, the Unc and OCHO ts quantities are limited.


So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. To show you our appreciation. We're giving y'all 15 an additional 15% off when you use code Halloween 15 again, you get an additional 15% off when you use code Halloween. The link is pinned at the chat now and we're upping our giveaway. We're giving 10 random people who make merch purchases between now and Halloween using code 15, Halloween 15. And you'll get a signed Nightcap hat I repeat instead of one. We're going to do 10. So 10 of these now will go to 10 random people who make merch purchases between now and Halloween using Code Halloween 15.


You all will get a signed hat. This hat went to a winner on Monday night, but fear not. We have nine more to give away and here he is. Ladies and gentlemen, we like to thank our newest contributor JR Swish. You can go follow JR on all his platforms. He has a podcast and it's called Par Par three podcast. I repeat you can follow JR on all platforms. He has a podcast called Par three podcast on all platforms. That's at par three podcast again at par three. The number podcast. Let's give JR Smith swish a round of applause.


What's happening? What's happening man? I appreciate y'all having me man. Man, man, we Bro, we pre, we appreciate this. We really appreciate you played for a long time. Obviously you understand the game. You are a very integral part on teams that went to the championship that won a championship. So it's nice to have somebody when we talk basketball, we had Gil last year. Gil did an unbelievable job and Gille from time to time. He said if we ever need him he's available. And so Gale, we really thank you for your contribution and your service last year JR is your turn up. It is your turn under fire. So we look forward to getting your expertise on a lot of different subjects when it, it involves basketball and hey we gonna talk football, we're gonna talk a whole lot of other things.


I know you are a football fan so, and golf. I Don't wanna talk football. I don't wanna talk football with y'all man. My team looking bad. We looking stank right now. I don't wanna talk football right now. Alright. Alright, let's get right into it. Who, who? The Cavaliers blow out the Lakers 1 34 to one 10 as Brody James scored his first NBA point and his dad watches from the bench. Jared Allen scored 20 points, had 17 rebounds. Evan Mobley had 24 5 points and Donovan Mitchell had 24 points. The Lakers were led by LeBron James who played only 29 minutes because the game got outta hand. Anthony Davis continued his grade play having 22 points in 13 rebounds. The Lakers were unable to cut the Cleveland lead after falling behind by 23 in the first half in the final minutes, bro grew up in the, in this arena he made a 14 foot jumper with two minutes and three seconds to play for his first NBA points.


He's only up a little over 40,000 from catching his dad swish. When you watch this game and considering how well the Lakers had played, even though they lost the other night, I think it was last night, I think last night they lost by four to Phoenix, but they won the previous three. When you look at them the first three games last night and tonight, what didn't you like about what you saw from the Lakers? I mean for me it's, it's, it's a lot about ball movement, you know, for one, I mean LeBron is what, 40 about be One? He about to be 40. Yeah, He He about 84, so no, he'll be 40 on December 30th.


Yeah. Yeah. So for me it's like at the end of the day, like seeing him lead the charge is, is concerning and it's alarming because obviously, you know, you need a, you need an extra guy, you need an extra guy or two, but to be be doing it at his age is, is is, it's incredible. But at the same time he shouldn't have to be carrying a load like that. And for me what's alarming that, that is when you look at the guys who been working out all season long, all off season, long been in the gym is like gym. This is the time, especially earlier on in the season, this is the time where you, you know, you, you start displaying so further on down the line, down the road, middle of the year, end of the year, they're like, okay, we can trust this guy.


This is, this is where he been, you know, this is where he's been excelling. For me being, being in those situations, I don't see that from their role players. The guys they brought back, like where are you getting better at? Like where, what part of the game are you evolving to where, okay, we was lacking this part this year, last year, I'm gonna be a knockdown shooter, I'm gonna be a lockdown defender, I'm gonna be somebody who getting into pick and roll and, and you know, it makes plays. I don't see that from, from this team so far. So that for me that's the, the most alarming part about it. But it is still early. Yeah, I'm watching them and into the turnovers. When you look at it, AD had the most shot he had 19, he was nine or 17, Rui was four six, LeBron was nine or 13, DLO was two or seven and Austin Reed was two or six.


Now that's two or six and two or seven is not great percentage, but they only got six shots. Swish, they only got seven shots. Ad only had 19 because you had 20 turnovers. So now you don't even give yourself an opportunity to get into an offense. You don't even give yourself an opportunity to knock down shots. Right. To get into the picket roll or to, you know what I'm saying? To run the dribble drive, to drop a dribble handoff. So when you turn the ball over, you give them easy buckets on the other end. And so now they shoot 58% from the floor, they shoot 42% from the three. Well if you allow team to shoot 58% from the floor sw you know this, if you allow a team to shoot 42% from the three, you losing that game you gonna get and you're probably gonna lose it by a Lot.


Yeah, I was about to say, you gonna get smoke, you ain't gonna lose, you gonna get, it's gonna be embarrassing but when for me it's like, you know, obviously you guy like Austin Res it's something nights you gonna have off nights and and stuff like that. But you gotta figure out a way for him to get more than six to eight shots. Like yes. If if he's gonna be the one of those, the third guy to LeBron to ad he's gotta figure out a way to get eight more, at least 10 to 12 shots. DeAngelo Russell 10 to 12 shots. I mean 24 minutes, five assists at the point guard with the players that you playing with. No disrespect to dlo, but I'm gonna need more out of that. And on the top of the, on top of that you not, you're not my primary defender on the ball.


So you gotta gimme something. So for me it's, it's, it's a lot of that and on top of that and when I sit here and look at it, they had 37 assists to the, to their 21. You ain't gonna win many games like that. Nope. Wait, you know what, I got a question. You talk about some of the players that need to take more shots. How do you know when it's okay to take those shots? Do you have the green light from the head coach? Do you have the green light from the other players to override passing the ball and B, have the willingness to shoot How much he make? How much Delo make about dlo make? About what? About 17 to 21 off the, Nothing about shots, but you talking about shots man. Oh Just let it go. So Fly You, you can, you can shoot that wheel based on your salary A hundred percent here what they gonna say.


Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. What They gonna say? Well when, hey look, when they ain't throw you the ball you was, he was by yourself or just man on man what you was looking. Hey bro, ain't no man over the top. Ain't nobody over the top help it gimme the ball. Right, right. This is prime time. So for me when I look at it, honestly, like when I look at guys like Dlo Reeves and you going in that third, fourth option, Ruy Ruy you, I mean Ruy for for sure, I think Ruy is a lot. He's, he's underrated for me because what he does is disguised by how good LeBron is because when you look at his size, he can guard all positions. He can shoot the ball, he can put the ball on the floor, create a play he can defend, obviously rebound.


Like he's, he's, he's in the tough situation because he's playing with a guy like LeBron. So that's the same thing with like, kinda like Jeff Green fell in that era with us when he was, we was at Cleveland, he's in the same similar situation. So LeBron is going to, they're gonna cater to LeBron when he is on the floor. So it doesn't really do him justice when they play him together. Yeah. You know ad and LeBron's gonna get the bulk of the shots. You know that now Les what you guys are feeling it, we saw early in the season, officer Reeds feeling it so he's gonna get 15 to 18 shots. dlo, he gets hot one night. Okay, now that might creep up to 20 shots in the give a night. But you know, LeBron, LeBron and AD are gonna get the bulk of the shots.


But I think a lot of this had to do with, because they were getting blowed out swished, they only played 28, 24, 29, 31 minutes. It's hard to get those kind of shots. And that's find that small amount of time. Yeah. Now if they play their normal minutes, maybe they can get up a few more shots, but when you turn the ball over, everybody's shots are coming down because you don't even get an opportunity to put the ball up because you've turned it over and as you mentioned they had 37 assists. So that's telling me great ball movement. Right. It's also telling me y'all turn the ball over, they get some cheap assists off that. Oh a hundred percent. And you look at the rebounds 37 to 36, the Lakers actually win the rebound game.


Yeah. And they still get smoked. So for me it is, it, it is a like obviously it's the turn, it's turnovers for sure. 'cause I was a big fan of, especially in transition, people hate to transition three early threes. I'm taking the early good look opposed to me swinging around the horn and we turn this joint over and now I gotta turn into track star going on the other end. Right. I'm gonna put this up. I feel like I got a better percentage of making this opposed to us turning the ball over and then we gotta get a a stop on the other side. Right. What about a situation like this wish where guys will try early on trying to say I'm so unselfish and you overpass the ball and you end up turning it over. Like you said, you are like, okay, I got a good look in transition, I'm gonna let it rip.


As opposed to oh, hot potato, hot potato. Next thing you know the ball's going out of bounds. You're like, come on man, go ahead take that shot. Yeah, it's, it, it, you know, it's tough when, when you, you come into situations, like when I first got to Cleveland, we used to run into that a lot 'cause it got Kyrie at the point, me at the two we got LeBron K Love and obviously Tristan setting the screens and Rose and Ozzie, but we would look around the horn. It's like we got like, listen, I got a good shot but he got a great shot so let me kick it to him. And you know, guys just operating so fast you wanna be unselfish. But at the same time it's like if I don't take this shot, then he's not going to be open when we need it to be open. So for me, a lot of those times it's like I want be unselfish, but at the same time I gotta be selfish for the team because it's gonna help us out in the long run.


So as you watch bro grow up, spend a lot of years with LeBron in Cleveland and see Bronny go from a seven, eight, 9-year-old to not here he is in the NBA, what do you, what is, what is this moment? What do you think this moment means for LeBron? Oh man. I mean I can, I can only imagine like to be able to, I just had my first son, he's seven weeks. So for me thinking about Good man, Appreciate you, appreciate y'all man. Well you know, we saw that, right? I mean I'm sure you did. I'm sure you did. We we gonna leave that swish, we gonna leave that alone. But I'm just saying, I just want you to know we saw that, Hey man, hey, You know what?


I heard you. I ain't seen you, but I heard you. Okay, there you go. Swish. It's too soon. Swish. You know what, as a matter of fact we about on the same timeline, it's about, you know what, that's why, that's why I left the headline so quick because you pushed me out. You like get your outta headline. Hey, Straight up. Yeah. This moment for LeBron and even the city of Cleveland to see LeBron come back and bring Junior with it. Yeah, man. I mean honestly LeBron is such a, you know, you hear about so many different kids and so many different situations who are like, you know, their parents are stars and they arrogant and they're cocky and it's, and they feel like they just, you know, the world is supposed to be their oyster and Bronny is the complete opposite man.


It's like, it is a very humbling feeling to see him in the situation that he's, he's in and he's very, he's very, he's very grateful for the opportunity, you know, to live out his dreams as a kid. That's, that's one of the very, very rare, you know, few things that fortunately us three have been able to do, but like to actually live it out and, and to have your pops there with you to show you, to really show you the ropes, it's, it's, it's very, it's inspiring man. Like, I, I really look at it and, and think of like, this is something I would definitely want to give my my kid one day. If I can give him the keys to, if you can give the keys to the Chevy to your son, like what's different than giving 'em the keys to the business or giving the keys to the game.


Like just, and just letting them take it for, you know, what they want it to be. And regardless of the shoes that we feel, 'cause obviously Brian is LeBron and goes down this, the goat and everything else in comparison's gonna be there, be there, whatever. But to actually be able to live out your dream is something that very few people get to do. So I just hope he's, he's in a, a place to where he can actually absorb it and be happy and be satisfied with it. Mm. I don't, Hey, and, and Jay, I don't think people understand how dope this situation is, this scenario as, as a father, as a father myself and I, I'm just imagining being able to play long enough in the NFL, which is hypothetically as damn near impossible.


And to be able to play long enough for your son to join you. Just that feeling and, and, and knowing all the work, you know, bro and LeBron to put over the years and how it's paid off, not only is paid off, but he's now, he has the opportunity to share the court and the sport in which they love and a grown up plan all their life. And then to share it on the same team at that, that is, it's dope in itself. And I really can't really put it into words how awesome it is. A lot of people have been critical of it obviously saying, you know, the whole favoritism. And he only got he only, he's only there because of his father. Well, hell goddamn. Yeah. Well, shit, you supposed to take advantage of those opportunities when you have, you know, the, the, the cache and, and you have the power that LeBron does to be able to, to, to bring your son on with you and allow him to live out a dream, you know, to play at the, at the highest level.


To, to me it's, it's, it's, damn, it's, it's unreal. It's unreal and it is dope. It's moti, it's motivating, it's inspiring and I just wish, I wish I could have done something like that. Obviously I can. So I'm gonna live vicariously to them and that, that, that shit. That's pretty much it, man. That, that's really, really dope man. Man. So you aint seen That in football. You ain't gonna see that in football Jr. Unless somebody have a kid while they're in high school. No, For Real. And they can play a and they can play, I mean, I got a couple because Quarterback, I mean you guys, because think about it. Tom Brady played 23 seasons, right? His son is probably a sophomore junior in high school. Yeah. So he would've had to have that kid at 15, 16.


So therefore by the time he's 32, Tom's got another 11 years. So by the time now all of a sudden that's a realistic possibility. Now, you know, there might be somebody at the plot like, Hmm, I go ahead and drop this one right here. You know, because that's what it's gonna take. Ojo. You can't, I mean, LeBron had a kid at 20 wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin. Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There are nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you.


Visit hud.gov/make home the goal. President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she Was black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President had a kid at at 20.


Right. Even if you have a kid at 20 in the, in the NFL, bro, what's the likelihood you played another 20 seasons? Not good unless you're a quarterback and you really, really, really, really, really damn good. Yeah. And now your son, because the difference is NFL players don't have the kinda leverage that an NBA player has. Right. Especially a superstar like a LeBron because the positions are so valuable. So it's gonna, like I said, I think Gordy Howell, I think he might have played with his sons back in the, you know, but the likelihood of you saying that in the NFL, but it's a unbelievable I I agree with you Ocho It is, it is.


I mean, if my kids wanted to do this, they could have an opportunity, but if they don't cut it, I'm gonna fire their ass. Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. Time out. Come on man. Time out. Time out. Time out. What you, your kids Would I, No, like serious. All jokes aside, would you fire your kids? Yeah. Wait, wait. So would you fire 'em or like reposition them in a different department? I would reposition them and get them another job with another company. Yeah, but I, I think the thing is with, but here's the thing, I wouldn't have to fire my kids because the job that they're gonna do, I know they'll be able to do it. I'm not gonna ask them to do CJ's job.


Who's the EP club? Sheha? I'm not gonna ask them to do Ashe's job or something like that. A editor or graphics. That's not what they're good at. You're not gonna No, I can find a, I can find a job where they can be good at that, but it's, you know, I'm, I'm a demanding boss and they're my kid. Ash shaking ash don't do that. But we, I mean, look, I think I owe them that to give them an opportunity if they wanted to do this. But my, my son didn't wanna play football. He's like, it was too much because he drop a pass and they tell him, well your dad would've caught that. I know your uncle would've caught it. Well you ain't got speed like your dad.


He didn't anyone hear that man let the mc road. He 13. He 12. He 11. What you mean? It's crazy to me because like, we, like again, and it, and it happens to us a lot in our community where, you know, we, we throw shade on stuff like that. But when I really look back at it, look back on it, like my owner in, in Denver for the Denver Nuggets, like our owner Stan Croy at the time, like he couldn't own a certain amount of sports team, so he gave it to his son. Right. Josh, Josh run the team. Josh own the team now and everything else. And Stan runs, owns the Rams and like nobody a saying nothing avalanche like Manchester.


He got a hockey, he got a Yeah, he, yep, he got a hot, he got a soccer team. Yeah. Like nobody, but nobody said nothing. Nobody was like, it wasn't like, oh he gave like his son isn't qualified, this and that. It was just like, oh no. Huh. Hold. And then They've been passing businesses down for hundreds of years, JR Yeah. And they don't, and they don't bat I, it's us somehow feel that we shouldn't do that. Oh it's nepotism. I, if that's the whole part of being in position. So I can do something for, it's the first time that I'm in position that I can actually hire this mofo. That's mine. He gonna get hired. Well what can he do? Whatever I want, whatever I want him to do. If he just come in and just loaf and he don't have to do that till noon.


Whatever he wants to do or she wants to do, they can do that. Because guess what? It's my issue. Yeah. So I've always wanted, I didn't know if I've ever would be in a position to do that, but they, they, hey, oh, he's going to take over. Look at, okay, look at Jerry Jones, his sons, his son and his daughters sky burner. Jerry Ju Jerry Jr. And what's the, what's the other name that look just like Jerry? Steven, Steven the Stein burner. Hank and Hal. What, what, what do they do besides me getting hit the lottery? Oh, my daddy is Jo, Mr. George Steinbrenner. My daddy is Jerry Jones, X, y, and Z.


So my kids should have the same thing. They hit the lottery last day, they daddy Shannon Sharpe. Hundred percent. So if my kids want to come, well my daughter's gonna come in January. I'm telling y'all my daughter's putting in a, her two month notice. She put in a two month notice. So she come, she gonna be a a, an employee. Now I don't know if she's gonna relocate 'cause she loves the A but yeah, that's the whole point. I mean, we shouldn't feel bad somehow we've been made to feel bad if we help someone, a family member or someone in our community. I ain't feeling bad about ish. Nothing. Nothing. So lemme ask you this. How does, how does that feel being able to like being, being a parent and being able to put your, your, your, your child in a situation to where they can excel, not only Excel but learn on their own time and like really take it, you know, take it as far as they wanna take it.


But Plus I wanna see, I wanna see Jr if this is something that they want own or am I gonna have to get off of it? Right? Because I don't want them to feel obligated because this is daddy's business. They feel this is not their passion. It's just like my son, my passion was to go play in the NFL. That wasn't his right. So I wasn't gonna force my passion on him. I still won't force my passion on my kids guys, is this something that you wanna do? Do you feel you have the wherewithal? Do you wanna put the time, energy, and effort in it to do this for the next 20, 30 years and then say, daddy, you know, we appreciate it but this is not what we, that's not what I want to do.


So I don't want them to feel obligated to do it. But Jr to answer your question, it feels great. It feels great that I can really help my kids. I can help my family and to give my daughter my daddy. My daughter's like, well daddy, how much I'm gonna make? I said, well, how much you think you gonna be worth? I said, straight up, don't be, Hey, don't be coming here talking about no quarter of a million dollars on an entry level job. Mm. I said, but I'll make it worth your while. I want you to feel that you can, you can earn a decent money, right? You can put some money away, but you don't have to look because I don't want you crying pull me talking about, well daddy, you ain't paying me enough so I'm gonna, I'm gonna pay you enough where you can earn a decent sal you earn a decent salary, but you can still live.


Yeah. Yeah. I read an article on the Minnesota twins where they was, you know, the, the family ended up just selling it. But there's like the great-grandfather had passed it down throughout time and you know, the grand great grandkids or grandkids, they don't wanna run it or run a team, a sports team or whatever. But you just inherited like, you know, a couple billion. Yeah. So for me it's just like, you know, it's all in obviously if they're around it and if, if they, if, if this is something they graduate to like my son, like I want 'em to, like, as much as I love football and I grew up playing football, I'm want him to play golf more than I want him to play football. Absolutely. Like me personally, like, I like, that's just something that I, I hope he just graduates to and, and takes to now that not, not necessarily say he does, but just at least give him the tools.


So that's why I look at it like in business when, when they passing it down to their kids and whatever else, it's like, it's not only just that business, this is, this is life. They teaching them life skills. Like, look, this is how you flip something. This is how you make X, y and z. Or, or quantify your dollar 10 x your dollar by doing XY and work regardless if you want to sell baseball cards, whether you wanna sell seats at the arena or whatever, you selling wine, whatever it is. But I feel like it is just something that just goes unsold and untold in our, in our, you know, in our culture. Yeah, because I was talking to have a conversation with Mark Cuban and he said that's one of the reasons that he sold his team. He's like, you know, my kids do I want the burden.


Do I want the burden them? And they don't want to do this and just feel out an obligation. They gotta run a team. That's what I wanna do. I wanna own a, a pro a professional franchise that's not, maybe that's not what they want to do. Right. And I don't wanna feel like they're obligated to have to do it. Now, you know, Jerry's kid, that's what they wanna do. All of them jumped into the family business and long after Jerry's gone, hopefully that's no time soon. Steven and Jerry, junior and Charlotte, they're gonna run it. And the grandkids, they're in the business, they're probably gonna run it, but everybody doesn't, doesn't look at it like that. OCHO and, and swish. And they're like, you know what? And if you don't, if you don't have the passion to do it, let it go before it starts to dwindle down and not be what your, your, your grandfather or your father or your great-great-grandfather passed down to you just let it go before it, it it starts to dissipate.


Hey Cinco, you gonna let one of the kids run one of the McDonald's? Yeah. Yeah. It depends that, you know what, McDonald's might not be their passion. My kids a bougie, my kids a bougie. So I don't think that's something that they would wanna do. It's okay. No, no, not work it. I'm saying run it, just manage it. Make sure the money coming in you go have a couple meetings They take, just to be honest, they, they wouldn't even do it. They, they wouldn't even do it. That's that's, that's not even a passion of theirs and probably something that they wouldn't even wanna do. Mm. Or take the responsibility on. Yeah. See that's the thing. It's the responsibility of every single day. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta, you know, at some point in time I'm talking to Ash about something, I'm talking to CJ about something and constantly thinking, okay, how do I get to better?


Okay Ash, what can we do? Okay, what graphics can we run? What, what segments can we, what can segments can we build? Okay. CJ how do we make club? She, how do we be cutting edge? You know, a couple of situations where we had a performer, somebody that would come in and sing and then, then we have a guest. And so that's, we're always, we're always thinking about. But I, like I said, my, that that's not where, that's not where my kids are. My kids like, my kids like collecting a check. They like being talent. I no, no, there's nothing wrong with that. Some people like that. No responsibility. I know I'm gonna make X, y, and Z Right. And then I'm cool with that.


I dunno, I might make something one week I might make something totally different, but I'm willing to bank on me. A lot of people are not willing to bank on themselves. Some people will work their ass off to make somebody else rich but won't work their ass off to make themselves rich. Now explain that Ocho Yeah. Somebody will go sit their ass on somebody else's job for 20, 30 years and make that person and pay off their Airbnb and their timeshare and help them get a lot and a, a loft in a private jet. But you won't do that for you. Yeah. But you, you have to understand, you think about you have to have a fucking passion for whatever it is that you're doing to actually wanna run it.


The discipline to actually wanna run it. The discipline to actually wanna take on the responsibilities that come with actually owning something. It ain't, it ain't easy. It's very hard if you think about all these entrepreneurs, huh? All these entrepreneurs have all these great ideas and they always, they always crash out and burn because they expect instant success. Right. Nothing happens overnight. True. It's a long, it's a long tedious process that many people don't have the discipline for, which is why they go work for somebody else because it's instant check. But you had the discipline to get your ass up every day for 20 years and 30 years and go on that man job. Yeah. Yeah. So I, hundred Percent I discipline is discipline.


If you gotta get up knowing that I gotta be on this man on Mr. Charlie job at 7 30, 8 30, 9 o'clock Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Right. You can't do that for you. Yeah. But it's also fear. It's fear of failure. Fear. That's what it's accountability on yourself. Because at the end of the day when you like, well you putting and people don't realize this, like when you trying to make it, you putting everything into that. Yeah. You Got to you like and very like, you know, we know as, as athletes 'cause we put everything into it when we trying to like true do family go by the side, the the clothes women like everything dropped dropped by the wayside 'cause this kind, this one goal gotta be achieved.


And a lot of people don't understand that 'cause they didn't for one didn't play team sports. Yeah. Just a selfish individual and just unless like call it what it is, a lot of negative people out there who negative towards themselves, let alone other people. Yeah. So they don't be have that belief system in themselves that they can even do it, let alone that somebody else who look like me who live next door that can make it. Yeah. Because that, because a lot of times people will project well if I can't do it, I'm gonna tell Ocho he can't do it. I'm gonna tell that man you know Goodwill, you can't do that. No you can't do it. Right. Don't, don't don't project on me talking about what I can't do. And then sometimes when you have start to have success, people sometimes Ocho swish the only success people to take taste if they take a bite outta you.


Yep. Man, I had, I had a coach in Denver, I don't wanna cut you off. I had a coach in Denver told me I would never be a championship. I would never start on a championship team. Ain't nobody told you that, but old baldhead George car. I swear ain't nobody, you'll never start on a championship team. I'm sitting here like damn like, like I am I that selfish like am I that like damn is it always all about me and I'm sitting here like looking at this. Did you send him a picture of your ring? Nah, I should have sent them two because I got two of them things. So I shoulda have sent them two of them. For real. Lemme ask you a question Jr. When, when he said that. Because think about it, Jr. You playing for this man, how can I go invest, put everything I got into it, get up in the morning and deny my family and be where I'm supposed to be, lift these weights and here I got a man that I'm supposed to be playing for and he's telling me what I can't do.


Yeah. Hey but hey, before you answer Jay, the whole thought process anyway, even once you get to the highest level Unc, you ain't playing for him No way. No you ain't. What? What, what is they? What if your coach, what if, hold on Mike Zimmer. What if Mike Zimmer, Marvin Lewis telling you Ocho, we ain't gonna never win with you at start Receiver. Hey but listen, hey listen, you know what? I ain't paying that no mind who writing that check? What name is on the back of that jersey? That's This How 58? How them 50 11 kids finna eat? I'm gonna do what I need to do. I am not playing for you but I'm I'm just saying I, my my, my mentality on it Yeah. Might be a little different.


Yes, George Carl was his coach but hell I'm playing for that goddamn for one. That money I'm making to keep it coming because if I don't play up the par the way I should be playing, I'm gonna be out the door anyway. I'm gonna want to, I'm gonna wanna leave because at the end of the day you say that I'm not playing but that's the head coach and I am playing for him 'cause he's coach. So I'm gonna wanna go play, I wanna go play for somebody else. Okay? I wanna, I wanna go for play for somebody that believe that we can win and I'm a and I'm an asset right to that winning. Okay for you to tell me that. Look we not gonna, we not gonna be a championship team because you own it because you starting ocho. They telling you man we can't win no championship with you Ocho not with your selfish as Straight Up.


Remember remember what two said, how Brian Flores told him Yeah he ain't playing for Brian Flores but every day you suck. I didn't want you beat you down. Hey that's what that you just Like a parent, a parent that you, we've heard stories of ki parents tell their kid you never gonna mount it. Now you saw the movie Precious, you saw it every day. You ain't ish. Yeah you ain't gonna ever be ish. You just like this one. You just like your daddy, you just like your mama After a while it does have an impact on you. It takes a very, very, very few people have been able to overcome that. To hear that negativity on a daily basis, on a constant and like, you know what, I'm gonna be able to push through it because it's just like we said, don't you, you got 80,000 fans, only 1000 of them for the opposing team.


Right. But you hear those boos don't you? For sure. A thousand boos can drown out 80,000 applause. Mm. I know what it is about the negativity. That so true in our ear, in our inner circle. Right? Think about the comments Ocho. You get 50 somebody ocho your, that's just the way, take this out Pat be JJ Reddick would've been fired if they started O and three. Patrick Beverly said if the Lakers would've started Oing three, everybody would've been yelling fire JJ Reddit now top four seed in the west.


Mark it, market it now. I don't think they fired him after O three. They not Got Come on Now. They ain't doing that. No they ain't doing that. Naht nigga give the game a five year deal. It's funny because theyll fire a fucking championship coach. It go oh three. Oh fuck for sure. Yeah, but you just signed. Nah, they ain't firing. Nah, they gonna get, they gonna get well hey Huh? He signed four years. Well they got Adrian Griffith ass up outta there after 23 and nine. After 29 and 13 after 42 games. The man 29 and 13 swish. Yeah, that's a different situation though. Giannis ain't sign off on that.


Yo Giannis, Giannis did. Giannis had to sign up. You think let the man go without Giannis? Yeah, Yeah. No, no, I'm sitting they they hired her without Gianni's permission. Oh, oh okay, okay. He wasn't, That's only, yeah, he wasn't the like, you know what I'm saying, like nah, Gianni is over there quickly. Nah, And when I think about it, even if they did start oh three, half start oh 5, 0 6 0 6, hell, I think LeBron would have to sign off on him letting JJ Red go anyway. Nah, he ain't JJ Redick ain't, ain't ain't going. No, I'm just saying Hypothe hypothetically speaking, let know what what Pat said man, that, that that ain't happen regardless. Ain't gotta go, it gotta go across his desk. That that I tell you that. I tell you that. I bet you won't make him move when I go across two, three desks.


I bet you that. Yeah. Yeah. It's, but I like, you know what Swish and like I said, I saw the first game who they play, they played the sons the second game and they fell down by 22. That was a game last year. They down 22, the start is gonna be out like midway through the third because it's gonna be 42. Yeah. And I'm not, look, it just seems like to me, even though they locked tonight notwithstanding, it seems like there's a lot less looking around like who's supposed to be, where, who's supposed to be doing what. It seems like there's a lot more accountability and maybe, maybe they just need to hear a new voice in the ear sometimes swish. That's what you need.


But it just seems like the atmosphere, the ambiance around this team is different. Do you see that as a, as a former NBA player from the outside looking in? Or am I, are we reading too much into it? No, You could definitely, I mean you could definitely tell as a player and as a, I mean we was, we had the number one team in the east and we fired our head coach and the T took over and even just the chemistry and like the atmosphere and the vibe just changed. And I love David Black. David Black was amazing to me. Like he, he was one of the fir few coaches that I had who really gave me an opportunity to go rock as long as I play defense. He said, you can shoot any shot you want, you can do whatever crazy play you want, whatever, whatever.


But as long as you play defense to lock in, you can do whatever. So I rock with black. But when he left just because of like the, the chemistry around the team wasn't where it needed to be. And I give David Griffin a lot of, a lot of credit for this. 'cause he seen that and he made the change right before, like right, it was right after Allstar I think. Yeah. And we was again, first team in the east, like, but you can tell when some certain things is off and it's literally just that fast. It's a switch like that and the vibration is completely different. Everybody, like you saying, everybody know where they supposed to be. There's very little confusion. If something does mess up, you know exactly where it was at.


It, it'd be so crisp to where fans can literally pick it out and they can be right. I've been, I've been to a lot of, I've been around a lot of fans and they think they know the game and it'd just be like, nah bro, we was actually in drop coverage and it, it, it looked like this when we stunting. But when you all are on one accord and then that one string is outta place, you know exactly where it was at. So even when you watch film, it's just, it's so easy to where your accountability goes higher as a player because your team, you know where you're supposed to be at. And for a team like that, especially for the, for the Lakers, because even when I watched the Minnesota game and I didn't think Minnesota was gonna be the same with the trade, but you could see the movement and the cohesiveness of the team and, and the, and obviously it's the first game, the seasons and it's cutting and every or everybody got energy.


But you can tell a team who has chemistry and a te a team who doesn't like the Knicks you seen when the Knicks got blown out by Boston. Now granted Boston's a championship team and they look really good, but the chemistry is just, people are just in the right spots at the right times on, on key and on on point. And it's hard to gain that. But with the Lakers or a guy who's played, guy who knows the game, I think, I think JJ is going to be a good situation. The only part for me, what I will, what I will say I kind of got pissed at the hiring situation because he's never coached before. Yeah. And they made Chauncey Billups who's now a hall of Famer go coach for some years before he just gave him a head coaching job.


Yeah. So, but from that standpoint, but I obviously, I feel like JJ know the game got great basketball pedigree, but it is just, it's, I think they, I think they in the, I think they, they could be in the run for the West though, honestly they could, they could be top three teams in the west for sure. I agree. But they're gonna need a consistent look, I already know what I'm gonna get from bro. I know what I'm gonna get from ad who's gonna be our consistent third guy. Is it gonna be Rui, is it gonna be ar, is it gonna be dlo? I'm tend, I tend to lean towards AR because I've seen him over the course of last year. He was the most consistent of, of those, of the three. But when you talk about Rui, dlo and, and, and ar offensive, who you like, who you think is the best third option?


I think honestly I think Ru's the best third option. But when you look at, for me, when I look at third option, I don't necessarily look at third option as, as necessarily a score. I think that a lot of times, even in our rotations, like double T was easily the fourth. I was the fifth option. Double T was the fourth option on hitting him on rows lives and stuff like that. So for me on on top of that, what he brought on the defensive side. So for me, I think Roy could be that glue guy. Like a, like a lo was for, you know, the, the past Lakers to where he can guard multiple OSI multiple positions. It's almost like a plus minus game he's going have, to me, he'll have a higher plus minus than the majority of the duos because he, when he's out there, he's covering so much space.


Okay. So you don't look at a guy that necessarily say, okay, the third option, he needs to be a score. Yeah, he probably the third guy needs to be able to do a lot of different things. Score, rebound, assist, Defend. Yeah, you gotta be a Swiss Army knife. That's that, that's what I feel like a lot of the teams are missing because when you necessarily go to like a quote unquote third option has to be like a six man, like a me, Lou will, Jamal Crawford teams playing around that. But when you, when you a 6, 8, 6, 7 can start the offense can drop, make passes, hit a open shot, get stops, you know, dive on a loose ball, get a couple extra possessions out of there, offense rebound here or there.


That changes the game more than anything. Switch. When you, when you, when you first got to Cleveland, what was your, what was your initial thoughts? Obviously you knew LeBron, you had played against LeBron before you knew what he was. So how did you, how did you find a way to fit in immediately? Did he say, Hey, hey, I'm gonna hit you, you know, did you talk about I like to pass here, I like the ball there, X, Y, and Z. So how did y'all, how did y'all get that thing together? Because that was a, a a, a mid-season trade that and you guys took off. Yeah, it was crazy because we, we got traded, we was in Memphis, me and Sean, I remember like we, Sean was in the locker room.


This is the first time he was, he got traded and he was kind of like distraught. And at first like, it, it, it, it kind of, I'm not gonna lie, it messed me up. 'cause mellow's my dude, like, that's my, like, that's my guy. And when initial happened, I'm like, damn bro. Like, like, you know, I holler at you, like on, on like that type of vibe. But then I started thinking about it and I, I started walking out to the arena and I was pissed. Like, damn, my family was, you know, I'm from Jersey, everybody with the Knicks and I started looking at 'em like, damn, we just went to Cleveland. I started thinking like, Kyrie LeBron Kev, shit, we about to win the chip.


Man. Look, I, I swear, I swear to right hand to the mail. All five of 'em are, I was sitting, we was sitting in the hotel lobby, right? The, it was like the Hilton right there, right across the street from the arena sitting in the hotel lobby drinking. We had a private flight to go to Cleveland. The next day I'm sitting there with Sean and Sean was over there like, damn Joe, you got that Chicago talk. Damn Joe. They, they don't believe in this Joe. They don't believe in us. I said, man, listen, I don't know what you talking about bro, but pipe that shit down. We gotta go win a chip. Straight up. He, he looked at me like, man, what you saying shorty? I said, bro, we about to go win a chip. Just relax, just be cool and just let, just let it happen, man.


We get there. First game we play, we play in Cleveland. The next game we, we go on the road, we play like Golden State, Sacramento, whatever. And LeBron comes back like the third game, the first couple games. Well, him and Kai wasn't back. Our wasn't back yet when we first get there, but like the fourth, fifth game, they get back. We on the road one night, we out drinking and shit and something just grabbed me by my shoulder like, bro, you was right. We doing this, we doing that. I'm telling you, we outta here baby. We went from the last place to first place. Man, you tripping. Get your act together, bro. Let's go.


Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin? Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered, offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There are nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you, visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read Where he was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


after the unveiling of his own statute, Dwayne Wade didn't shy away from suggesting that current star deserved the honor. Next d Wade believes next players to be immortalized with statues, LeBron, Steph, and kd. When you saw d Wade's statue swish, what was the first thing that went through your mind? Who signed off? Who signed off on this? Like for real, man, because we've been seeing Ronaldo, we've been seeing so many different statues. Like I'm at this point, I wanna know who's signing off on this. I don't even disrespect the co joint, but like, Cove don't even look like cold to me.


I'm sitting here looking at these joints like man, who's doing these? But I mean, it's a, it's a tremendous honor. It'd be interesting where they, to see where they put kds at, but yeah, I don't, I don't think it look like, Well he can't be anywhere but can't but, but a, a, a golden state of OKCI think it's gonna be See, ain't doing it. No, that's what I'm saying. So it's gotta be Golden State. Yeah, I don't see it though. What damn, where he gonna put the statue at? I don't think he gets one though, to be honest with you. No disrespect to him 'cause he's a Hellified player, but like, you gotta look like, and the same thing that goes for Mellow. Like you, you look at it like he played with, he's in Golden State four years.


Yes. Four. How many years has he been in the league? No, he is in there three years. He won the championship twice and then he tore his Achilles and he left Three years. How many years has he been in the league? This is what, 16, 17. 18. 18 years. Like 18. How could he get a statue in three years? They better put a Scottie Pi statue out there in Chicago. I know that. If they're gonna do that. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, matter of fact, speak, speaking of Scottie pt, I'm glad you mentioned that. I mean, he's not underrated, but I'm, I'm thinking, you know, I want to ask you, who are some underrated players that you think don't get the credit they deserve, but should actually have a statue based on their contribution?


Brandon Roy for sure. I think. Yeah, T Mac and, and Houston. Oh, T Mac. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's A good one for T Mac. Gotta have one though. ai. Well, AI got one. Well Jannis gonna have one in Milwaukee. Yeah, he for sure. Well if he got one then they need to put one for my man Kareem too. What? Yeah, That, I mean But Kareem ain't underrated though. He not underrated, but, But he should have a statue. He got three MVPs win the two finals and one finals mvp. Right. I mean, he's the most winningest player of all time. Yeah. Ain't nobody close to that.


Ain't nobody gonna ever do what he did. Lost two games in high school, one game in college. I mean, Ain't nobody would've liked that no more under win the 10 NBA six MVPs, six chips. Nobody would've like Kareem, I would like to see a PE statue in, in New York, honestly. Patrick Young You think? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Big Pat. Oh by the way, if we gonna say my bad, my business is totally disrespectful and I'm so sorry, I, I take my, take my hat off. If we gonna give him Tmac one, we gotta give a Quin one. Oh yeah, my bad.


Elijah gotta get a statue. My bad. If you gonna get what it used to. Oh hell yeah. My Bad, my bad and age two. My bad, my bad dream. Yeah, that was on me. Oh, Timmy d gotta have one. Oh yeah, well absolutely. Wait Who? Tim Duncan. Tim Duncan. Oh, oh, Okay, okay. Yeah. Tim Duncan Kg. That's Givens. I think Chauncey gets one in Detroit. You Gonna put, you gonna put where you putting KG at? In Minnesota? Minnesota for sure. I don't consider, I mean he won a championship in Boston. I don't consider Kg a Celtic. Yeah, I no disrespect, I don't consider him a Celtic though. He oh, oh. I played against a, the Minnesota ticket that, that was in 2004.


Oh my God. I never, I've never been intimidated of another man on the court until I played against him, bro. I was just literally like, yo, is he always like this is he really? And I had a teammate Lee Nala, man, my man Lee is real deal. He is like man that's fake man. He ain't, he ain't on none of that. And I literally like see him get into it and then I see how Lee did it and I was just like, okay, okay, okay. I see, I see what's going on. Okay, I see you. You had me though. You had me fool. You had me fool for sure. I was buying them wolf tickets for sure.


Yeah, but y'all, I mean now you can't fight like they now they used to fight in the NBA before you got there Swish back in the eighties. No, When I was there they fought Man, man Rod Roger swung on me a couple times in practice bro. I was dodging them shit like the matrix. No, I'm talking about in the game. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, they don't fight in practice no more. Like they used to swish. What? No, no way. No way. They not fighting like nah, nah, nah, nah bro. No lie. Like when I came into training camp my rookie year, I seen like four fights the first week and I was just like these grown men, I'm 18, these 34, 35, 36 years old throwing haymakers like real live throne.


I'm sitting there like, what the fuck is going on? Damn. Either it was either by money or women. No, this is In practice. In Practice. This is, this is practice. What? Damn is that physical? Oh yeah, for sure. Especially, I mean I say, I say that be, I mean I say it and I sound, I sound like one of 'em hating ass dudes. But like in oh 4, 0 6, 0 7 like, bro do you like, this is like back in the day where like niggas was really knocking your shoulder off like forearm shi, you walk across that lane like I played against o like you run across the lane when you just like on some lollygagging cutting through.


We you can get your teeth knocked out like oh no. But Oak was about that for real though. Swish Oak was like that. For real though. No, He's to this day not was to this day. Yeah. See I know, I know Oak 30 years now Oak and I used to hang so I know Oak, he bought that For real right now I was, man Oak is, I was in The Bahamas with Oak right now. I'm like man, chill like bro, like He killed a little bit. I, I tried to and look, I like, oh come on now you and I both, we done got old now. Hey look Here. That didn't show us. Somebody can Have somebody had their weight with us now. I mean Oh they shoulda have got us when we back 20 years ago.


Yeah. Then we coulda held our own against two or three of them but not now. Man shit, I'm taking y'all two in. It gets three, four. Hey, all he needed was you or the garden. I'm telling you. Y'all would've cleared house. Yeah I would. I would've let, I wouldn't let him jam a boy up like that. Now come on now. Just ask him to leave y'all. Y'all ain't gotta have like six cell. Yeah. Yeah. You ain't gotta grab our bed up there like that man. You don't don't like people touching him. Come on. No. Hell no. And don't walk up behind him because he gonna swing on you. No, for Real. I'm surprised he didn't swing on him because But if he hadn't have been in the garden he would have no A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Joe Missoula made an appearance on a Boston radio and was asked what he would change about the NBA Missoula elaborated on why the NBA should institute power plays after foul.


Forcing the offending team to play a man down for the length of the time as an hockey or he also wants to bring back fighting. The biggest thing that we rob people of is entertainment standpoint is that you can't fight anymore. I wish we bring back fighting. What's a little entertaining? What's more entertaining than a little scuffle? How come in baseball they're allowed to clear the benches. How come in hockey they're allowed to fight? I don't understand. I just don't get why some sports are allowed to clear the benches have bass and weapons in their base baseball. But we don't have, we don't have a ball. The other sport hockey is one of the hardest playing surf in the puck and the stick and you know yet you're not allowed to throw down. Throw down a little bit.


Come On Joe. I like it. You don't like it? I like it. Make it Make, yeah because he a coach. Make make basketball, make basketball great again. You know was I wanna see the coaches And you listen, you'll think twice before you coming through the lane trying to be all pretty. Nah, I'm make it like, you know what a switch like in hockey, like the goalies go bump. Okay, coaches, y'all got the bump too. Let's see how he like, let's see how he like that since he like fighting. Let's see if he really like the pump. Yeah. Oh for sure, for sure. I wanna see it. I you my, that's my only thing man. You talking about it. You better be about that action. Somebody over there get lumped up and you start playing over there. Sitting over there.


That's the, he can't play the second half Until somebody put a patch over Jason Tatum mile Jalen Brown out and say close for the weekend. And now you talking about well you see what happened, what happened? You say you wanted to see fighting? Yeah. Yeah. As long as it's the 12th or 13th guy getting lumped out. What if it's one of your first five, right? What if I put it in one of one of those hitters who just, that's what his plan is. Yeah. He gonna Come set a wicked screen. Yeah, he could. Big perk out there. Set one of the wicked screens then you try to run up on him. What you going to do? Sh Because you know in hockey they had enforcers. All they do is they looking for some stuff to pop up And set this.


Say set the tone, You hit, you hit messy or you hit Gretzky or you hit Lemu or you had to deal with the them enforcer. Yeah. So imagine somebody rough how But see I hold up, I'm trying to think out. You got somebody 'cause somebody cheat shot at LeBron and you Oh Man. Who, who you catch with? I mean, you got it good too. I Crowder Jay. Yeah. Yeah, that's my dog too. Oh yeah. You got suspended though for that though? Yeah, I got suspended. I got suspended for a few of them. I don't like that shit dog. Like for real. Like especially if you ruin my, that's one, that's probably my, my biggest fault. Like I'm, I'm, I'm guilt.


I'm like, I'm loyal to the fault. 'cause like regardless if you would do it for me, I just do. That's just the way I move. If I'm with you and some shit go down, I'm, I'm riding with you all the way. Yeah, you cheap shot my man. I'm not going to cheap shot you. I'm gonna get you while you looking. Right. And then if you wanna do something after that then we can do that too. But all that you not about to, you not getting over on nobody. I'm with. I'm not with that. I'm see JR that's I'm the same way. Oh you cheap shot my quarterback or I see hey man such and such deal. Who? Yeah. What? Okay, don't your Mouth. We gonna get him. We get, Might not get Listen, we might not get him now, but we gonna get him later. We gonna get him and I'm gonna make it look like a play.


See ain't Come on. Hey. No, no, no, no, no. You ain't have no problem Chief shot my guy now you got a problem? No you not Finn you not finna get my guy and think you gonna walk your ass up outta here just free. Oh no we gotta you, I wanna make it blatant. I wanna make it look disrespectful 'cause it is like I want you to jump back because that's what it's on. If you not on ain, Try give up the money now. Yeah, I mean I, I gotta make, I lost a lot of bread. I ain't gonna lie. I gotta make it look like a, I gotta make it look like a what you call, I gotta make it look like a play. You gonna lost a lot of bread. Get suspended on these dudes man. Jason, Terry, Jay.


I got a couple of them but it was worth, it was a few of 'em was worth it though. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, like again, if you playing dirty then that's the type of game you played and that's what you gonna get. Yeah. Gigi Jackson say players around the league have told him to stop meat riding after he claimed Victor Wema will end up as the goat. I'm looking 10, 12 years from now when he is got an extra 30 pounds and a nice goatee with a mustache. I think Wimy will be the goat What, extra 30 pounds? He can't put no 30 pounds on that frame. I mean, I think, I think he's gonna be good. He gonna, he's gonna be very, very good at what he does. I mean, but he's he's not gonna be LeBron, he is not gonna be Michael Jordan.


You know, he's gonna be up there, you know, in, in the top tier, but not the elite of the elite. What you think swish you like what you said? I mean a seven foot four guy. Seven, four and a half, however tall he is. I mean he's way, he's towering over Rudy Gobert and they say Rudy go where Barry is seven one. So he is at least seven, three and a half. Seven four. I'm gonna say seven four. He hell, he might be even seven, five. But we've never seen a guy his height be this athletic. Normally they're cumbersome guys. Yeah. We see Min Bowl, we see moan, we see Bradley, you know, but normally guys that height, they can't move like him. Yeah, right. We see what's the guy, Bobo, Bobo Bo Bob Ball can move pretty good.


What's the other guy? Boon. We see Bob, we see how how Colum, how cumbersome he moves. But Weby is fluid for a man his size. He, he's athletic, he's ranging, he can go up and down the court now minute ball can shoot three, but the, but his ability to put the ball on the floor, we've never seen a man that size be able to put the ball on the floor and be able to do what he can do. Yeah. Like I, I'm, I like watching him play. Honestly, I'm happy he got a, he actually got a point guard like CP to actually teach him, you know, how to be in certain areas in certain positions at the right time because he has a game to where it's very easily he could, I think especially in today's game, 35 to 38 a game is very obtainable for him.


Hold on average 35 30, 35 to 38 points. Yeah, he got, he's he's very, I mean he has the fluidity, he has the fluidity offensively. So to even in double teams, like he could literally shoot over Rudy Gilbert, which is one of the tallest players in the league, and another dude coming over for, to, to double if he can get his game to be somewhere, to be as efficient as a KD smaller level, let's say Chet, he could be pro, he could be very, very dangerous. Very dangerous. And he's hung and he's like, he has a demeanor almost like a Giannis where he wants it.


He want, yes. You can see he wants to get better. He consistently, you know what I'm saying? I agree. I mean I li I like the young man he'll block shot and I think the thing is the biggest thing for if you a shot blocker, you can't be afraid to get dunked on because if you afraid to get dunked on, you can't be a great shop blocker. Yeah. Because it's gonna happen. I don't care. All the great shop blockers, you look at all the, the great shop blockers, be it from Wilt Russell, Hakeem artist Gilmore, Marvin Webster, you look at any great shop blocker, everybody got it. He done got Pope on. Oh hell yeah. Everybody got it. Yes. Tyson Chandler used to tell me, he say, Hey man, they may get me, but I I bet you I get them more than they get me. Right. No, absolutely.


It it's, it's just like a db somebody gonna get you, get a touchdown on you. Somebody, even, sometimes even a routine guy is gonna make an acrobatic catch. You're like, hold on bro, I just saw you shut down Megatron. How you let this dude get one on you? Oh, they get you. Oh, they go catch you Deba rest his soul debe. Think about how many times you don't see Demi de de kimbe on somebody. Highlight reel man, rest his soul. Man. He split my shit defensive. He caught you with an elbow. He split my shit. I was in stitches. They gave, I went in the back. I don't like needles, man. They gave me a needle about this long in my eye dog, like right under my eye socket. Man.


I thought I was about to die. Yeah, them sharp ass elbows. De Kimba had them sharp elbows. LeBron said he, he broke LeBron nose. Yeah, he caught on beat. Caught a lot of people though. Yeah. Straight up. And I don't want you to think it wasn't intentional either. I love Rad so my man, but he tell you like, no, no, you get in my, I get yo brand was crazy.


The Volume wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin. Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There are nearly 4,000 housing counsels across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you. Visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Hey. There it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.