
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC Terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. You probably watched the Kansas City chief remain undefeated as they take down the New Orleans Saints. 26 13 Patrick Mahomes, outstanding night, 28 of 39 3 31 1 INT. Thank you for joining us for Neeps, another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite number, 85 Liberty City is on Cincinnati Bigo Ring of Fame Honoree. Yeah, the Pro Bowl. The All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Yeah, but You can just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast fee wherever you get your podcast from.


Remember, every subscriber counts, every subscriber matter. Thank you for mattering. Thank you for your su support for over a year now. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier. Hopefully by the end of the year we'll be between 14 and 16 states. If we're not currently in a state or a city near you, You can order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. Here it is right here. 84. It's spelled out. UNC and OCHO ts are back in stock. I repeat. UNC and OCHO ts are back in stock. And if you ordered merch within the last three weeks, it began shipping last week.


Hopefully you're starting to receive your email confirmation that your order has been shipped. We thank you for your patronage. We thank you for your patience. We greatly, greatly appreciate. Both. Please make sure you go vote for the Signal Awards. Nightcap has been nominated for Best Live podcast recording. We have a narrow lead over new hikes best co-host team. We're nominated for two awards voting open October 17th. And just like the Webby, you have to create an account and verify your email. Again, you have to create an account and verify your email. Club Shehe is also nominated for three awards.


Two by night Nightcap, three by Club Sheha popular culture and variety show. Best Athlete Shaping Culture Show and best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. Guys, we thank you. You see all the awards behind myself. OCHO is not in his studio so you can't see his, but all these awards were because of you. The the one, the a hundred thousand sub, the 1 million sub, the the Webbys, the the, the Synopsis Awards. All of those awards were because of you. Yes, Ocho and I, we create great content. CJ does a great job with club. She, she as does an unbelievable job with her team for Nightcap. But it's because of you that we've been able to do and have the level of success that we've had that we've enjoyed.


So thank you again. Ocho the Chiefs have continued their undefeated start to the season with a 26 13 victory at home over the New Orleans Saints. Yeah, the Chiefs improved to five and oh. The homeboy threw for 331 yards, 130 of them with the Juju Smith Schuster. Kareem Hunt ran for 102 yards in his first game in Arrowhead. Since rejoining the team, Derek Carr left the game in the fourth quarter after suffering an oblique injury. He was replaced by Jake Haner. Jake Haner Ocho. You watched this game 26. Yeah, I Did. What did you like about what you saw from the Chiefs and what do you think they need to improve on to keep this streak alive and possibly free?


I Mean, hey, listen, speaking of improvement, I thought, I thought they were gonna play. So I'm not, they weren't gonna play bad because Patrick Mc Holmes always find a way and we have a quarterback like that. He always finds a way to make it happen. But you have no Pacheco. Kareem Hunt comes in. You have no Rashee Rice and Juju Smith and Xavier worthy, and obviously they still have Travis Kel And Hollywood Brown is out for the, from the start of the season. But go ahead. Oh yeah, I'm, I'm, so, I'm thinking, okay, maybe things are gonna start a little slow. Maybe things gonna start a little slow. He gonna try to figure out ways to manipulate the offense and they're gonna scheme people open to give 'em the ball and hell, they look better than they did last week. This is the best I've seen them look on Joe. Exactly. This is the best I've seen them look.


So the fact that you were four, oh, you're missing key pieces to your offense and you look better than you did when you had those two, those two key pieces that we're missing is, is beyond me. On the opposite end, the Saints, it all comes down to decision making. When you're playing a team like the Chiefs, Derek Carr throwing the interception, just throwing the ball up in the, just throwing the ball up in the air like that for grabs. No. What, what, what are we, what are we doing? What are we doing? Then I sent a tweet out, I said, it all comes down, Derek Carr, settle down, let the game come to you. Run the ball and then pick and choose when to take your shots. Unc, I swear, as soon as I pressed sin, maybe about they, the next offensive series, they got the ball.


What did they do? Run Dink and dunk. Run ding dunk, Rashee Rashee Rashee shahi on the, on the dino route. The post corner post touchdown. Yeah, that's that. That's all. I'm not saying that's all you have to do is, is it's much more difficult than that. But Derek, Derek Carr, his decision making it kind of hurt him a little bit. The All Out Bliss, the All Out biz, the Zero Blitz. I can't remember the receiver's name number. He's, he was wearing 84. He has to make that catch For for for the the saints. For the chief. For the Saints. For the Saints. Oh, for the Saints. Okay. On that all out zero blitz. You gotta Yeah. Yeah. Bomb that catch. You gotta make that catch for your quarterback.


You gotta make that catch for your quarterback. Other than that, man, listen, the Chiefs look good. They going into the bi-week five and oh, and I'm, I'm thinking at some point they were gonna have a slump because they're missing missing some key pieces, you know, to, to their offense. Listen, it's, it's unbelievable. And I I I'll say it again. When you have a quarterback like that, anything is possible. It's like play, it's like plug in next man up. Same thing when, when Brady's with the Patriots players get hurt. A different piece of that puzzle always changed consistently. But for some reason because of quarterback, because of the person they have at the helm, it doesn't matter who's out there. They, I mean, he gonna make it happen.


And Patrick Mahomes is doing the same exact same exact damn thing. Well, as long as it's, if you play spades, as long as you got the big joker, you know, you got one book, Got a chance, Mahomes Brady, those are big jokers, you know, you got a chance. Yeah. It ain't no hoping they're gonna give and they give, they breathe confidence into your entire team. Right. 'cause you know, like we just do our job, he gonna make it work. They have an outstanding defense gave up 13 points. Yeah. They've only given up what, 29 points in, in five games. They've only given up 29 points in the second half. Hey, you know what's funny? So I thought the defense would obviously with the, with the absence of Guy.


What's the young, what's the young boy name was Tennessee? Yeah. Darius Snee. Yeah. When Lazarus nee I leg la Luxurious, luxurious Darius. Yeah. I thought there would've been a little lapse in defense once L Jarius left and they, they ain't missed a beat that goddamn Chris Jones. He's so goddamn motherfucker. He's stay in the back for you. Listen, he's Staying the back for your unc, but they double teaming him. Yeah, they double teaming him and, and the, and the opportunities where he beats the double team. He gets skinny so quick at the point of attack. I'm like, what y'all doing? Yeah, just Squeeze, squeeze down. He's spin right through you Look, he's gonna, he's gonna get some procedures because he's down. He's guessing a snap. He's jumping.


He's got it down to a science now. You gonna get him now on a 30, 31, 32 fourth one, fourth two. You gonna get him a couple times. Yeah. But more times than not, he gonna get you. And like you said, he's hitting and he's skinny. So quick, Quick. He does a great job. And what I tell receivers is play on edges, brother. You can't play str square down a man. Yeah. You can't let it put his hands in your bra plate. Oh yeah. Gimme one side. Matter Of, matter of fact, you know what, UNC, now as you just said it, playing skinny for the people in the chat, don't understand what playing skinny means. Think about boxing when it, when you, when you when it comes to boxing, you got you, you turn one side, you always got one side.


So he, you give Oh, you wanna get the big as target. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's the, it's the same, the same thing with with defensive lineman. Some of the best defensive lineman. The fact that they double teaming Chris Jones tonight. And at the point of attack, soon as the ball snapped, he getting skinny right away. Yeah. Sometimes I saw him get skinny his hands way up here and he, and he just, he put, I'm like, man, what the, what is y'all doing? He's so good. He's so good with his hands. How he can stab what I mean, use one hand Yeah. To turn the offensive lineman. Now I've got you turned. Yeah. Now I'm, you can't do Nothing. You gotta leverage, You'll take a, he'll take one of his, push your arm up, go right on by you to the side that he lifted it.


It's, it's, it's great watching guys that are so technically right. He's so gifted. It looks like he's about six five, maybe 300 pounds. But he's so lightening quick off the ball. Yeah. Oh my goodness. For a man his size and the way he can get skin in the gap and, and sp do a great job of moving him up and down. They'll put him in the, they'll put him in his natural position, which is a three technique. They'll put him at the nose, they'll put him in a five, they'll put him in a, a a seven, A seven shade. They'll put him in a nine. They'll put him in a wide Yeah, I know guys. I'm just, I'm saying a wide nine is what we call a cowboy front. A You can have a a nine, which is slightly outside right now. You can go head up. Now You can go to a seven shade. Now You can go to a five, which is inside eye of the tight end.


Outside shoulder of the, of the, the, the tackle or You can go five or You can go three technique. Warren s Joe Green, Aaron Donald. When you think of three techniques, those are the guys, Chris Jones. But they do a great job of moving Chris Jones up and down the line of scrimmage. Because what he's trying to do is he is trying to find a weak link. And so what he's gonna do, he's gonna say, okay, I'm gonna try your right tackle, I'm gonna try your right guard. I'll try your center, I'll try your left guard, I'll try your left tackle whichever one is weak. But this is, this is, You got hell on your hands. This is the problem. You gonna have hell on your hands regardless, because regardless, unless he's playing either some of the, some of the better guards and tackles in the NFL, everybody's the goddamn wink link when it come to him.


Because since Aaron Donald is going Yeah. Guess the Next, oh, he's the premier's the tackle. He's the three. Yeah, he is. He is he he legit. He, he, he, for real. He's working, he's working on an extensive case for Canton five years after he retires. Oh Yeah, most definitely. He, He, he's had that kind of impact. He's, he's been the best player on their defense. All those Super Bowl years. He's been the best player. Yeah. And so that means something. He's a multiple time all pro. He's, he's res he's spearheads that. He's the one that makes it easier for McDuffy. And when they had luxurious need and when they had all those guys back there, he made it easy because he's a hell raiser.


Yeah, he's a hell raiser. He does a great job with his hands. He can get skinny and he can He's good stout at the point of attack. Yeah. What needs to be. But he's trying to live in your backfield and like I said, that's what they do. You find a weak link. Hey, we turning door handles. Oh, this was open. We there, we finna come here bro. Hey, I like that one. Hey, you better be you. Hey, you better be on your PS and Q Kareem Hunt. 27 carriers a buck two ocho. That's crazy. Awesome. Awesome. Night running football. Hold on. How long Kareem been there, UNC? Two weeks. Two weeks? Well, the third week, because remember the first time they put him on the practice squad Score to get him a week to get him acclimated. Right, Right.


Let him get his legs up under, That's crazy. But he was special. I don't know if y'all remember when he first got there, that game, his, his come out breakout game was that Thursday night game against Kansas against the Patriots. Yeah. After they won the Super Bowl and he had like a hundred yards of rushing, a hundred yards receiving. They had over 500 yards of total offense. They totally annihilated the Patriots. That was his coming out party. He had like what, 13, 14, maybe even 1500 yards rushing that season. He's phenomenal. He's a dual thread guy that can run between the tackles. He can get outside, he can catch the ball out The back Field. He was off, he was off. He was gonna have, I would love to have seen him Kansas play his entire career, or at least these years that he ended up Kansas going to Cleveland in Kansas City.


Yeah, Kansas. Because That's what they missed Because his numbers numbers would've been crazy. Oh, absolutely. Numbers would've been crazy. Because if you take, if you take that, if you take what he's able to do as far as being able to run a ball between the tackles, outside the tackles, stretching, then you take him and put him in the passing game as well. Yes. Then you got Kelsey, then you got all the, the other weaponry you got around you. Man. It is like, it's almost unfair when you think about it. But listen, God don't make no mistakes. Yeah. God, God don't make no mistakes. He had to sit him down and then bring him on back home And look at Juju. Remember Juju last couple years in Pittsburgh? Yeah. Nothing. You remember what he did? You remember how he looked?


What you call him end up cutting him. Yeah. Did the Patriots, the Patriot? Yeah. Now look, look how, look how he look. Look, look how he looks now. Yeah. Remember in the Super Bowl against the the the Eagles. Yeah. You you know what I, you know what I always say, I always say when players, I don't wanna use the word disappear when they go to other teams where they're not used in the right way, where they can be efficient and still be productive. That's what you get. You get what you saw when he was with the Patriots or when he was with, when he was with with the Steelers, when Antonio Brown was there. Right. And he was putting up all those numbers. They doubling ab. So boom, he's getting the opportunities now that, but you Have to understand that.


Huh? But see, Ocho that's the hardest thing when people think they're number ones when they're really a two. Right? Because the number one is getting all the attention. Attention, right. So now you go somewhere and you're the number one. And so now my focus getting ladder work it a you're getting Ja, Alexander's different. You getting Ramsey, you getting Sartan? Yeah. You getting SA Gardner, that's a big difference between getting one constantly and getting two and three. Yeah. I don't, I don't think people understand, but especially chat people in the chat. If you watch the game of football and we talk about some of the elite receivers, the Jeffersons, the Chase, the AJ Browns just down the list of number one receivers from each team.


I don't think you understand the difference from a one and a two. There's, there's a reason. There's a reason for that. There's a tremendous drop off from somebody being a number one. So when teams break the huddle, they're making their calls in defensive assignments accordingly based on where that number one lines up. For Sure. So they keying on you every down first down, second down, third down. We need to know where he is. Yeah. And dbs And when you're the number one, the DB get a lot of frequent flyer miles 'cause they travel. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. They follow you. Oh yeah. Where you going? Okay, I'm there too. I'm, yeah. Oh, you invited to, oh you invited to the slot. I'm coming. Hey, hey.


Make sure you gonna a plus one because I'm gonna be right there in front of your ass And you, you know what? And that's where for a receiver, you really hope whoever your officer coordinator is has a lot of creativity when it comes to scheming. Yeah. Because then you gotta move them around. Yeah. You, you got, you got move you around because they leave you out there by yourself. Well you gonna be, you gonna be mad as hell when you don't touch a goddamn ball to the fourth quarter Ocho. And we and I had this conversation, I think it's about two weeks ago. When you sign somebody in free agency, are you going to use him like he was being used at the team Where was at that made you fall in love with him. With him. Exactly. Because if you not, you're gonna be upset. Your fan base is gonna be upset because they say, well he ain't playing like he did over there.


They're not using him like they did over there. Oh, You talking about Derrick Henry And, and in reference to Derrick Henry, remember Yep. You got Yeah. Or anybody because how many times have you seen Ocho a guy get big dollar to free agency and he's a a, a a a four three defensive end. They put him in a three-four standup. Right, right, right. Or he's a three-four standup and they put him in a four, 3D and put him in his hand in the dirt. Right. Or this guy used to play in zone coverage as a corner and you put him in man to man. Hey, Well you get, You better use him, use him. But you gotta understand, listen, when you take zone corners and they go to a man team or you get exposed so fast. Yeah. Get exposed. Real You can, I'm talking about real fast because that's a whole different ballgame now.


There's only a handful players. There's a handful of DBS in the NFL that can actually play man to man. Yeah. You know what, I don't even need no help or it's third down or I don't even need no help Boy. Well you ain't got no, you don't have the, you don't, first of all, you don't have the linebacker buzz in the flat so you don't have to worry about anything underneath. You got the safety over the top. They playing the, a lot of teams playing that two shell now. Yeah. Because teams are unwilling to try to run the football. So I ain't gotta worry about, I'm like, bro, bro, I know you all, all of a sudden you want to get physical. You don't think I I see that safe ass way back there. Back Back there. Yeah. Yeah. You and you all, all that all. Oh, Joey, you know they get down there, the little stand they wiggle in little booty talk. Me and you, your ass out my face.


Hold On, hold on. Hold. What? What about when they put one foot back? Like they're getting ready to bail and try to jump press too? Yeah. Oh yeah. Like they, You got help back there. Hey everybody, everybody wanna be like tire. They got their arms hanging. They wiggling, they booty on your, I say, man, get your ass outta here. I see that safety way back there. Yeah, you are. All of a sudden you tough. Yeah, man, get the hell up outta here. Y'all ain't fooling nobody. I tell you what, tell him you wanna cover me man. And I guarantee you'll find your name. I get, I bet you on Monday morning your name will be on the wave or why. You know what I I I always wondered when it comes to, let's say just, just for instance, hypothetically speaking, like when it comes to like a Sauce gardener or Patrick Tain Jr.


I wonder are they allowed to go to their coach and say, I want to travel. I know we have a certain scheme that we run. I know there's certain things that we do defensively, but do me the favor allow me to travel with whoever it is because I wanna match up against him all day. You think dbs have to say that? Probably Ocho. But the thing is, is that you give the offense keys because they know when you go and you play in a certain coverage with that guy. So now that's why a lot of teams don't like to travel. Right. Because I don't want you getting keys on what I'm doing based on what he's doing. Okay. So I wanna disguise it as much as I possibly can. Right. So you think it's on? Nah bro. We in man man, I just got, I just gonna roll some help late over the top.


See that's, that's how, if you really like that, I'm just, I'm just saying me if I was the db, if you really like that, hey coach, who we got this week, man, listen, I got him all game. You run whatever coverage you want to, to the other side of the field. This side, I got this. Don't even worry. I got you. Well see that's the problem that you run into. Like when you play a team like the 49 ERs or you play a Devon, you play the Eagles. Yeah. Because while you got somebody dealing with AJ Brown and AJ go make your play. Davante, Trade, Rumors Devonte Smith. Go eat that number two up. Killing You. Yeah. Killing you Brandon. I you go eat your number two up. Right. So that's the problem that you run into. Okay, y'all got now TJ go eat. Oh, y'all gonna do what y'all do to ocho. Okay. TJ going eat.


As soon as y'all start rolling the coverage over there to help TJ out. I'll be back. Oh, you forgot. I'll be right behind. Oh, y'all forgot. Huh? The chiefs headed to the bye week five and oh, after a 26 13 victory over the New Orleans Saints, they're undefeated in their quest to be the first team in NFL history to win three straight Super Bowl. The chief, the chiefs received some good news today Ocho regarding Rashee Rice status. Yeah. In Rappaport reported that Rice's LCL may be the only ligament that needs to be repaired.


Okay. She reported it's unlikely Chief Rashee Rice will play again this season. But doctors will not know for sure until they do the surgery. Gonna, he's going under anesthesia. They're gonna look around and see what they find and what they repair will, will determine Right. The extent of the injury and how much downtime. What should the chief do? Hey, Tyreek. Hey Miami, y'all wanna trade us Tyreek back? Nah, I'll to Tyreek first because he knows the offense ocho right? I I'm put that out there. Oh, you I mean that, that's a good one. I like it. But they don't need to, they don't need to. Not based off what I saw tonight. Oh No, no. That's not Good enough. Not based off what I saw tonight. That's not good enough.


You, You, you Don't need to, I don't know if you'll beat the Ravens again without see Tyreek is that fear factor. Whoa. But they only got Xavier worthy. You only got the fear factor. I want, I want. No, see he's scared. He, he ain't the boogieman, he ain't, I want the boogieman. Right. I want you afraid to come outside. I wanna, Hey man, you going, you got Tyre? Nah, nah bro. I want Juju. See, matter of fact that, that ain't even fair Now that I think about it. Could you imagine a team now think about when Hollywood Brown. Hollywood Brown come back. Think about if they did get Tyreek. Think about and Xavier worthy at the same time. Yeah. Come on man. That's what I need.


So matter of fact, you know what, if Tyre was to come back, just say hypothetically speaking. Okay. How about we just hand him the goddamn Lombardi Now because you, you're not, you're not stopping that. You not, you're not stopping that. I don't think there's a defense or a scheme or a team that is put together well enough has a personnel to stop something like that. No. No. So you reach out to ti you reach out to Miami, see if they're interested with Tyre, then I'll probably go DH because I don't, me personally, I don't, this Ain't, this ain't mad. You trying to create a, a ultimate team there. But here's the, but no, I'm just saying all that Ocho closed mouth don't get fed. Now Jerry said he thought Derrick Henry was too expensive.


But did he See that's like you going, you going to the, you going to the club or something and that fine girl over there. Man, she probably got somebody Did you ask to see? Well listen, if you see that fine girl over there, I, you'd never forget the game of soccer. Just because there's a goalie and net doesn't mean you can't score. Exactly. So go over there and ask her. Guess what? She might be on the out. They they might have just broke up. Yeah. Yeah. He might have did some floss ish. Oh yeah? Yeah. And she like, Hey, You Know what, she want a lick back. You gotta be, Hey listen, that, that's one thing about it. They, they, they will get that lick back. All You can do is tell me no.


Man. You know how many times I've been told no. She probably ain't gonna tell you that. But I, I wanna hear her say it though. There's something, there's something refreshing about being told No, no, I'm not. You like that. You don't, you, you don't, it don't, it don't make you feel bad when somebody tell you up. No, No, no. Do you know how many times I was told no that I ain't gonna be ish. That I ain't gonna do nothing. Come on. And if you go, you go to college, you ain't gonna do, you ain't gonna do what you did in high school. And if you go to the NFLI done been told no I ain ain't thing. Right. Right, right, right, right, right, right. But here, there guess what she say? Yeah man, I be, Hey man, I be clicking my heels like Dorothy in the women there are no place like home.


There is no place. Like, man, please Joe. Hey, But I know one thing, Say no. Yeah. Listen, I know one thing about it. You've heard more yeses than you've heard nos in life. I know that. Absolutely. Oh, okay. I'm just making sure. And guess what Ocho there been some times them no turn. I see what I'm saying. It was no yesterday, but tomorrow. Yeah. Oh yeah. Quick. And I be thinking all the time. I remember you told me no. Oh yeah. One hand on you. One hand hand on your ocho. Yeah. So sometimes, sometimes you gotta make a paper for saying no. Huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta make a paper for saying no. And depending, like, I don't mean to be getting, getting to getting off track, but it's, it is funny sometimes when they say no and you get a opportunity for some reason it always seemed like they free time.


They, they, they all of a sudden have free time. Oh, I got free time now. Oh. Oh, now you're not busy no more. It's funny how that work Sometimes the No. Are you telling me to turn the page or you telling me to close the book? Boy? Oh, I ain't give you no more. Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You know I'm in a hotel. I'm in this, Hey, look at a pen. Look at a pen, a little feather. Gimme that. You in Phil, right? With Ben Franklin. Who the hell you Ben Franklin. I'm in New York and some, I don't know what Doug got me staying at, man.


But what you about, what you about to sign the Declaration of Independence there you got, And listen, he got me in one of these fancy hotel. Come on now. Don't, don't, don't do me that. Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that quote more time. But that's the thing, Ocho, sometimes you gotta understand, okay, do I turn the page or do I close the book? Ooh, Stop. Stay right there. Stay right there. Now do I turn the page or do I close the book? See, now that's a good one-liner. When you are in an argument with a woman, that's a good, that's a good one-liner. Now that, that can, that can, that can stumble up or trip up. And she might not have a way to answer to that because that's a good one.


How do you want to continue this conversation? You want me to turn the page or close the book? Because if I close the book, then we done. So if I turn the page, then the conversation over now, which one you want? Hey, I'm a UA if if I close, if I, if I close, if I close the book, we over, Hey, at least if I turn the page, I could continue to reading it. Right. All I'm saying is I'm done with this conversation at this time. Hey unc, will you be having some? Ooh, that's a good one. But Now Wait, that my next argument, I close, I closed that book. Yeah. That ain't the bible. I ain't going back into it and open it up when I can find a hard time. You know, a lot of times people go back to the Bible, they don't read the Bible until they fall on hard times.


Right, right, right, right. Oh, I don't, man, I don't believe. But guess what happens with something. Lord have mercy. Mercy. That's the first thing they holler. They know Joe. Hey, when you're driving, when you're driving right, and it's raining and you start sliding, who the first person you call on? All right. Now That that is boy, boy, boy. Yeah, but that's, oh that's a, that's a, that's a that's tough. Yeah, because we've all been in situation where you want something and then it's like, no, hey, I got time. You know, I ain't gonna lie. I got time. Right, right, right. Sometimes it's been a year, sometimes it's been two years, three years. Yeah.


But you know or fine when ain't got no expiration date. Not with osha. Hold on. I know you waiting that time. I know you ain't. I know you ain't waiting that long. I No, no, no, no. I Who said I was waiting? Oh, I mean, you said one year, two year. I'm been trying to, I'm just saying Right. Some ocho sometimes the line to get into the restaurant is long. You gotta wait your turn. Come on man. You gotta wait your turn. You know what's funny? You know what's funny when you say that? This is, this is the weird thing about life. This is the weird thing about relationships. This is the weird thing about, about marriages or situation ships in today's time. The funny thing about it, if there's someone you want, all you have to do is wait.


All you have to do is wait. 'cause everything has an expiration date. There's something very difficult. Something very difficult. Three things you can't make happy. You can't make people on the internet happy. Yeah. Ain't no way to make the i the IRS happy and the most difficult thing of all time is keeping a woman happy. Long term. The most difficult. Now, if there's a man out there that has figured that out, please let me know and write a book. Very difficult long term, huh? Yeah. I talk about once they, once they've known you, when the butterflies are gone, the dopamine is gone. When the honeymoon phase is gone, how do you still continue to find ways to keep a motherfucker happy?


Because when you had that feeling of the unknown and you don't know, I mean, it's always exciting. Then, you know, you always got butterflies then. Yeah. Well, what happened when you, you in year five? Huh? What happened when you in year seven? You in year eight? See, it's different now. This ain't, this ain't back in the old days, baby. What? You know what? We ain't got nowhere else to go, so we ain't had no choice but to stay with Who you with? Nah. Oh, the mother ain't happy now, boy, they hit the do so god damn quick. Yeah. Next. Because you, it look, it's like that with everybody. Everybody think it's better. Everybody, Hey guys think they got, they gonna find a better woman. Women think they gonna find a better man, a better man. Listen, in some cases you might.


Yeah. Some cases you just might, but a lot of times it's not that you found someone better. Right? It's that you were willing to do more. See, you'll do more for someone new Right. Than you would for what you had. That's the problem. That ain't nothing, ain't nothing changed. But what you did, right? Your girl asked you to go out to eat. No. Nah, baby, I'm hungry. I don't wanna go out. Right. That new would ask you where you wanna go. Hey, uncle, that's called, that's called complacency. Yeah. 10. All the things you used to do to get her. But you know that it, it, it, it kind of faded away as time goes on.


But that's what Gotta it kind of fade away. But that's what, that's how I am. I am, I am very, whatever I do, I'll continue that. That's hard. I'll continue it. That's hard. No, it ain't. You don't think so? Not for, not for me. Not for me. Because I want you, this is what I'm willing to do. Not only to get you, but to keep you. Right. But That's, I like, Like that. You don't be all of a sudden though, Ocho all of a sudden, well, you, I ain't never did that. Can I connect you something? Yes, I know we, I know we all track a little bit, but stay with me now. Do you understand how difficult it is?


And it's one thing, you see quotes and you hear people talk about it, but you know how difficult it is. If you wear the same shoe all the time, over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. After a certain amount of time, what happened to the bottom of that shoe? They get wore out. It's hard. It's hard. And then you have to reinvent and create a new soul. But guess what? So I, I, when I, when I, when, when I, when I think about what you just said, how long have you actually been in a situation where you've been able to do the things you did in the beginning and still kept up that same, that same, that, that pattern. That same pattern. Because Unc, after a while, boy, hey boy, You see these ocho?


Yes sir. These are what I wear in my house. They don't go outside now. They gonna eventually get worn down. Yeah. But guess who wore 'em down? That old lady that I had 10, 15 guess worn down. Come On it, It was OSHA grinder down to the nubs. Hold on, hold on. I'm in a hotel now. I can't, I can't get too loud. I Can't get As That's, but that's what it's, I mean, look, I you, I do what I love. Yeah. You know one thing about women that's ever been in my presence? Yes, Sir. They, they'll tell you. Oh, I, oh, I knew he liked me. Mm. Ain't no question. Yeah. Ain't no question. Ain't no ifs and a but. Right, Right, right. You know what I think, I Think he kind of digging on me.


Right. You know, because OSHA coming. Yeah. Oh, you I'm coming. Yeah. Shoot shit. I'm, I'm coming too then. Yeah. And, And when I come, yeah. Category five, when I touch down, I'm wrecking shock. That's what I'm talking about. Stuff coming down. Don't your stuff coming down. That's all I'm saying. Just five weeks in, we're down to two teams chasing the 1972 Dolphins. The only team to finish the regular and postseason undefeated in the same season. They win 17 and oh, in winning the Super Bowl, the Kansas City Chiefs and the Minnesota Vikings are the only two remaining undefeated teams.


Ocho. Yeah. Who will lose first The Chiefs or the Vikings? You, you, you know what's funny, I'm not sure who will lose first, but they would wanna lose though. At some point you wanna lose. I wouldn't even be wanting to chase that record. Especially before it gets, before it gets come, it comes close to playoff time. If anything, continue to win over and over and over before you reach the playoffs. So you know what adversity feels like. So you know what it feels like to lose and know what, know what you need to do to make sure it doesn't happen again. Think a team that I think would lose first. It'd probably be the Chiefs. It it, I, I, for some reason I think it, it'll probably be the Chiefs. I'm not sure what team will have that number.


But when the chiefs do lose the game, it is gonna be a team that we least expected. And it probably gonna be the Raiders. I'm just, I'm just saying it's probably gonna be the Raiders that they lose to. I'm trying to see which, which one, which one is, so the top is the Chiefs. Oh yeah. So the Chief's next game is at 10 20 is at the 49 ERs. So the Chiefs have the 49 ERs at Raiders, Tampa at home, Broncos at home, at Bills, at Panthers, Raiders at home, charges at home at Browns versus Texans. Steelers on Christmas. Broncos. One five Detroit. So, no. So now the Minnesota Vikings, they got Detroit, the Rams, the Colts, the Jags, the Titans, the Bears.


The Cardinals. The Falcons man looked like the cheese gonna lose the first got the workout out for him. They got the 49 ERs, the Bucks Buffalo. But they That, oh, Joe, I remember, I remember we started this season in 98. We started 13 and Oh, I ain't want to lose. Damn. We started 13. Yeah, we started 13. Oh, y'all Won Super Bowl that year? We did. Okay. We had 14 and two in the regular season. Won the Super Bowl. Right. Ocho, the thing is, we had to lead, I think we had to lead the Giants. We had to lead on the Giants. We kicked the ball off. We tackled him on the thir on the 13 yard line.


Yeah. In three plays. There were 87 yard touchdowns. Three plays. Three plays. God Lee. And we lost, we, we threw a Hail Mary in the end zone. John threw a Hail Mary. A Hail Mary. And, but we lost. And then we played Monday night. We played the Dolphins on Monday night and they beat the brakes off us. But they was, it made us mad because they was celebrating. Right. It was Sam Madison, T Buck, all them guys was over there celebrating. Right. And I just remember it was me, foot and td.


I said, look at 'em. We'll see 'em again. Yeah. We got some funny ass when we see 'em. Division round of the playoffs. 38 to three. Y'all mock them like that. Did we, y'all must, Y'all must have played in in Denver, Huh? We did. Okay. Okay. We did 30, 38 to three ocho. TD had like a buck 99 on like, damn. And we called the dogs off on them. Zach, This one? What? Nah, Zack Thomas. Oh, Zack Thomas was there. Jason Taylor. Boy. We ran Brock. Marion was at Safety. Safety. We ran them off the field, ran them out. Ran them out of my high. Hold on. Hey Louis Oliver was playing then, wasn't he With the dog?


No, no, no, no. Sweet Lou had been gone. Oh, He'd been gone. Okay. Okay. Sweet Lou and Jarvis. You, Jarvis Williams was there too. Okay. I played against both of them. Jarvis and Sweet Lou. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's what gave, that's what gave, I remember ocho, we went to Berlin, we scrimmage, we played them in Berlin. Right. Because they used to be, we went all over, I mean the Broncos, because obviously we had John. So we went to Japan twice. We went to Australia, we went to Berlin, we went to Barcelona, we played, we was playing them. We were gonna play Miami and Bar in Berlin. So we know, obviously we have practice, right. Scrimmage against each other. So one-on-ones, I had actually never done one-on-ones as a wide receiver.


Right. Well, early in my career, my first year. Then when they moved me to tight end, I didn't do it no more. Right. So Dan said, Shannon got me outta 9 0 7 and says, I want you to go run some routes. I'm like, okay. So I went down there. I was like, John said, I want you to get, I want you to, you know, I know what You can do, right? I want you to go, I want you to show them what You can do. Yeah. I cooked. Everybody, everybody, they start in corners, right? Jarvis, Lou Cook, I'm cooking everybody. That's when I knew at that point in time.


Yeah. I said, okay. They going, they going. Because at that, it never really dawned on me Ocho because when Dan pulled me out of 9 0 7 to go down there, I'm just thinking, okay. Then it really dawned on me and John pulled me and said, okay, I want you to, I want you to, you know, get this work now I want you to do what you do cooking. John went who? Cooking? Yeah. Rumors surrounding Devonte Adams and talks of him being traded away from Las Vegas, a ramping up according to take K Adams, he will not be on our show Tuesday as originally scheduled. She tweeted, oh boy. Lots happening at the moment with our guy Adams. He won't be on tomorrow. Sorry about that. Stay tuned today, Adam, she, to name the gens, the Saints are the most likely landing spots landing for Devonte Adams services.


I mean, it, it makes the most sense, the most sense. We, we know why the Saints, but I don't think the best fit for him would be the Saints being that they have their targets already. You and, and Rashed. Shahi. But what makes sense to me to help both of the Hans over in New York is to Rogers. I mean, it just, it, it makes the most sense, you know? And I think if he is to come, I think he will restructure in, in, in promising that he'll be there. Obviously more than more, more than one year. Because I think Aaron will probably come back another year as well because 'cause of the injury that the previous year, but just, I mean it's, the writing is on the wall.


The writing is on the wall. I'm sure Aaron behind closed doors to try to do everything he can to get, to get the jet, to get Devante on down there. And it gives them a chance. It gives him a chance. I think if you have Aaron Rogers, you brought in there for a reason, so you might as well get multitudes. You want to, to see how far as you guys can go. The A ffc, the FFC East right now. I mean, it's up for grabs. It's up for grabs. So why not improve your offense and go take it. All that being said, Aaron's gonna have to play better though. Ocho Oh yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. He, He Not playing well based on what we saw last night. I'm talking about End the week, end the week before against the Broncos and then before that. Yeah. Yeah. He has a, he, he, he hasn't played well even if you go back to the first game now, he played well in one game, but other than that, he hadn't played well.


Yeah. He's gonna have to play better because remember Ocho, he was supposed to be the reason why they're winning. Yeah. Not why they're losing. And so their defense is play. Look, their defense isn't historically great. Right. But they're playing well enough. Well enough. Yeah. He's not holding up his end of the deal. Right. I'm not breaking news guys. This is not No, this is not an Amber alert where Shannon Sharpe is breaking news about Aaron Rogers being bad. He's not playing well. And we can acknowledge that. A lot of people don't want to acknowledge that, but I think athletes want you to be honest with him. I believe you could be honest without beating him over the head. Right, Right, right, right. He's Not playing well. It's okay. Yeah. And the funny thing about it is, you know what I like about Aaron?


What, which I think most of the time, or maybe, maybe he doesn't, he took accountability for that. He said he has to play Well, I mean, he said it most, most times they deflect and point the fingers at other people, you know. But the fact that he was able to take accountable, you know what, I didn't, I didn't play well. I didn't play like myself. So, I mean, we're gonna see what happened. I'm not sure who they're playing. I'm not sure who the just plan next, but hopeful. Hopefully he has a better showing. Well, the que is, is is the Lions gonna have a fire sale? What about Max Crosby? Does he want to stay? Does he want out? Yeah. Nah, the boy, they must run and somebody get him. Who can you a hey, he, hell raise the ocho.


Oh Yeah. Yeah. Big Time. He relentless Big time. He the real, you know, He, he reminds me of Jared Allen. You remember Jared Allen? I feel about Just getting ready to say Jared Allen. Remember every time Jared Allen got a sack, he would steal the cow and tie him up. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. I was just getting Ready to say that. Kansas City and Minnesota, I think he played one year in Carolina too. But that's where he cut, that's where he made a name from himself. Right. Kansas City and in Minnesota. Right. But well, look, I, I just want, I want Devonte to, to get somewhere where he can, you know, play out his last, because what, he got two more years left on that contract. He's in the third year of a five year deal. Right. So he needs to get somewhere and obviously he's going to, you know, look like you're, for what Schefter is reporting, it looks like the Jets and Saints.


Yeah. And listen, it needs to happen sooner than later too. Yeah. It needs to happen sooner than later. On this most recent podcast, Michael Parson said he thinks the Jets is where Davante Trade Rumors gonna land. I think that relationship with the Jets is gonna come to life. Right. Michael said that Devonte brings a winning culture after predicting that he would head to New York. Yeah. I like it. It makes the most sense. I mean, it just, it just makes the most sense if it's, if it's another team outside of that to me. I mean, it just, I, I, I just, I don't, I don't understand it. I wouldn't understand it if it were To happen. But the fact that it got out Ocho that he wants out, he, he's brought down, he suppressed his value because I know you gotta get rid of him.


See Ocho, anything, I know you trying to sell. I ain't finna give you a, I'm not finna give you market price for it because I know you gotta get rid of it because you know why? I know you gotta get rid of him because he wants out. Right. And he'll cause you problem if he doesn't get out. Not publicly not gonna do anything. But remember and I told you off the air, I said I believe AP was talking about Devonte Adams. Yeah. When he said guys are making business decisions. Right. And we will make business decisions moving forward. Right. I believe I could be totally wrong, but I believe that's what he was talking about. Yeah. I I, yeah, I'm not, I'm not sure. Ain't ain't no telling. 'cause I, I wasn't able to see the film. I think if I was able to see the film, I'd be able to tell you exactly who was making those business decisions And, and what would that happen?


The tweet Devonte Adams played his last game. Somebody for that either runs his account or AP like that tweet. Oh, that's right. That's right. I know what you talking about. I know, I know what you talking about. Yeah. Yeah, I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. Remember because if somebody said something, if somebody said something about OCHO and somebody from Rel account like that tweet. Right. You like, hold on Rel you like that? Oh yeah. You got Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We, we had to have a, we had to have a little conversation. You see we, we be on, we'll be on Sister. Yeah. We'll be on, lemme know You like a tweet that they, they they, they talking reckless.


I hear about your boy. Yeah. And you like it that tweet. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got something you wanna tell me? Head coach ke Kevin Stefanski maintains that one in four Browns are sticking with Deshaun Watson as his starting quarterback. When asked, is there exclusively Stefanski decision to stick with Deshaun Watson? He said, I understand the question. As you guys know, I make decision for our football team, but I obviously consult with gm, Andrew Berry and I obviously talk to Andrew about everything we do. Right. I talk to ownership about everything we do.


That's how we operate Ocho Do you think this is Kevin Stefanski decision alone? No, absolutely not. You know, the decision is, is being made from upstairs. The decision is being made by the person in the position of power, regardless of what Stefanki wants to do. Jamis Winston is a, is a phenomenal quarterback. He's a phenomenal quarterback. I'm not, I'm not. I think if he was to go in it, it would be some of the offensive resurgence because of just what he bring to the table and who he is. But Efan doesn't have any power. No. I mean he, he knows that and he has to say all the right things. He has to say all the right things in front of camera.


I is this what he really wants to do? Probably not. But the owners and knows in the positions of power up upstairs that went and gave Deshaun the money, which in which they felt it was, it was gonna pay dividends. It just hasn't worked out, you know, for the better for them. Oh no. You have to stick with your quarterback. You Have to. They gave Ocho they added $90 million to the contract and he haven't even got to the extension that the Houston gave him the year before. Yeah. Right. That's added that when they didn't Have to. That's how bad, that's how bad they needed the quarterback. Huh. But they Know how bad they needed the quarterback and the, the great understanding. Think about, look at the commanders.


Look at the commanders. You get a quarterback, it changes your entire franchise around. They were four and 12 last year. Yep. Four. They got four wins Right now In one season, your entire franchise has changed around because of the quarterback play. Yep. Understanding what Deshaun Watson was his last year in Houston. The Cleveland Browns are looking, if you look at all the quarterbacks they've been through how many years of trying to find that guy? Well, hell it, I mean, you have to understand why they did what they did. Look how long they've been searching. You mean to tell me Deshaun Watson's available and based on what he was able to do and Houston with not that much talent around him when he was considered the top three quarterback at the time, you think we not going throw 20, 30 million guaranteed at him.


You Right. Well, we had never seen a quarterback at this age come to the market without a, a career threaten injury. We saw Drew Reed. We saw Peyton Manning, we said Tom Brady in year 20, but we had never seen a quarterback that was 24, 25 years of age. Right. Become a free agent. Become to the trade market because they're so valuable. Those guys just don't become available. Yeah. We've seen top players at every other position become available. Right. We've never seen that guy. I'm saying the court, I'm not saying Deshaun, but I'm saying the quarterback of his caliber at his age with no career in look. Yes. He's had two acls.


But ACLS is not career in career threatening. I think he tore his acl L his his first year actually his first, his rookie year because he toured in college and then he toured again in NFL. But we saw Drew Brees. Drew Brees had a career at, or, or what did many believe that was a career ending shoulder injury. Right. He was available. Peyton had a career ending Neck injury. Neck injury. Yeah. They thought that's why he was available. Tom Brady was in year 20. So we're talking about a guy that was what, 40, 40 plus years of age. So that's why they were able to become available. Right. But we had never seen nobody in their absolute prime 24, 25 years of age become available.


Right. So you are absolutely right. You're damn right. Teams. And there were several teams in the bid, right. But as the price, like well we need you to add some money. You know, Atlanta stepped out because he's from the Atlanta area. You grew up in Gainesville, which is about an hour away. I think maybe New Orleans. There were a couple of teams that was, but ended up Cleveland. The Browns are currently 30th and points scored and 32nd in total yards. Deshaun has completed 60.2% of its passes. 852 yards, five touchdowns, three inception while taking a league high 26 sacks. Deshaun is on praise to break the dubious record Mo sack in a seven in, in the season.


88 in 17 games that would break the record set by David Carr of the expansion. Houston, Texas Carr was sacked 76 times that year and it's been the record ever since. And we knew what it, and we know what that did to David Carr. Mentally Watson has lost 154 yards on his sack. If he continues at this current pace, he will finish the season having lost 524 yards on Sack. The record is 489 set by Randall Cunningham. Yeah. In 1986. Damn, man. That's, that's, I mean, I'm not surprised that he gets sacked a lot, Ocho.


I'm really not. Because if you go back and look at the most sack quarterbacks, they're the most mobile. Michael Vick, John Elway, Steve Young, Randall Cunningham, Deshaun Watson, quarterbacks of the mobile. 'cause guess what happens? They run away from one thing and run themselves into trouble on the other Side in something else. Yeah. Yeah. No you, that's funny how that works. 'cause you would think the non get sack more. You're right. Oh man. The Buffalo Bills are coming off the two worst games of the Joe Brady era. And Josh Allen had one of his worst games of his NFL career in week five against the Houston Texans going nine of 30 through the era.


Despite the struggles, the small losing streak offensive coordinator Joe Brady is a word. Even the fans are, we believe in who we are. We believe in this unit. We believe in the guy throwing the football is just not words, is belief. The sky hasn't fallen and now it's time for money moves presented by DraftKings. Despite their struggles, the bills still have the third best odds in the af to win the a FC. The chiefs are plus two 20. The Ravens are plus 300. The bills are plus 4 25 ahead of the Texans Who just beat them.


Ocho? Yeah. Do you believe the sky's falling on the bills? No. I wouldn't say the sky's falling. 'cause any, anytime you have a quarterback like Josh Allen, you always have a chance. You always have a chance. Now, if Josh Allen's Achilles heel has always been the turnovers. Yes. If You can minimize the turnovers and somewhat continue to facilitate the ball in this officer coordinator doesn't put him in harm's way to where he has to play Superman. If he has to put that cape on, mistakes are going to be made. If he has to put that cape on on and do everything himself, mistakes are gonna be made. It's gonna happen because that pressure, when you have pressure like that, it busts pipes.


Oh, Joe. It it, it, it busts pipes. So the players around him are gonna have to step up. Especially the receivers. They got to get Keon Coleman involved a little bit more. They got, they gotta get involved. Shakira will be back at some point. What? I'm not sure how long Sha secure is out, but they they gotta get, they gotta get involved. They have to, but they can't have him playing Superman. He can't be your savior. You, you are in Ocho you are in a tie ball game. Tie ball game. Yeah. You on your own one two yard line. Oh, that was horrible. Clock management. Why would you throw the ball three straight times and stop the clock? That was horrible. Clock management Run at least one time. But then you also gotta be careful, UNC you gotta be careful 'cause what's the first thing the defense think you're doing when you're on the one yard line running the ball?


Good. That way. I want time to go off the clock. You Ain't stop the clock. Safety. What happened? Quarterback, Quarterback on that safety quarter Quarterback sneak. Right. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. The one thing that you don't want to happen is stop the clock. Clock. Yeah. Because unless the guy unc coursees a 70 80 yarder ocho, he gonna get that ball at the 50. You get a first down with the way these kickers are kicking the ball now. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. That's a field goal. Yeah. Oh yeah. The bills are the only team Ocho, I want you to listen to this. The are the only team in the last 45 years to be tied or leading in the final minutes of a game inside their own five yard line to throw the ball three straight times.


That's, think about what I just said. The Buffalo bills are the only team in the last 45 years to be tied or leading in the final minute of the game inside their own five yard line and throw three straight passes. That's how ridiculous asinine. Utterly insane what they did. It's been 45 years. Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, you see what Joe Brady did you see what Joe Brady did? What'd he do? Josh Allen backed up all the way on the, on the one yard line throwing the ball three times would Have been shotgun.


Yeah. Even the shotgun. Yeah. That's what the goddamn bangals should have done when they had that goddamn ball in overtime when they got that ball back. Oh Yeah. Well that's what Yeah, but not on the, not on the not inside your own five. I I I'm just saying. But I mean that you, you see the difference. I mean, one situation, you run the ball three times another situation. Hell, you should have been in the gun doing what worked for you, the entirety of the game. But you just don't do it. I mean, yeah. I don't even feel like getting mad all over again about my bangles, but it's all good. The commander quarterback, Jayden Daniels has exceeded expectations to begin his rookie season, including those from his own teammate. Terry McClure talked about the quarterback's hot start with Albert Bri sand.


I did not anticipate him coming in and hitting the ground running like that. I played with a few quarterbacks and definitely a few rookies. Sometimes it takes some time to get comfortable in an NFL system, not just at practice. Then you go into the game, it's a different animal. What's what's always encouraged me about him is his ability to get better every day in practice when we would have a So-so practice the next day, he would not make, make making the same mistakes twice. Same thing in joint practices. Then you get into the game and you see him getting better each and every week. I think it's a testament to the experience that he had in college, but it's also his preparation. He puts in that dude works so hard, he's always prepared.


Yeah. And I I think it also has to do with where he came, where he came, what school he came, what school. He's coming from being, being under the big lights, being a LSU used to the large crowds coming from a a, a college team that is preparing you for the next level Anyway. So all you had to do was do just that. Hit the ground running based on everything you, you you've taken from there. Everything you've learned since your adolescence, since you've been playing quarterback. You come on to the NFL, you put the right people around you. If you are in the right situation, you get what you're getting from Jane Daniels at such an early age. Even as a, I mean such a early age. At such an early time, even as a rookie.


But he had 55 starts. So Joe, do you know how many starts that he is in college? Yeah. Yeah. That's a good thing. That's why he look Both time college quarterbacks. They red shirt play two years they gone. Yeah. That's why he look the Way, let's just say, let's just say if you play for the national championship, you're probably playing 14 to 15 games. Obviously he didn't play for the national championship. So he's playing basically he's been a starter every, every since he walked into college Yeah. To get that many starts. Yep. So it's extremely impressive. It goes to show you the work that he's put in Daniel's in completing 77.1% of his passes the highest among all sets, starting quarterback.


He set a single game rookie completion record during week. Washington's re three win over the Bengals connected on 91.3% of his throws. Young bull looked like he'd been there before. Man. That's, that's, that's the only way he does him and him and him and CJ Shroud. They look like they've been there before. They do. And if You can believe this, he's playing better than CJ did last year. 'cause CJ didn't pick up his play till like week three, week four, week five, this joker came out the gate On, on fire. Gerard Mayo had a noticeably different tone about his quarterback room after week five.


Right. Many have wondered if when he'll make the change from veteran quarterback Jacoby Bassett to rookie Drake May last week when Mayo was asked about the possibility of quarterback change, he said, Jacoby is a hundred percent our starter. Yeah. Today, he said every single day we're all being evaluated and it's no different. Now the Patriots have fallen a one in four on the season after dropping their fourth consecutive game on Sunday in the loss of Miami, the New England mustard, just 10 points while Jacob ETT completed 18 to 34 passes, 160 yards OCHO is a, in the words of Sam Cooke, is a change gonna come? I would hope not.


I would hope not. Because if, if Jacoby ETT can't get it done as a veteran, don't put your rookie quarterback out there. Don't put your rookie quarterback out there. Like things are gonna miraculously change just because he's at the helm. He's a rookie. He's a rookie for a reason. Now, CJ Shri different, Jay Daniels different. Understand what they have around them to make that offense go hell. If j if you, if you change some of the weaponry for Jacoby ett, I'm sure things will be different. You're one in four, you're one in for a reason, you're wanting for for a reason. And I don't think changing to a rookie as your quarterback ain't gonna change much anything, might let That man get some experience. Don't Joe, listen you I was just getting ready to say that now you might wanna stick him out there for the sake of getting him that experience.


But you know what happened with experience too. You know what that's gonna happen to him. But that you gonna take some bumps. Yeah. But like you say, you don't learn nothing from the bench. Yes. But one, one thing about it, if you gonna take those bumps, you gotta leave them in there. You got, you gotta, once you make that change. Oh yeah. Once you, once you, once you go to Drake mate back. Oh yeah. He, he quarterback he quarterback for the rest of year. Can't go back. You can't go back. I agree. I agree. The, Volume Extra.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.