
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for closets. Get filled with statement pieces and vintage V, or must have sneakers wait for you. And designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors open to stacks of the rear trading cars in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds To have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


The Volume, The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Tyron Taylor. Taylor has reportedly filed an eviction. Oh, Eviction Friend, Tre Michelle, hold on. Who is refusing to leave the house? He paid for the relationship, which ended a few months ago. Initially seemed amicable with Taylor buying a home for Drea. That's what, while they were together, the two report, the two reportedly had an agreement. Taylor would pay for the home, but Drea would rent it from him with plans to purchase it outright. Okay. Originally making her the new owner. However, the breakup threw a wrench into those plans. Shortly after parting ways, Dre moved on with NBA player, Jalen Green.


Oh, That's young boy from Houston. I with the Hey boy. He, he nasty with it too. Why? He's nice. The development seemed caused Taylor to renege on their agreement, igniting a contentious battle over the home. The situation escalated when Dre, who was out of town on a business trip, received a frantic call from her nanny saying that the sheriff's department had shown up at the home claiming they were there to, of course, an eviction notice. I Don't, I don't Know what was going on. I Don't know. But but listen, listen, you, you oh my boy. This is good. Huh? This is, this is good. This, this is a lot of stuff to unpack. But if we have an agreement right, while we're together and we break up now based on that agreement, you are supposed to be renting for me while we're together.


I got the place for you, but you're gonna rent for me until you're ready to purchase or buy at any point if we break up. Right. And I bought you that. I mean, wouldn't you wanna leave anyway and then, you know, no disrespect. You move on. We break up and you with somebody else and you have a child with that individual, but you get to be in the house that I paid for. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Not The house. And obviously That's, I'm Looking at it from my point, once you have a child from somebody else, right, then you become his responsibility. Anything I got going on, especially if my name is on that lease, if my name is on them deeds, then there should be no reason why you shouldn't want to exit that property anyway.


Well, I guess her, her argument is says I'm renting it from you with the thing is that I'm gonna purchase it. So whatever my circumstances I'll have for that. That's none of your, none of my who house Is a lie. Oh. So you back if somebody else on your legs, Once Somebody else in Your office and she gets pregnant, you are no longer my responsibility. Ojo. She wasn't asking asking you to be her responsibility. You gotta Get it out. She pulled up by the house. My name Mr. My, my name is on there. No, my, my, my name is on there. Ojo. You ain't gonna be getting out there o sha alone from somebody else. Have a child with him and then bringing the child under the roof that I come on.


Don't, don't, Hey, don't, don't Ocho Don't Do that Ocho She said we had a verbal agreement. Is is it on Paper that I was gonna rent the house? It's on paper. Sometimes verbal agreements are enforceable. Hey, you tripping. I Saying understand Ocho ocho. Yeah, Ocho. I'm trying to un ocho. I understand how difficult it is. Okay. We were together. I'm renting you the house. You let somebody else come up in the house that you and I shared that you renting. Put that thing on you. You have a child with them. And now you say, Hey everyth, you say everything is status quo.


I want to buy the house. I'm feeling some type of way. I do. I do want you, I'm feeling some type of way. But if I gave you my wife, man, Man, If I gave you I'm come God. You gave your, Hey don't you. Hey, don't piss me off over here tonight. Now, now I was crying. Listen, I was crying last night. Now you about to piss me off. I don't care if you, I don't care nothing by no word. You better take that motherfucker back. She get pregnant from, from somebody got damn mess living up in your shit. When somebody else child. Hell no. Hey. Oh hell. Oh hell, hell No. Do hell no. No. Ocho listen, I'm one. I'm, I'm everything. I love everybody. I give any and everybody grace.


But at some point you gotta draw the motherfucker. God forgive me for cursing. At some point you gotta draw the line because now you're taking advantage of me. Now you're taking advantage of me and my situation. You're taking advantage of knowing that I'm nice. No, come on man. Hell, hell, hell no. Hell. What you had? Wait, wait, wait. That's my place. My name was on the deed. You left somebody else in my stuff and then you let him, let his swimmers get up in there, get you pregnant, and then you wanna bring the baby from somebody else in the place. Oh, hell no, man. You got man, listen, it's bad.


Listen, it's bad enough man. You can do your thing. That's, that's one thing. You know, you, you, we break up, you leave you with somebody else and y'all doing your thing. That's cool. I ain't tripping on that. But my place Ocho Ocho bring The baby Ocho. But what should have happened Ocho what should have happened once they broke up? You got to go once you let her live there. And she, that's Called Grace now. That's the grace part. Not, that's the part of being graceful because there's somebody that you once cared about. That's the grace. That's the grace that Tyro Taylor was extending to Miss, miss, miss, miss Michelle.


You know what, I really cared about you and I loved you at one point, but things didn't work out, work out between us. But like, hey, but I'm not going. You over there Joke. I'm not going to leave you by the wayside. I'm gonna let you stay here. But now, whoa. Things turned, things turned. You had somebody, you had somebody park the motherfucking seat like Moses and gave you a child. You birth a child. So the situation has changed from that point on. Don't play with me. Don't take my kind weakness. So in other words, you mad because oh boy, put that baby gray on. What you mean? Why would you, why would you be mad? Y'all broken up. You're not mad at that point. But you take me With in the House.


No, stop playing. You said you, you said you didn't care. That old boy put that baby gravy. Go ahead and sell the house. It's his job to get you a house. Whatcha talking about He gonna get us that house. He gonna buy this house for me. Sell the house. He gonna buy that one. Now, Icho, you being paid that you don't wanna care the house. You just be NI You ain't ugly. Got question. Hold on, hold on. You ain't ugly. Ojo. If that's the case, yes. If he was gonna get the house, you would've got it by now. What? Be waiting on what? What you waiting on? Matter. He just got that new extension If they got living together?


No. Or my or He live there. He lived there. He in Houston playing. So when he come to la, shit, he be there. Damn That. Well, that's, that's crazy. See that, that's, that's Ocho that's, that's the only thing I'm saying. Yeah. I get what you're saying. Once we break up, you're gonna have to vacate the premises. That's all I'm saying. And now we don't run into this problem because it's not like you are expecting her not to have somebody. She's an attractive lady. So obviously she's gonna give somebody and where she gonna go? She can't always go to his place.


Right. She can't always go to the hotel. She gonna bring it, she comfortable enough to bring it back to her place. That's that's, that's my only argument is that once y'all broke up, you should said Drea, You have so initially right away go. Okay, you right, you're right. But again, yes. Look at the grace. Look, you know what? I once, I once loved you, you see how you see how they take your kindness and weakness. I once loved you, so I don't have no problem with you continuing to rent until you find a situation where you can move, move yourself out. What Tina say? What Tina Turner say? It never does. Love does. When it comes to me. Let, let me finish.


What even go who? When it comes to the other species, the gray species just wanted the great speech is one of the greatest, one of god's greatest gifts to not this earth, but to man as well. It's always conditional. It'll never ever be true love ever. I don't care what nobody say. It's always conditional. Fellas, remember that. Listen to me always. 'cause if if at any point you are unable to provide what she fell in love with, but things happen to change. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Tell tell em show about that love. Tell me, show that love. If you lose your ability to provide or you lose that job, see how long she stick by you.


All right. That's, but see that's the, that that's why I don't get ocho Well, we break up and we stay Well, I'm still, I'm still in the apartment because you, you yeah. You just asking for trouble down the road. That's all. That's all I'm saying. And, and I get it. And, and and, and I get you look right, you try to be generous. Yeah. You, you really do ocho and you're right. People will take kindness for that. And it's just that, I just felt that if that was the case, like once we break up, just go ahead and move on. I'm gonna move on. You move on and then everybody, everybody gonna be happy.


But once you let it go on and then you have people start coming in and out And just think about that though. Huh? That just like, like sit back and think about that. I'm giving you the grace to stay in my place even though we are broken up and my place with my name on the deeds. You move on. But you got somebody else in my shit. Like, logically think about that real quick. Yeah. But she said theoretically I'm paying you rent. I mean, if you paying rental apartment, you gonna let the landlord come down there and say you can't put no meat in nobody of it.


Hey, you putting gra you putting baby gravy on somebody, like I'm paying 3000, 4,000, whatever. I don't know. Look, I, I'm just speculating guys. I'm just throwing out a number. So I don't want people to say, well, you know, I'm just throwing out a number. You paid X amount of dollars. You are not gonna let, you are not gonna let the landlord tell you who you can and ha can't have over. So that, that's all I'm saying. I think for me, the mistake that was made is that when they broke up, they didn't really break up. They didn't, because you break up with two, you gotta separate because if you keep hanging around, you gonna have feelings involved. Right. Right. And some of that, that's how people get hurt. Just move. Just move on. Yeah. Make a clean break because, because I don't know if maybe they was like, Hey, we taking a break and there're gonna be some type point in time.


They'll reach some level of re Right, Right, Right. Conciliation. But here's the thing. The longer you go, because here's the thing. We start here ocho and as days pass, this here gets wider and wider. Now look what's in. Look at my hands get wider. Hey, that's there. Wait a wait, look. Go back a little bit. Go back, back, go back, go back. Right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there. See, see that, that, that, that small space area right there, that space right there when you're apart, that's the space I call consider your bitch fucked. Yeah. That, that, that, that little, that little small junction when you go from here, but right here. Yeah. That's, that's the space of consid your bitch.


Fuck. Excuse my language. Nah, ocho, she she ain't gonna do it like that though. No, no, no. I'm trying. Look, she'll wait a minute. I'm talking about, I ain't talking about No, I'm, No, I'm saying if she looked, well, I don't know how. Listen, because they did a great job. They get a drink, a great job of keeping it secret. I didn't know they had broken Up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, unc love is conditional. Unc you hear me now? You've got enough experience. Yeah. You got enough experience to know you got enough experience. I don't sit here and need to preach to you. You've been through, you be, you've been through it, you've been through a lot. You know, I, I've been through a lot. I I got experience. Absolutely.


This ain't my first rodeo. I done been around the box seven, 11 times. All right. I'm not here to preach and I'm not talking about my, my situation specifically, but I'm just saying in general for better context for the people that are watching in general. Like, I was born at night, not last night, you know, but you know, and it, it is. Lemme see how, how, how do you say it things, thing things, things are, things are, are good for the lack of better words or phrases to use.


Hey, you good? You, you, you good? Huh? Y'all been talking? Y'all been communicating. I don Long Mountain to climb. It might be worse than Mount Everest, but you know, like, you know the old man said, But Ed Edmund Hillary went up Mount Everest without the breathing apparatus that they have currently. Well, yeah, it can be done, But I got asthma. Hey, that's okay. I I played my whole career with exercise induced asthma. Yeah. Got inhale and everything. Hey that, hey, that, that was keep it, that was, Hey, I ain't know that that was guy. Damn. That was, that was a good topic.


Me, ocho I I look that that's, that's taking someone's kindness, weakness. Come on. A, it Feels I ocho for me at this Jones Jamma. I, I'll walk Away and just leave the house with your name on it. I would No, no, no, no, no, no, no Ocho no I'm not gonna leave the house. Pay me to say, hey, this is what, this is what the house is valued at. Give me that but hold on, hold up. Hang Anna. Now you gonna get, Hey, I'm gonna put the house up for sale. So where he supposed to go? When he come to la? He's My house. No, no, no, no, no, no. That ain't his house. He don't live there. He purchased that for her. He got the house. He see how, See how That understanding is man. He, he, Hey, in this economy, nobody buying you a house.


You know how hard it is to find an, excuse me. You know how hard it's to find a dude that's willing to buy a house and then let you keep it once y'all break off. Come on Now. You making my point. That should have been as soon as they broke up Ocho Man, you got, you got me, you got me in sweat. Gonna stay. Hey, I get it. What? Buying a house. I get it. Well, you can't, you can't even get dudes to get you a cup of coffee out here. You got a dude buying your whole house and you wanna please. It's tough man. Shh man. All right. Yeah. All okay.


Yeah. Okay, listen, I, I, hey listen, you know Babe, y'all done got my dog. Ocho heart y got my favorite about this Is always, always has been. I mean, Anderson High School, she's never yours. And just your turn that goes, that goes in all situations. Everyone has an expiration date no matter how long. No matter how I'm like, oh, oh, I'm so in love, man. Please, everything is over, Man. Ocho do I I ain't gonna let ocho me, I, I'm, I'm not trying to t you. I ain't, I ain't trying to t you, I'm trying to find, I'm, I'm trying to find you somebody because hey, listen, no matter what's happening, no matter what goes on, no matter what the hell I say on this bitch, February is still around the corner.


Hey. Yeah. Feb. I'm walking, I I'm walking down. I beat up somebody motherfucking aisle. You, you not, you not hearing me. Oh, the plane. Yeah. We going, Hey, we going, we going to New Orleans, but you be walking down the aisle of that, we going to New Orleans, both folk. Hey, hey, hey. You know what? That's the dial we gonna be walking down. I, I feel, I feel so good. I don't, I don't don't know what it is. Just, just life and, and everything is just, it's going so well. It's just, you know, been up little down little, little downs here and there. But the, the, the good outweighs the bad so much.


I can't even be upset. I I can't, I can't even be mad. Yeah. But like, I look like Ocho I think you and I are saying the same thing. I think, you know, they get the house, he gets her a house, he like, okay, I got this and you stay here. Yeah. You can rent the place from me and with the agreement and that and I, and that, and that's the thing. We're gonna go to court and see, this is why I hate courts because don't nobody, don't nobody get pleased, but the lawyers because you paying 500, 7 50, a thousand dollars, $1,500 an hour and them hours accumulating. Trust me. And somebody doesn't played a lot of damn lawyer fees over the last and a Half. It, it's bad when you get the system involved, man, you just wasting your money there.


And they, you know, because the lawyers that we deal with, they want, they want a quarter of a million retainer. Yeah. And they start building off that. And before you know it, they calling you, Hey, they sending emails. They need another one 50. They need another two 50. And before you know it, you at seven 50. And now guess what? Now you got investigators that they charging you $250 an hour. And so before you know it, Hey, in, in six months, oh yeah, a million dollars. But, but it's love. Huh? You see what love goes to, love Comes


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan. Face Bank. NA member FDIC.


Game on. Because ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


Paramount Plus is your home for the wait for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barer and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle, you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first. And in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything, knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


Someone tweeted one of my homeboys in a long distance relationship and his girl and his girlfriend told him she's not going to cook while visiting him 'cause she's a guest. So every time a woman cooks for a ma for me, I send him pics. He'd be mad as af LOL ocho. Someone responded, imagine leaving your city and traveling to spend time with your man only to spend it in the kitchen instead. And that's what people call dating in a long distance relationship. If you fly to see your man, you should cook for him when you visit. Should you? Yeah.


If that's, I ask you, so if, if you are in a relationship, should your girl fly to you and should she, I mean, should she offer or should she be Required? It is all, all for me. It's based on what I like. It's more, it's based on preference. So anybody that I've dated, you already know. I don't want you in the kitchen. I'm not, I'm not with that shit. I don't, I don't care about your cooking. I don't, I don't care about your culinary art of skills. I really don't care if you come to me. If you're flying to me, we going somewhere to eat. If I wanted to date, if I wanted to date a chef, yes, I would've dated a chef. If I wanted to marry a chef, I would've married a chef. Yeah. So that's a requirement that I've never had. I think a lot of men, maybe 90, 97% of men prefer a woman that cooks. They like that.


They like that prerequisite when it comes to choosing a woman. For me, that's never been my thing. I really don't care about that at, at all. So I, I understand dudes, dudes feeling the situation. But if I have somebody that I'm dating long distance and she's coming into town, I don't want the house anyway. I wanna be out. I Can't get a little kitchen. I don want to take you somewhere. I wanna go eat, I want you to go put that shit on. Yeah. You know, so I can see you dressed up all nights and stuff. Then we do what we need to do once we come back from our date at a restaurant. I don't want you, I don't want you slaving. If you traveling to me, you on a mini vacation anyway. Why got you working? Yeah, I agree with Joe. That's, that's me. I I've never, I I, I'm trying to think if someone has ever come to visit me in, in the kitchen.


No, that's not a prerequisite for me. If you can cook, that's, that's, that's a bonus. Right. But I don of deduct points if you can. Right, Right, right, right. You see what I'm saying? Don't joke that that's how I am. And I definitely don't expect for you to come a time zone of two or three times zones and you go, we go grocery shopping because you gonna cook. Nah, we gonna have a good time. We gonna go out to eat, we gonna go to the movies, we gonna do stuff like that. What I'm, whatever I'm capable of doing, that's what we're gonna do. But I, nah, I'm not, I'm not expecting her to cook if she come to me. Oh hell. Especially if you long distance too. Man. We finna get, we both finna get more. Listen, we finna put that shit on. We finna get outta the house and have a good time.


You hear me? Well, I'ma Hey listen, step I need you step, I'm gonna get probably black Dickies, I'ma black Dickies crease some thing down the middle with the starch. You know the starch I'm talking about. Right. The yellow Yellow? What you call what Niagara man? Yeah. Hey, you talking about get the Dicky, she gonna get the Dicky. That's what he talking about. Get wearing Dicky. That's what she going get. And plenty of it. I don't know what you talking about. Damn man. Please man, you must stop laying. Hey, you ain't gonna be in no kitchen because hey, soon as she hit the door. Yeah. Hey, she gonna shower. Boom, that's one.


Yeah, She gonna get dressed. We gonna go out to eat. Right, right, right. That's two. We go a before we go eat breakfast, that's three. Hold on, hold on. Talk. You done took in between this, in between this, this time. One, one last, like two of these. I don't wanna put The real Yeah. 36 hours. Hey, I need, boy, hey, send me y'all. Ain't you got, y'all got Amazon? Amazon account. Well send you boy some up thing. Yeah. Yeah. You never, Hey listen, you never, you never, you never got Spike come They for Damn.


Okay With that. I like, I like, I like Yeah, yeah, yeah. I ain't know that. I, yeah, but I mean, listen, I, I mean, I mean that's, that's just a, a lot of dudes like that too, man. Like a woman knowing how to cook is something that they use and they can hang over our head like a goddamn, like a, like a carrot and look, yeah. What happened? What happened? Hey Ocho, I ain't gonna lie to you Ocho. You take one. Yeah, about 20 minutes in Ocho. You ocho I'm telling. Hey then all of a sudden, hey get back from, hey, get back from eating.


Hey. Yeah man. Hey, well let Oh, Joe, before you go to breakfast. Yeah. Every, every time. Every time. Listen. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey man. Yeah, man, the trip's expensive. Either I lying down. You flying to me. You talking about 2000, 2,500. Where's she coming from after? Yeah man, I feel like, hey, I feel like, hey, I give that prison wood, you know somebody been locked up all the time. Yeah. AC no a yeah. Even though I'm a free man. Alright. All right. You gotta get the baby arm.


But I got you Ocho I got you. I got you. OCHO four people were arrested in an investigation by the ca, California Department of Insurance revealed that they allegedly used a life-sized bear costume to stage attacks on their vehicles. In attempt to secure six figure payouts, the suspects have been charged with insurance fraud and conspiracy. The alleged scam cost three insurance companies $141,839. In January. The suspect claimed that a bear had entered the 2010 Rolls Royce Ghost and caused interior damage while it was parked at Lake Arrowhead.


A region in San Bernardino mountains. Right. It's known for its large black bear population. The suspects provided a video of video footage of the alleged incident. The video shows yo fur figure the backside door climbing around in the backseat, crawling out, leaving scratch marks on the leather seats and the door. Upon further scrutiny of the video, the investigation determined the bear was actually a person and a bear costume official said de detective founds. Two more claims involving same suspects from the same date location, but involving different cars. A 2015 Mercedes GG 60 3:00 AM G, and 2022 Mercedes E three 50.


The department had a biologist from the ca ca, California Department of Fish and Wildlife Review. The alleged bear incident videos. Right. They opine is clearly a human and a bear suit. The Texas executed a search warrant and found the bear costume complete with, for a fur knotted head falls, metal tubes for the shape of claws and the suspect's hole ocho. Is that what we done resorted to Now ocho Hey, I'm trying to figure out what bed costume can you get that looks real enough to be, to even, to be able to even pull this off.


But Ocho help me understand. Hold Ocho, do you see the cars? They're messing up a Rolls Royce, But that's the only way to get the money. Huh? That's the only way to get the money. They talking about, you know, you, you ain't finna get no money if it's a goddamn Toyota. But you, but if, if, if you got those kind cars, you obviously got money, right? Yeah. To be able to do that. Yeah. But you know, frauders don't think about that. They don't, Frauders don't think about that. They, they, they just know in order to get the type of money in the, the in for the claims that we're doing a bear a bear. Come on. What you doing with that type of car anyway? And and driving it out there in that area That don't even make no sense.


So that's, you got a, a land or you got a a a what They got what they, A TA tundra, something like that. A pickup Truck. Any type of truck. You know, any type of truck. Yeah. SUV All Terrain. You ain't got no knife ass cars like that. I, I, I don't know. I guess, I guess Hold a bear in a Royce. He done scratch, he done got in the back seat and wrapped up the seats like that. Don't even make no sense. That don't even make no sense. And, and like, okay, do you got food in there? Because normally bears go into places where they can smell food. They can smell food. They got a keen sense of a keen sense of smell. That's why they tell you don't leave food in your car. Don't leave food. If you got a cabin, don't leave food. 'cause they coming to get it. Oh yeah, they coming.


Hey, that's, that's, Hey, that's funny. The audacity though. The audacity to be in a costume pretending to be a bear and having video footage of it. Like, wouldn't nobody be able to tell that you're really not a bear, you're a human in a costume. I haven't seen a bear costume real enough to fool the naked eye. I've never seen a bear costume real enough that a human can put on and wear that big as big as big as a black bear. Right? Yeah. Okay. They they, they, they actually not that big. They not That big. They they're not that big. But even still, you ain't fooling nobody. Come on now, Boy. People look here, man.


People been trying, people been hustling from the beginning of time. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They, they gonna find a way. That's one thing about Find a loophole, but still Stuff Like You hustler. But the problem is O Joe, a lot of times that they mess it up for people that really have claims and then the insurance companies like push back at 'em and, and, but Jack legs like this. But see they couldn't stop. You already got past it one time. But here you can say, you know what got past, what what's to stop us from doing it again? Yeah. I'm glad they caught their ass and, and, and punish 'em to the maximum of the extent of the law. So whatever the law allows you to do, if it's jail time and fine both BOA or both.


Yeah. Whatever it is, slap it to their ass. Hmm. Oh, Joe. Meeting on a dating app isn't a dilemma. Apparently Study published and the social science has determined that those who match on dating apps can have romances that are just as strong as those who meet in person. Researchers, researchers survey people about their relationship experience to determine if couples may impact the quality of their relationship. In the end, they discovered no significant differences based on whether the relationship were initiated online or face-to-face. Okay, bye. That's what, that's what I'm looking for. That what I'm talking about.


I better get on, hold on Ocho lemme ask you a question. Yeah. Online. Does porn hub count? Now? See, see, you can't be told, you can't be told by no porn hub. Man, You man, I ain't on no porn hub. I'm just No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I think they be like social apps, like dating apps. Yeah. Like what? What's that? What's that? What's that do Madison? What's that? What's Hey mbo. Tinder. What's the other one? Oh. Oh, I don't, I don't know. I don't know about them. Twitter. Instagrams. Twitter. Instagram. It Instagrams. Instagrams okay. Yeah. What, what a what a dating, I don't know nothing about no dating. Listen, hj Hige. I heard about Tin. Somebody say they met on h what does Hinge?


Hinge is a dating guy Right? Asking Me. I don why don't get me. Don't Put 'em up there. What? What's up today? Ab Ash Don't get me the lie. I don't know nothing. I don I I I've heard, I've heard about something Madison. That, that thing was, was, was, was hacked and all those names got released. So Hinge, tender Bumble? Mm Oh. Christian Mingle. I'm looking for farmers. Oh, farmers com farmers. Yeah. Hey, I'm looking for, you know, you know a deacon ass, you know what I'm saying? The mother of the church. The first lady. You looking for the first Lady? There it is. Oh, plenty of fish.


What's that one Ash that got if something Madison, was it Ashley Madison? Was that one? Ashley Madison. Well, all the like the, the the, the names got leaked or something. So got hat. Yep. Okay. And all the clients, all the clients info got exposed. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, oh, hinge, Tinder, Bumble farmers only.com. Plenty of fish. Ashley Madison. So what research has determined, whether you meet in person, church, gym, grocery store, it don't matter. Nightclub church, the relationship that happens online is potentially just as strong as those.


It d it, it, it doesn't matter where you meet, you know, PE people overthink. People analyze. Yeah. It doesn't matter where you meet people. It's all about connection. It's all about your wifi, you know, it's all about the chemistry. You know, most of the time when you're honest with the individuals, when you first meet them and you don't allow them to meet your representative and you're not scared to, to lose the opportunity by actually being yourself. That's a genuine connection. Huh? It's genuine. A lot of women, they date guys. Right. And the first thing they say, well you not the same man I met. Well obviously you didn't really meet who he really was in the beginning because he's presenting himself and being a representative of who he thinks you want him to be. That's why things change.


You know? It's, it's, it's, it's unfortunate. It's just the way life is. Dudes have to put on a certain facade to get to their end goal, whatever that may be. Because if you tell the truth and be exactly who you truly are, nine times outta 10, the woman ain't gonna give you a chance anyway unless you have a certain stature and status. That's just life. If she likes you enough, she'll lie to herself. My grandma always told me that, boy you ain't got to do too much. If she like you enough, she'll lie to herself. All those red fags, they look green. Just, just life. That's just life. And I'm, I'm not here, I'm not on here to preach. Not the night, but I know what I'm saying.


And just make sure y'all picking up. I got you. I think you were for it, bro. Yeah. I ain't Gonna lie. I ain't never been on a date. I had never been on an actual dating site now. Right. I'm still kinda old fashioned. I would prefer, but you know. Hey, in the day and time you gotta evolve. Mm. You gotta evolve ojo, Come on now. And You know, guess I gotta get back into the church ojo. Hold on, hold on. I mean, seems like every Bible I see now, Jordan, you see it on ig, you see it on Twitter.


God, first child of God. So I like that. Guess that's why I ain't met nobody. God, who is the head of my life man. Ocho old boy. Yeah. Yeah. I, that's what I'm saying. O' yo. Oh shit. Damn. Hold On. Can you see me? Hell nah, I can't see you. Y'all can barely see what spotlight on you. The damn one. I can't see you with no lights on. Hold on, hold on. I see teeth in change. I, I I locked the, I knocked the plug out.


Hold on. Oh sh hell, I thought you was escaped from the Bode plantation. Damn, I don't see nothing. Change the teeth. Okay. Yeah. Now I see. Yeah. There We go. There we go. I thought, I thought I heard a baby crying. Shit. I thought you trying to make a run for it. I thought, I thought Mr. Tom was looking for you. You done cut the lights off and made a break for it.


As We gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Face Bank. NA member FDIC.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mads and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism. In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


Paramount Plus is your home for Thera for Champions league. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash


live sports.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further, then the odometer can even handle you Start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible, whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


Yeah. Hot, fast food restaurant where men take women on the first date, dating news.com surveyed 3000 American Single, getting them to dish on their favorite budget friendly dating spots. The number one answer was Chick-fil-A with 16% of the daters choosing the chicken joint chicken as their go-to Fast Food Day spot, second place option on the first date. Simple Ice Cream treat. Dairy Queen. Third place came in a tie between Sonic Drive-in and Pizza Hut. I rock with Pizza Hut because I love some pizza. Hu I ain't gonna lie. We, my sister, we used to go, used to have, I think it was Tuesday night to have buffet style all you can eat pizza.


Right, right. Was like $5. So my sister would take my brother and I there. Ocho what about what you think about that? Chick-fil-A is the number one spot for budgetary friendly dating spots, right? Chick-fil-A was 16%. Second place option was Dairy Queen. Ice Cream. I love for Dairy Queen. That's all we had. All my hometown. And third was a tie between Sonic and Pizza Hut. I've never been to Sonic, but hey Rod Smith Foot he loves So he love, they got the like them like got like Slurpee or something. Don't got something like a Slurpee like ice. Okay. Yeah. Okay, okay. You know what I, I like it. I like it. Chick-fil-A it to me, I consider, I consider a new, a new trend. Everyone loves it.


If you, no matter where you live, if you go to Chick-fil-A, no matter where you go, Lucky he's not Slurpee. Hey Ashley, Get off my computer. Stop writing. Hey, the, the, the line is always around the corner at Chick-fil-A, always around the corner. So I understand that. People, people like, They got great service though, man. Yeah, they, they get boy, they get you up outta there, don't they? Yeah, they have them live. They have them people outside with them walking, talking along. How about I help you put your card in here. Woo Ocho boy. Hey, when I get fries hot. Listen, when it comes to, when it comes to, when it, yeah, when it comes to customer service, they, they, they are elite.


I never, yes, I could, I could be honest. I've never been to Chick-fil-A, but I've heard the stories. My, my kids go to Chick-fil-A. They told me I see the commercials, I see the funny videos on Instagrams and TikTok sometime. So I understand, I understand why They're probably number one for me. For me, you, you know how my routine has always been on first dates, you know, throughout my tenure and my years of, of, of my hand at dating, I, I always go to McDonald's. I always go to McDonald's and I normally order a number seven for those of you that eat McDonald's in the chat, the number seven is what the hell that is? Two cheeseburger. Two cheeseburger meal. And I just get that. I don't even order her nothing else because we already got two cheeseburgers. So we both split a cheeseburger, we got the fries and I get two straws we could drink from, we could, we could drink.


Ah, nah, I ain't drink Drink it behind nobody on no first date. Boy, you I, you lost all your mind. Wait, it's the First wet drink with no same club cook. Hey, that, that's romantic. That's romantic. Boy. This no lady in the tramp. That's what I'm finna say. Like late in the tramp, the spaghetti. You know you both, you both put this No, no, no. Pinky and Big O. No, See unc you not living man. You not living. You gotta, you gotta do excite. That's exciting. And then listen, when you take it right, you go to McDonald's, right? Boom. Then you take them to the executive palace. Not only on in the chat only. Yeah. Listen, you got, you got, when you find you a new one, when you go to Miami, take it to the executive.


Palace rooms ain't number $30. Man, I wish I would be On 30. Hey look, they got jacuzzis on, they got jacuzzi, they got the strobe light in there. They got the street. You probably have condoms floating on the water. Oh no, no, no, No, no. They clean very well now they clean very well. No, and that, that was, that's what I do on my first dates. Because listen, I can already listen. I can already do the five star restaurants. I can already do the nice five, you know, five star hotels. We know I can do that. I got money, I'm rich. But I wanna know, can you enjoy yourself at the lesser things in life. The things that I can go on, the places I used to go, you know, I know I can do all the good Stuff. I can't enjoy myself.


I'm looking around like this here, like, damn, what's about to come out from under this bed? Ooh, What? Nah, nah. Unc If they can't, if they listen unc, if they can't appreci, if they, if they can't appreciate I'm Talking about me, I ain't talking about them. Okay, Okay, okay. My bad. Okay, my bad. But I really think, I really think, you know, not only in, in saving money, but the two, the two straws, you know the, the splitting, the cheeseburgers. Oh, that's romantic man. Women never forget that. I don't want a damn Cheeseburger on no first date. All right man. Oh, okay. At least try at least try the Executive Palace in Miami. But I do like the Chick-fil-A, Chick-fil-A hook it up. They come in there. I want to go to the one store in Atlanta. Yeah. They're like, Mr. Sharp, what would you like?


I like, I like to get to number one with no pickle. Large waffle, fried lemonade like any sauces. Ketchup. Nope. Mr. Sharp. This will go meat in and out. Yeah. I like that. I like that simple. I like that A lot of other places they be, you know, half of your buy ketchup, bro. I got 40 nuggets. You gimme two sauces. What the so what So what I supposed to do? What's the other sauce? Spit? I, I, bro, what y'all hold Up to the sauce for? Can I get an extra napkin? They give you one napkin, don't you? There you go.


Don't even worry about it. Don't even worry about it. But y'all see Chick-fil-A Dairy Queen? I used to love Dairy Queen 'cause that was all we had in our hometown. And Sony Drive and a Pizza Hut. You know what Ocho I might do that and you know, I get, I'm gonna get me a pickup truck with that big seat. Right. Let my girl sit up front of me so I could be driving with my arm like this. Right. But listen to me. If you got that pickup truck, this would be perfect though. Check it out. Yeah, In Miami you got the man, ain't Nobody driving no damn pickup truck in Miami Ocho you can Rent one. Oh Lord. You got, listen, you gotta take a date. Listen to me. You gotta take it to the executive palace.


Get the room. You could pull in the room. It got a garage. It got a garage. Boom. You pull in, you get the key, you get the key pull in the garage, boom. Let the garage down. You walk upstairs, the lights, every, the, this and the room gonna be set. The jacuzzi gonna be warm already. The strove light gonna be gone. She could put on the show for you. 'cause they got a stripper pole in there. You hear me? Yeah. Put a strip pole in there. Y'all go to Chick-fil-A, get your little food, hit the room bomb after y'all do what y'all do, you know you shave the cover, then you can hit the Hard Rock Casino. Y'all gambler a little bit. I don't like to, I don't like to have nothing in my stomach. 'cause you know them sparks work better when you, you got an up your stomach because that blood go, ooh, Hey. You know what I'm saying? Hey, speaking of the sparks, I don't mean to know he got company washing.


Boy. I need, I need a couple of them things. I got you say no more. Yeah, I need a couple Because, you know what I'm saying? I don't like to eat, I don't like to drink because I don't like to me See you drink too much. I ain't gonna mess up no good dick pissing. This ain't gonna be, I'm gonna get you, I'm you getting all this. You ain't finna mess this no good wood up. Oh no. You get all this, all of it. So I Hey. Empty, empty stomach blood ain't had nothing in my system for like five, about, about four, five hours. Right, Right, right, right Down there. Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Osha be doing all the Trick. Yeah, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I need, I need, yeah, yeah, yeah. I need that. I need that. Hey Ocho, you done guy quiet?


I got that thing. The whole wide dissolving. Hey, I don be talking. Hey, she don't have no idea None. I, Hey, I I like that. Yeah. Hey Ojo. Hey. Hey. That's about, that's about 20 minutes on joke. Yeah, I got you.


I got, I got you. I got you. Send a thing Amazon, because I know Amazon. Next day, Ocho, a Mississippi teacher was fired after allegedly feeding students dog treats mistaken for bee jerky. At least eight children in Calhoun City High School. Yes. They got six consumed treats. Six. The district alerted the effect the children's parents of the situation, at least one child was taken to the doctor with a stomach ache. The incident reported, transpired during what was intended as a birthday celebration for a few students. Right. The local outlet continued. Hey, how did the teacher did that on purpose? Or did he mistakenly?


I'm I'm, I'm, I'm curious now. I mean, some of the dog food do be looking like, some of the dog food would be looking like real food. For real? Yeah. Like be, I know I, I eat beef jerky. I already know I beef jerky slim jams. I get pork RINs, pork skins. I'm, I, I I do all that. But I'm curious, how do you confuse the dog treats for the beef jerky? You know, unless it's something that you don't frequently eat. If it's something that you don't frequently eat, I can see where you make that mistake. They, they had to be, they had to be like small kids. I'm thinking they small kids. Right. Yeah. Gotta be, they ain't know no better. Yeah. And you know, you think the teacher deserved to be fired if it was an accident? Oh, that's tough.


That's tough. I I, you know, I That's a fireable offense. That's a fireable offense because the parents are going to be highly upset and they're gonna ask for your job. Yeah. They're gonna ask for your job. You have, you have to know better. Especially in, in that situation as a teacher, you have to know what you're feeding your kids. You got to, yeah. Because you're responsible. I Know what I've been. I don, I eat my dog food. I try what I eat my, I try my dog food. For real? Yeah. Damn. You know what I mean? Well, some of the things you eat based on where you from, that ain't, that ain't, that ain't even too farfetch. You, you for real. You playing? Yeah. No, I, I try, I always try it. Everything. Okay, okay, Okay. Yeah, I mean that's, listen, you eat raccoon and so I, you, I mean You've eaten worse.


Ocho Name one thing I eating worse outside of McDonald's. Cheeks. Cheeks. And I ain't talking about pig cheeks. I'm talking about booty cheeks. Can I tell you something? Yeah. Can I tell you something? Every like chicken, every, how how many, how many What? Taste like chicken. Who? Oh, cheek depends. It, it depends. Now if she not, if she don't take a shower, it's a little tart. But you can get, you can get by that. You can get by that, you know, just swir swirling your tongue around about, about one minute. You know. But if you take a shower then it's like, it's a little fruity. Especially depending on what kind of Yeah, depending on it. Depending on what kind of dove soaks he used a yo, I'm telling you a young, in 2025, you gotta start eating as we, and you need evolve.


You need to, it is like technology. You know, you Whoa. But, but that's the what I don't get. That's what I don't get. Y'all talking about old dog at the table and, and women. Y'all notorious. Yeah. Got that much tongue in the man booty. And y'all talking about my dog at the table guys. Y'all talking crazy. I Ain't say nothing about it's the same thing. Y'all toes, elbows, booty. Yeah. Yeah. All that. Y'all talking about my dog at the table On, hold on. There's one more area. There's one more area. You gotta look now what? Get you some ice. Right. Get you some crushed ice. Get the ice, crush it up and you lick the back of a kneecap. Huh? See that's, that's a sensitive area that, that area is really never, ever touched. Now this is what you do now.


You hear me? We touched by you start from the top. Huh? From the hoohaw. You start from the haw You go. Okay. Alright. New episode of Lincoln Lawyers on soon as she talk about linking up. Okay. Right there. Alright man. It is a good episode. I ain't seen this one before. I don know what you talking about O Joe. Listen, I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying. We gotta get some years in Ocho. Nah, you talking about you want the young girls. Oh man. Man listen. You better, you better evolve. You better, you better evolve man. I'm telling you. I give Him a couple. What if I give 'em a couple of dollars?


Nah man, you, you give 'em, you give 'em a couple. No, man. I'm telling you, you wanna stay around for a long time or a good time. Which one You want it for a long time. A good time because you can give About ocho but you can't opt ocho Ocho Yeah. Off the muscle. Everybody. Hey listen off. Wait, listen off. Listen. You got Your situation, your situation. You got one time. You got one time to make a lasting impression. To get that individual to keep on wanting to come back. When you go test drive a car, you have one time to drive that car and be like, you know what? Ain't no way in hell I'm leaving this car on this motherfucking lot.


It's the same thing when you meet somebody new boy, you better show the motherfucking fuck out. And sometimes you got to go the extra mile and do what everybody else is not doing and be like, you know what, I don't care nothing about the rest of my roster, but this one here. Oh, I ain't letting him go. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the times we in now. And you trying to do what you did back in the eighties in 2024. Ain't gonna keep them young ones. You trying to talk. Damn. I'm telling you, telling you. Listen, I, I got a whole menu. You hear me? Stay with me. I got a whole menu. You know what, lemme start real quick. 'cause before I put myself back in the dog house, don't worry about It. Yeah, that's right. You, you were doing good.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like, man, I ocho back. Ocho back. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I I joke back like, welcome back Carter. Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna keep it clean. I'm, I'm gonna leave. I'm gonna leave that. Ah, Man, Ocho, see Dang. You done broke my heart. I gotta do all that. What you damn. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it, it Why they just can't like me for me. Yeah. Yeah. Them like, like it, like it for me. That's back in junior high. Huh? They ain't know no better. Back in junior high elementary. What If I, what if I was the age? What if I was like 35? I still have to do that too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 'cause the, the younger you are, especially when you have, when you don't bring nothing to the table, nothing of value.


Then there are other things that have to make them actually want you. That's where the extracurricular comes in. You, you feel me? Well, hell, you can't pay my bills. Well, you can't do this. You can't take me nowhere. You can't take me shopping. You can't gimme no jewelry. You can't gimme no watch. But there has to be something about you that's special that no one else does. And most of the time that's where it coming at. Hmm. And you, you always wonder why the dudes that really ain't got no money or or don't really have much going on, always got all the motherfucking, you know who, Yeah. There you go. That's it. There, there, there you Go. Shannon. Don't o don't let Ocho lie to you. Some young ones are loyal. Especially if you eating everything from the root to the Tudor and taking care of us.


Let me find out. You looking for a little 30 something? You See what I'm talking about? See what I'm talking about? Did you Listen? But listen, listen to the key words. Us youngins are loyal, especially if you taking care of everything and you eating us, eating us from the ruler to the Tudor. So that's from head to toe. That's what ruler to the tutor means. Root from the tutor means from head to toe. That's front to back. That means detail. Like at the car wash. Yeah. Yeah. From front at the end. That's from top to bottom. We talking about east to west? Yeah. Yeah. North the south. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta touch everything. Every corner. They hit every wall in the house. Yeah. Put it on the ceiling fan. Put it on low.


Put it on low. Let her spin around You let her fall as you go around. You got the to out. You just, every time you a rock. Yeah. Just listen, listen. I would see the visual to give you a reference, but I'm not gonna do that. Okay. Because I'm just, I'm, I'm, I think I got it. I think I got it. Ocho I think I got it. I think I got it. Listen to me. I think I got it. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get you where you want to go. Yeah. Okay. I appreciate that. Appreciate that. Yeah. Yeah. The Volume. You, As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones.


Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Card issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, a member FDIC.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds To have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show a whip Around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today@greenlight.com slash Iheart greenlight.com/ Iheart.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.