
The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked Starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


S


Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday football. For details,


I'm partnering with PayPal this Black Friday. Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card? Earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah, tech. Don't just pay PayPal terms And limit supply C terms at paypal.com/rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho Kat Williams said he left career ending knockout blows out of his club Shehe interview Kat said he intentionally held back, leaving out all the knockout blows and left just jazz. That's Believable. I'm not sure how he knew, but both those of you, excuse me, that watched the Cowboy Williams video. You, if you think about everything he said and you able five seconds and go back and listen to all the said that were going to happen. And in, in the year. You notice everything did happen. I know how, I don't know how he knew. I don't know who he talks to or who, who, who. I mean what inside information he might have. But everything he said it came true.


Everything he said came true. So there's something, there's some truths to everything that he knows. And the fact that he's saying I held back a little bit. He probably has stuff on people and he just, he just used jabs instead of throwing that haymaker. He could've, I'm, I'm assuming he could've been the careers based on some of the things that he knows. They there, there, there, there's a possibility that you might hear the haymakers very, very soon. Uhoh. Uhoh. Well, it's One thing. Long as I ain't got, long as I ain't in there, I'm good. Long as I ain't in there. We good? Yeah, but he said he wrote it.


Yeah. I can tell you this. Yeah, he's been writing more material. I don't know where he get his information from, but he, he be spot on. He be spot on The de January the third. 2025 is right around the corner. What happened on January 3rd? That was the first edition of Kat Williams when it released. I may have my popcorn ready or redden barker too. Damn. Well they don't know why they upset that man down.


I don't know. I might not need that because you know a couple of male, they'll see the baby arm. I won't need to do no interview. A porn sign offers Iron Mike 250 K to show cheeks again. Ocho Ocho. Yeah. Would you show your buttocks for 250 K? Hey, you gotta understand I did amateur, I did amateur porn back in 97, 98. So you know, Sean, Sean, a little Sean, a little buttocks man that, that ain't nothing. That ain't that, that that ain't nothing. But I wouldn't be able to do it now with all that I have going on now, if I needed it, Put a comment in front of that too, in that five and I'll show you something else.


Hey, hey. The quarter gotta come out. Stop gonna think I've been drinking. I did have a function I had to 10 but I ain't been drinking it. I ain't been drinking. Hell no. What you say? You put a comment front the Five in front of that two five and Hell no. There's a very cool story coming outta Tennessee. Money Williams lit up the number 11 Tennessee on Wednesday night scoring 30 of Montana's.


57 point Wow. 57 points on eight or 15 and 4, 7 3. He was incredible off the court. Williams had a pretty rough year. He lost both of his parents since November and now he and his older sister are having to take care of his three younger siblings. Paul's beat Rider, Mike Williams, Mike Wilson posted Williams GoFundMe after the game and the donations have been pouring in from Tennessee. Fans looking to help Tennessee fans have been donating thousands of dollars and $128,651 have been raised with a goal of $150,000. That's dope. Wow. That's dope. That's, that's that's very dope. That's really dope.


I think that that, I'm not sure if that, that story in itself is, is has been made public or as far as globally, you know, statewide. But that can extend way over the $150,000 mark. Oh yeah, For sure. I'm Sure it will back way over the 150,000 mark very, very fast If the right outlets push that story. Yeah, Man, that's It is, it is. We gotta I'm gonna get his information. I'm gonna donate also 'cause we need to get that, that restaurant that the people walked out of. So make sure we have the team get that information so we can get, get them taken care of.


But that's an unbelievable story. My money bro. I am sorry. So sorry to hear about your, about your mom and your dad, but you and your sister stepping up and doing what your mom and dad would be so very proud of you doing, taking on the responsibility of your younger siblings. And I know that's a, that's a, that's a, that's a tall task. I mean, because you really haven't had an opportunity to grieve because you have to be a parent now and, you know, while you might want to grieve, you realize that you got three younger brothers and sisters. That's counting on you to be the fill-in parent now. Yeah. So bro, continue success. Keep your head up.


Unbelievable. Puts everything in perspective, lets you understand what's really, what's important and what's really, really, really, really important. And family is the most sacred thing and I'm glad the the Tennessee fans did are doing what they're doing. But let's go ahead and get that thing, get it up. Get that thing on up to couple of hundred thousand, maybe even half a million. So buddy, we got you bro. Ocho in Netflix's first live stream professional boxing event. Say man, 60 million households tuned in to watch Jake Paul face.


Mike Tyson, the 27-year-old Paul defeated Mike be a unanimous decision. Ocho what did you think about the fight? What Did I tell you was gonna happen man, I told you it was gonna come down to stamina and conditioning. Jake Paul won round two to eight, round one for people in the chat. Round one if you're paying attention. When Mike came out there and applied pressure and opened up and volume punched a little bit. Just a little bit. And he sh and he scanned the shit outta Jay. If you watch Rick go back and watch round one again. And Mike was actually Mike for a little bit, even a 58-year-old Mike made Jake Paul uncomfortable, uncomfortable.


He's not used to that. You can't train for that kind of, that kind of fighter. I don't care who you spar with. And how many rounds or hours of spar? No, you can't, no. After round one. I'm not sure why Mike stopped. I'm not sure why he stopped applying that pressure. He was scared. What you mean he got tired? The same reason when you running, when people running and they get tired and they stop walking, they start walking. Yeah. That's why you doing man, why you stop? I was tired. Yeah, you right, you right. Hey, he caught Jake with that left hook twice, I think maybe twice. He ain't throw the, he ain't throw the upper cut out once. He ain't throw the upper cut once. And then, then I seen there, there was some rounds in the later rounds where Jake hit him across the head and he, he was backing up.


He was biting on his, biting on, you know, he always keep Yeah, far high. It was just, it was, it was very uncomfortable for me. Yeah, it was, it was very uncomfortable for me to see Mike What expect To see Mike going backwards Unc to see him going backwards. Mike don't fight off his back foot on Mike. Come forward baby. It just listen, kudos to Jake. You know, kudos to Mike for getting in there and living out a dream, allowing his kids. I saw his, you know what he, what he wrote on Twitter on, excuse me, what he wrote on X about his kids being able to see him standing there against somebody, you know, 30, 20 something years younger or whatever, man. And I'm glad you were able to fulfill that, that dream or whatever it might have been, being able to get back in the ring after 22 years.


I salute you. But I mean, unc it it, it is what it is. It, it wasn't what I thought it would be. It wasn't what I thought it would be. I think Jake, he stepped off the gas a little bit in the later rounds. So he would knock Mike out if, I think if he wanted to, if he applied pressure, he could have knocked Mike out if he wanted to. He, but he didn't. So I mean, it, it was cool, but it, it wasn't what I thought, it wasn't what I thought it would be. I didn't get, I thought What, what I thought it would be. Yep. If you look at Mike, if you, if you look at Mike training and hitting the pads with, with, with that, with that, with that. These pads don't move that, that velocity. Yeah. Even the pads don't move. But listen, it is different.


I didn't but we didn't even get that. We didn't even get, we didn't even get that type of mic that coming up under like, I'm just, and just letting it go. I, that, that, that round one, I was like, oh shit boy, Mike for the killer. This mother. And then when round came that it was a rat. Oh, Joe, every, you know how it is man, you know, boxing. Yeah. You've gotta be well conditioned. Very, it is different. And because the thing is, it is not that you're just running, you're throwing punches. Yeah. So you using every part of your body, your arms, your back, your shoulders, your legs, your core gotta stay tight. You gotta be mentally focused.


'cause you don't know where punches are coming from. Coming From. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, sometimes you can get fatigue mentally that'll drain you. Yeah. Yeah. And they, you know, Mike, Mike, Mike Leg. I mean, I don't know what people was thinking. I, I I got exactly what I thought. Yeah. I saw a 58-year-old fighting His leg, Fighting, doing, doing a cardiovascular. I could see Ocho if it was like weightlift, like you got older, you got guys in their fifties that are still strong. But it doesn't, it doesn't require the the cardio. Right. The lactic threshold that it would require as a boxer. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know what people thought they were that thought they were going to get.


Yeah. Like, oh, Mike, Mike, Mike retired 22 years ago. Why? Because he didn't have Hey bud. Because he didn't have the desire. Hey, what you doing? Hey, his leg, Mike, his legs wasn't up, wasn't up underneath him either. They was, they they was done underneath him that first round though. That first round. Hey, he scared the shit outta Jake, bro. My legs be up under knees that First round head. I know. He think in his head like, whoa, whoa, whoa, Mike. What, what, what you doing Ocho? Huh? My legs be up under me for the first round. It's this, when they asked for that second and third one, I ain't got nothing for him. You know what I'm saying? Don't I? This six. Yeah.


Yeah. Matter of fact, speaking of, speaking of, speaking of boxing, I'm glad, I'm glad you brought, I'm, I'm glad you brought this up. There's Mme, it's called Misfit Boxing. You know, a bunch of, you know, content creators, YouTubers, and they have a misfit boxing. One of their fighters called me out today. Anthony. Anthony, pretty boy. Taylor. And he had make, can I make 175 pounds or can I make 180? And I told them I can make whatever you need me to make. So at some point in the future now I, I I'm might have to, I need my Nightcap trunks. I need my Nightcap roll, you know? And so I'm, I ain't put you in all that Nightcap gear so you can get knocked out. Hang on. And they see, they see, and all they gonna see is UNC and on your my face and your face on the Trump partner witness.


Hey, hey. One, hey. 1, 1, 1. Hey, I got you, man. Yeah, I got you baby. We good? We good. We good. We good. So I'm, I'm, I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna get that in the works too, so that, that'd be a good event for all. I tell Well, I tell you, I got a perfect person. You could fight. What? No, I'm fighting him. I want him. He called speed. You don't fight speed. Who speed. Who's that? The, you the content creator. YouTube guy. Nah, he too little. He too Little. Nah, he say he ready. Nah, I, he too little. I want, I want actual, I wanna fight a actual fighter saying He won. He say he won Floyd Mayweather. Come on man. I'm just, tell him what he told me. Yeah, I know he telling you. But sometimes people just be talking just to talk, thinking that's what they want. Everybody got a plan until they get punched in the mouth.


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times wire cutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fir. It's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the flocked starry light Frazier Fir is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean, they're already a circus. They Need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how ge Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there. Ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said there's a moon too. Hey, his sun's up here. You think they ain't gonna be his son? And then they're like, well, why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well, it's still the sun. It's Like, well your AllPro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see.


Just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing, an obsession for some of us. It's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and vintage pod where designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like, open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit Yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling or retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Good Sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable or organic cotton and moisture-wicking joa wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Be up. Hey Anthony. Anthony. Pretty boy. Taylor man, whenever, whenever you're ready, baby. Talk to me. Send the contract. They gotta make it Gotta make sense. It gotta make sense. And One thing about these hands, they fly baby and they do deliver. I ain't talking about Amazon, But, but see, I don't know if them hands been updated yet. Oh, They been updated. I ain't stopped training boxing yet. I've been the, the past four years. You gotta think I've been, I've been training now seriously. Taking it actually seriously since 2021. The problem is I ain't really had nobody to fight. I've been waiting on Andre Ward. Andre Ward running for me. He's scared. You know, I Think, I think that's what you call should fight. Who? Logan Paul should fight Andre Ward or Jake Paul should fight Andre Ward. No, No, no. You, why, why not? You gonna get the man hurt. Don't do that.


Get who hurt Jayden. What you mean he can't, he can't, he can't get in the ring with an experienced fighter of that magnitude. That's an elite, an elite fighter. It's, you talk About you wanna get in the ring with it. I beat, I beat Andre bald ass. I'm different. I'm a, I'm a I'm a fighter. I been Well, How about you fight Jake Paul then? Oh, how, What you mean? How easy? Get in there, put gloves on, put Trumps on boots and go to work. All right, cool. Tell Jake, tell Jake send me the contract. Matter of fact, oh, Lee, listen to this. Think about this right quick. Jake is from Cleveland, Ohio, right? Yes. Think about how big this would be. He's from Cleveland, Ohio. I played in Cincinnati.


We can have the mother fight right at Paycor Stadium. We could feel the whole stadium at Paycor, right? Boom. Netflix, what have you or whatnot. Battle. Battle of Ohio. Okay guys, I'm putting it right now. I'm gonna be looking for a new co-host when this fight Take I'm go applicants. Get your applications in, need to be versed in a lot of different topics. You can talk football, top basketball. I'm sure you can research things on track and field, things of that nature. Gotta be a spell too. Yeah, no, that's, that's your statement. We ain't doing, we not doing a spell anymore.


And, and culture related. Yeah. You need to know r and b, you need to know pop, you need this thing. Know things that's going on because Ocho fight Jake Paul or Eddie Andre Ward. Unfortunately, I feel I'm gonna have to have me a new partner. You Won't, you won't. You know, you know that's, that's gonna, that's gonna pay dividends for us. You know, as, as not only are we the best podcast there is. How Is it gonna be a, a dividend for us? If I gotta get a new partner? It ain't gonna be UNC and OCHO no more. Yeah, it is. Man. Listen. Come on man. No, no, I'm, I'm gonna be good. I'm gonna be good. You got, see, listen, think about, imagine me coming out, you walking me out. You know how they be having rappers walk em out. You walk out, you know, you and Ash walking me out, you know, I got my role.


How far is the rig? Because my knee bad. I can't walk that far, man. I be telling Jordan, man, hey, how far is this thing up here, man? He be talking about man right around the corner. I said, man, you should have got me one of those, one of those little carts. Hey, I, I think that that would be dope, man. Just think about it. Nightcap Ocho versus Andre Ward Oto versus Jake Paul. We might come out better in a wrestling match. Oh, I, no, no, no. I wanna, man, I'm, man, listen, God bless me with these hands for a reason. Now you people think my feet fast. You should see these things. Here go, huh?


You should see these things right here. Go. But anyway, okay, we, we back on, we back on, back on, back on. So, but I'm, look, first of all, I'm glad Matthew Lakes had this so they can get the kinks out because look, I don't think it's gonna be that many people watching football on Christmas, but it just goes to show you, I mean this, they ain't gonna have no 60 million people watching. I mean, maybe what what you thinking? 12, 14, 15 million? Yeah. Yeah. So it, it's, it's, Jake has done a hell of a job. Jake has done a hell of a job to be able to, to get that many people to tune in to a fight like that. Yeah. I mean, you think about people, they have like 70 something thousand in, at, at t Stadium. Oh yeah. You watch a 27-year-old fight.


A 58-year-old. Yeah. Yeah. Commendable, commendable. Jake. Very commendable. What you've been able to do over the past four or five years, commendable. Who do you think Jake should fight next? You? Yeah. Okay. Might as well. You know, you gotta deal with somebody that's much more athletic than you. Someone that's in shape, that has stamina, that has the footwork of a mother cheetah that can move, that can dodge. I can, I can fight on the inside. I can fight mid-range. I can fight from a distance. I could dance. You, I can hit you when I want to. Don't get in the pocket. Don't pocket, don't you? Huh? Get on your bike and just run around.


Don't, don't. No, no, no, No, no. I ain't getting on no bike. I mean, I ain't getting on no bike. I've been training. Listen. Huh? I've been training with goddamn boey in this and Mike Been training. Mike Tyson was training. Let me finish. My confidence is out the roof right now because of the people in the tutelage who I've been able to train with and absorb information from over the past four years. You hear me? Yo. I ain't listening. Hold your head up now. Hold your head up now. All right. Listen. When it, it happened. When it happened and the first thing you say when you, when we come on the show after that fight, the first thing you gonna say is, boy, you was right. You was right. I ain't know you had it like that.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I told you. I don't just be talking. Well, I, I hope that's the case. I hope Rel ain't rubbing your mouth like you fly. Wait, who Re He left me. She'll be there. I mean, something happened to you. She'll be back. She'll be back. She ain't gonna let you go out like that. She still care How, you know, Because she does. You don't, you don't, you don't be with somebody as long as you two have been together and then all of a sudden your feelings just go away in two weeks or three weeks or a month. She still care. I mean, just like, you still care and, and, and, you know, Hey, everybody tries to pull on a brave face.


I'm doing so good. But when you alone in your private moments, I know. Hey, everybody's going through it. Everybody's going through it. Been there, done that. I don't Even, even when you talk to them, I don't need, Hey, I was good before I met you. How you think I got this far? I didn't know you. I didn't know you until I was in my forties. So what did I do the first 40 years? Mm. Who you hang on the phone. Damn, babe, I miss you. I sure wish you come back. I'm sorry. That's what you say to yourself. You don't, you, you gotta stand, you gotta stand on that for a little while. Just like she, women say things that, Hey, I can do without you. You not the only this blah, blah, blah.


I get it. Get it. Everybody's been there. Yeah. It's, it is only one me. I don't give a fuck where you go. It still ain't gonna be me. You can go high, you can go low, you can go in the middle. But it's still me. It's only one me. It don't matter. It don't matter. It don't matter. Don't matter what you get. You still ain't gonna get this Shit. I, I, I still look, I think both of you guys realize, I think both of you guys are special. There's only one rail. There's only one. You, there's a reason why you guys got together, something brought you guys together. Yeah. You've had issues before. Maybe not to this magnitude, but hey, things happen. But at the end of the day, it's gonna be, it's going to take two people getting into a room together, two people having a conversation.


And whether or not this is something that you two really want, that's what it comes down to. One can't want it the other. And, and you either gotta go all in or, or not. But it's not easy. I know when you've been someone I've been in, in relationships where I've been there a long time and hey, and when it's fresh, whoever party, hey sometimes, hey, I messed up and try to flip it. I don't care. Leave. Damn baby. Please don't. I'm saying myself. Please don't lower that door. Hey, remember, remember that Martin episode when he tried to get mad? He said, Gina, leave. I don't care. Get Outta here. Don't get this stupid.


Nah, but I'm, I'm, I'm good. I'm good though. I'm good though. I'm good though though. Listen, it is. I got a singular focus right now. I got a singular focus And oh, it definitely helps when you have something that to occupy your time and you stay busy. Listen, my energy and my time is the, yeah. You know, it's the devote to inside the NFL. It's the devote to apple. It's the devote to Pepsi. It's the devote to all these things, all these, these blessings. When my cup is runeth over, that is my singular focus right now. Along it's devoted to draftings. I mean, I, I can keep going, you know, so I, I I, I gotta stay aligned, you know, and I gotta stay anointed, you know? 'cause the oil, God done put the oil on me, right?


You done put the oil on. Now he's blessed me in a way that I, I, I couldn't imagine. Did You realize rel was in your life when all these things happened? Come again, press Play. Rel was all in your life when everything that you just had happen. The apple, the draft kings, the Pepsi, the inside, the NFL, the desk, the, that, you know who's by your side, right? Okay. Ocho a man leaves his girlfriend ask, after she asked him to return the dog back to the she shelter ocho, what would you do? I would've left her two. Oh, that's like somebody telling you to, to take your dogs out the bed so we can sleep together. You got to go. There's certain things in life women have to understand.


Understand the man you're dealing with. Understand the non-negotiables when it comes to him. If you know he's a dog lover, if you know, thank you before you met him, that the dog came first. You don't tell him to take a dog back to a shelter thinking you come first. You never come first. Because when you leave, when you leave, the dog will always be there. Man's best friend will always be there. Accept him as you find it. Come on back. If he add dogs, why you expect that man to give up your, give up his dog. But you to some people, dogs are their kids. You don't want no man to ask. You say, well, what you going, what you going to do with your child? You gonna give your child to your parents? You gonna let him let, let his father have him or something?


No. Yeah. So, but you ask that man to return. No. Come man, get outta here. And, and listen. And you never, you never know what you gonna get with a woman too. With a woman you're dealing with. You never know. Because on Monday, Monday, she love you. On Wednesday, she don't feel the same way. She has mood swings. You know, one day she's up, one day she's down one day she's on the east. The other day she's on the west. When it comes to your dog, your dog is consistent. Monday through Sunday, your dog is going to show you affection. Any and every day, no matter what have you feeling, your dog will always be there for you. Loyal. Absolutely all time. No matter what you're going through on your good days, on your bad days, you get the same thing in return every day from your dog.


I Bet I look at pee talking about, oh, you let your dog get on the bed. I feel the same way. If you was on it, did somebody go ask me? You let her get on the bed? Yeah, man, please. My dogs ain't going nowhere. I spend too much money. Yeah. I care too much for 'em. I make sure they got the best care as I'm Yeah, But yeah, you ain't, you ain't gotta come. People make it seem like I put a gun to people head like, oh, you got a dog. You got a dog table. Ain't no force you to come in and eat. You ain't gotta be here. Yeah, you Can leave, huh? And don't let the door hit you with a good Lord. Spit. You too. Hey, I tell you like a Monday, you look better going to cum. That's what I tell him that my grandpa used.


Say, boy, you like a Monday. You look better going to cu Watch on hold on hold. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Yeah, that's a good one. I tell you like, you like a Monday, you look better cummin, You look better going than cumming. Better Going than cumming. Better Born Bernice Burgs. Is that how you say her name reveals that as a bartender in New York, her worst nights she made 30,000. She did that for three years. On her best night, she made 70,000 many on the internet are calling ka ocho. What do you think? Hold on, wait a minute. Wait a wait. Let me, let me, hold on.


Lemme take my glasses off. Hold on. That's my, that's my answer. That's my thoughts. Say that to me one more time. Say that to me. Say that to me one more time. These Burgs Virgos reveals that as a bartender in New York, on her worst nights, she made 30,000. And she did that for three years. On her best nights, she made 70,000 many on the internet are calling Ka. So on your, on your So 30,000 on in New York, I About 30,000 years, man.


Damn. And I, I know how much 70,000 is too. So Unc, I I'm, I'm thinking about her celebrity clientele, athletes, street dudes, dope boys, some of them very frivolous when it comes to money being as far as giving it. But the amount might be a little exaggerated. Now, poss it's possible that she made a ton of money. I think the numbers a little skewed a little bit because 70,000 a week. No, she said a night. One night, 30,001 night, not a week, one night.


Oh, just one night. One time She would work. It don't matter how many times she worked, but on her worst night, she made 30,000 a night. On her best night, she made 70. She did that for three years.


Attention, parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the flocked starry light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery For details.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof, eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and vintage spots. Where designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events looking nice. Abercrombie's latest job of party looks is taking me through the season for dinner with the fam drinks with the guys and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm mainly a jeans and t-shirt guy. But Abercrombie has to dress your fits that keep me comfortable. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Damn. Well I'm, I'm thinking about some of these scammers that some of these scammers and some of these athletes that, that spin the way they do in the club. It's almost believable almost. And hey, I mean, maybe that kind of money drinks wasn't the only thing she was bringing. Okay. I, I understand where you're going with it. I understand you, but I'm understanding them dudes that got money like that, especially it's money, money that don't belong to you. What they expect, what they expect to return. Oh, you know, you know, they expect from return. Okay, I'm don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. You know, they respect in return, but, but you know, especially, you know, you got the big, you got your big boy scammers. Yeah. You got the NBA players that you, they made goo gobs of money. You know how they spend, you know, how do you know how they spend? Yeah. They act a fool. They act a fool with it.


So I can, I can kind of believe it, but in, in, in like in a little bit of me says, come on, that it's a little look a little exaggerated. Hell, I I thought you was gonna stay on making like 10 bands. Hold on. If you're making that kind of money, what? I would still be doing it. If you're making that. I mean if, if, if like that Yeah, for sure. You don't walk away from nothing like that. You know how hard it is to make that in, in this economy. Hell, any economy. What the hell you mean? 35 or 70,000 a day? A night? How many, how many night? How many weeks? How many weeks a night is she working? I don't know how many nights a week she working. She didn't say. I mean, hey, I mean, how many, I mean, I would be working like three or four if I'm making 30,000 a night.


Yeah, but hey that, no, that's, that's o Hey, think about you was around, you probably weren't there. You weren't in the atmosphere. I'm not sure if anybody in the chat was around during those times. Like remember the BMF era? Yeah. And the stories. The story I was in when they Yeah, yeah. On how they hit the strip club. Yeah. If she was in that atmosphere. Okay, now that's believable. Now that's believable with the way them boys play Now I understand it now. Just, just a regular night. You know, your, your your regular clientele, you know, even if they, you know, they got money, but you know how much somebody has to spend in the club in order for you to make 70,000 or to make 30,000 a a night.


Yeah, I, I've seen, I mean, look, I think the most, I've probably seen somebody spending like Probably like 50 in a club, but that's between, that wasn't just for no one girl, Right? That's amongst Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you know, They normally, they normally tip, they normally tip, you know, they tip a hundred dollars, they tip $200 to the person who's bringing them to drinks. But man, that's a, I mean, to get to 30,000 to get to 70,000, don't you, You know how much that is in the club in cash. Come on now. Yes, I know. Come On now. I mean that, I know first of all in most if in ones so I know how much 50,000 in ones is.


Yeah. Can you imagine 70 or 10,000? 10,000 in ones? That's a lot of damn ones. Yeah man. Yeah. Imagine 30. Okay. Now imagine 70,000 in ones And it's like doing the math. How much you think that is a month? Like just, just add it up real quick. Let's say if it is 30,000, She did okay. She did say, let's just say I, I don't know. So we are gonna assume she's working one night a week. Let's just assume she's working one night a week. Okay. Okay. 70,000 times four. That's 2 80, 2 80 times 10. That's 2.8 million. Now you do five 60 on that.


Now that's 3 5 60, another five 60 on 2.8 is 3.56. 3.64. If she works one night a week for the entire year, she made $3.6 million. Do you believe that? Okay. That that's at 30, that's at 30,000, right? No, it's at 70,000 if we do 30,000. How much is that? That's 1.56. So if she did that for three, if she did that for three years, she walked out of there with almost $11 million. Hell no. I go here.


Go ahead man. See now when you do it, when you do it like that and you add it all up, come on man. I'm just saying Ocho I'm just saying. Hey, I, I, I will, I will say this, I will say this. In her, in in, in her defense, I think the numbers are exaggerated. But because of who she is, because of her clientele being as beautiful as she is, she made some good money. I will say that. But the numbers that it just, it just, it, it it. You wasn't bringing only drinks though to get that kinda money bar. Look here, come on now Ocho we not no dummy. Listen, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't got nothing to do with that. I ain't got nothing to do with that. I plead the fifth. I ain't got nothing to do with that part.


You know, I don't, I don't, I'm not a part of the night life now. I do hear the stories about what goes on in the night life. So I hear the story, you know, when I was playing, you know them boys tell me what they spinning. I hear the stories about people that go to club live, people that go to the starlets or with Scarlets, whatever it is, out, out, out, out, out there. I hear the stories. I've never experienced it. So it's hard for me to talk about it when I'm not in that, in that, in that lane. Never have been. But it just, it sounds, it's, it sounds exaggerated, but when you added it all up and it's totality to make that kind of money, 10 million tax free. IGI guarantee you, if you got, if you go, if you go to the strip club and you drop 20, 30, 40, 50,000, I guarantee you if you drop that on, on your check at home, she'll do everything them girls in the club do.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Man. That's, that's cra Yeah, them some that's some them some crazy numbers there boy. Huh? You not finna get my money and then take hey take that. Who ought to somebody else? Oh no. Oh. Oh no. That's come. Hey, that's coming up with me. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I might well gone home. Hey, I got 20 bands for you. Let do what it do. Yeah, All of it, everything paid anything goes. Yeah. I mean listen, if, if, if, if you did do it, that's, that's dope. That's raw as you know. I mean, I'm just saying. Oh, I ain't got no problem.


Hey yeah. Make your money. I, I, hey, I ain't here to judge nobody. I don't care what you do. Make your as, as long as you not, as long as you not harming anybody Good. You good. Ain't got nothing to do with what it does. What it does, what it does do is the fact that she did come out and say, you know, spoke on whatever, whatever platform she spoke on. It, it makes for a great topic. It makes for a great topic. It makes for a great discussion, you know. No, no, no disrespect. Yeah. But like I said, I, I don't, man, I, I at once upon a time Ocho I was like man, what I got to the point like I Shannon, that ain't your life. It don't cost you nothing. You ain't gotta pay no rent and ain't taking nothing off your table. I don't give, long as people ain't harming nobody Ocho I don't give a damn what they do.


Yeah. I don't care if a woman sleep with 50 guys in a date ain't got nothing to do with me. Damn. In a date. Hey, As a matter of fact, hell I be 51 What? Know what? Oh yeah, I told you. You got, you got, you gotta have 'em seasoned when they season it like that, it's good for you. What? I don't know about all that though. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You talking about falling off the bone. That thing sure enough falling off the bone. He's 51? Yeah. Oh. Joe Jalen Brown responds after Nike shaved him for Gianni childish comments after Gianni big night. Nike tweeted there's nothing childish about him. 59 for the Greek. Ooh.


See them brown posty. Y'all got weird energy. Oh, that's personal. Huh? It's very personal. What you mean? It's personal. It's personal. Hey, hey look at that. Hey look, hey, you know what he look like? What that He look like a chia pet. A brown chia pet. He just got bed. He was in the bed when I went upstairs earlier. He was in the bed asleep. He done came downstairs. Why you not sleeping? He could. He he could get, he could, he could, he could, he could walk upstairs. Oh yeah, he can go upstairs. He got a, he got a ladder to the bed. Oh. I I, I was going to say, 'cause I know his leg and his legs little. Yeah. Oh. He go up stairs.


Why you not in your room sleeping? I'll be, look, I didn't like what GNI did bro. Bro, we, Man, Hey, that, that was Funny. Funny. You groan. That was funny though. But you gro ocho. Okay. I, I guess I just, I just, I just don't, you know, go groan in that situation. Groan man. Play a childish game. Ocho, we played those games in, in elementary school. I know. You gotta you gotta keep the game fun. Huh? You gotta keep the game Fun, man. Ocho you a grown man. You can have fun without playing childish games. You grown. Look. Yeah, that's, Hey that, hey, that funny.


Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm surprised. Look, I'm not surprised. You know, Jalen Brown took it that way. He seemed like a more serious guy. Look, Nike knew the response they were gonna get. They, and I'm not surprised Jalen JD responded. You surprised? He responded? No. Nah. It is what it is. It was funny to me. Aren't you sleepy? The graphic went viral today. Ocho? Yeah. If you were to ejaculate, Oh, that Three minutes from doggy style, that's actually 21 minutes.


Right? Right. And dog minutes. That's me. That's me. We up, We up. That what I'm talking about. See y'all talking about talking about two minute, minute mainly. That's 21 minutes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That yeah. That's me City boy With it. City boy with it. Hey, hitting. Do you agree? What? Say it again. If you were to ejaculate from the doggy style position, that's actually 21 minutes and dog minutes. Okay. Like this? Yeah. Okay. In two minutes, Three minutes. Okay. Three. Okay. Okay. Listen, listen that, listen. Women that complain about a man coming that fast, especially three minutes.


Listen, that's a one round heavyweight fight. That's more than enough time to get yours. If you don't get yours when I get mine, then you fresh outta luck with me. I ain't got nothing to do with that. Get right here. I'm here argenx. Three minutes with these. Yeah. Ain't no three minutes with these. What's that? Huh? What's that? Got them sparks. Oh yeah. I need one of them on. Wait, Ask Boy, look here. Hey, Oh, I need one them If you want to get butter from a duck. Yeah. Huh. Matter of fact, I don't want the butter from butter from the duck uncle. I want the feathers too. I, I want the feathers too. But gimme send me some of them sparks. They right. Hey, they right here. Yeah. That the arm and hammer on them At making, do you Know that baking soda?


You see that arm and hammer? Yeah. Strong. Put that baby, put that baby arm on him. Yes sir. That thing hit the floor. Hit the table. Yeah. Good lord. I like it. I like it. Listen, I ain't, I ain't got nobody right now to, you know, to do, to do with. But I, I put them sparks on the shelf until that time come until that thing These right here. Yes. That Real deal. They the real deal. Yeah. Let me get my, I need my In 15 minutes. Yeah. Hey Yeah. Just a little, you know, little water, they help it dissolve a little quicker. Right, right, right, Right.


Matter of fact, I won't even use no water, But you wanna dissolve quicker because you want to hit the bloodstream. Okay. You want that thing to get that bloodstream quick? Yeah, Quick, fast. In a Hurry. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That what I'm talking about. Not Long. That's One thing. I, I'm, I'm gonna tell her, I'm gonna tell her, listen, I'm here, I'm, I'm here. I'm not here for a long time. I'm here for a good time. That's it. Oh. You gonna be there for a minute. I baby, I hope had a snicker it be Hmm.


Damn boy. You got, you got, you got me reminiscing, man. Shit, boy. Dang Dd I'm telling you. Hey, I gave, I gave, I passed a couple along, you know, and homeboy. Hey whoa, whoa. Yeah, They said these for my pain not choice. Right. So, hey Dang. If somebody, if somebody gonna have that car, bumper, wood, it gonna be me. Right, right. I wish there somebody could tell you, but you know what, I send 'em the link. Go and fill out the questionnaire, see if they can help you out, Okay? Okay. Yeah. I'm Imma yeah, I'm contact, lemme Give you a description. O Joe Rose, sparks de dissolves under your tongue and the results.


I mean, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Plus they lance up to 36 hours. 36. Shit. It still like that. Hey, like he ain't, he like superman when he, when he flying, huh? Yeah, that's it. Ocho And, and you like Superman, Ocho these thing. Right. I'm telling you, I put one on them Ocho, you know I go to the bathroom, you know. Right. I come back, she looking all up on the bed. She walking all through the house. Yeah. Like, girl, what's wrong with you? She said hell, who helped you? There ain't no way. One man did all this by himself. I said, baby, ain't nobody here. I said, all do no Amtrak.


That's just me baby. That's just me and old rope. That's it. I, I swear. I swear that girl was looking all up under the bed. My closet. What are you looking for? You saying help you, Hey, damn, eh, please. The Volume. Oh man.


Nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chews right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side. Use as directed.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joah wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.