
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the first time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Xavier Legett bought brought raccoon to the locker room for everyone to try. I listen and I I, I said I've never seen it like that. The way my grandmother and everybody that I know that, that I've ever seen prepare raccoon. Normally they cut him up, they get a nice medium sized raccoon. You don't want him too big because you know, but look, you gonna put him in vinegar anyway and soak him overnight. But anyway, so you gonna chop him up. You gonna get you a pan with aluminum four, y'all call it ten four, we call it aluminum four. And you cut him up ojo, you get your bell pepper, you get your onion, you get you some celery, you put him down in there. Hey, okay, you put that tenfold over the top of him and you let him stand that oven for an hour or so.


Probably about an hour, about 90 minutes. Let him bake. Now you wanna put some barbecue sauce on him? Put that barbecue sauce on him. Slap his ass back in that oven for about another 15 minutes. Now you got some, I've never seen it like that with rice. I've never seen, I'm not saying you can't prepare it like that, but growing up and I've seen a lot of people prepare it. I've never seen it prepared like that. Now that's a si. Maybe that's a South Carolina thing, right? Maybe that's specific to that region, you know? But I've never seen it like that. Now with squirrel, I've seen it. Squirrel fried. Smother fried. I've never seen squirrel baked. I've only seen it fried and smother. Fried raccoon. I've only seen it baked.


I've never seen it like chicken or rice. Right? It's almost like, 'cause it looked like it was, he had it with rice now. But I've never seen it like that. I'm not saying you can't eat it like that, but my grandmother, all the times I saw my grandmother prepared, my great-grandmother prepared. My aunts prepared, my sister prepared. I've never seen it prepared like that. Now I don't, I'm not saying I wouldn't eat it. I'll try it just to see what it tastes like. But I know the way that I've eaten it growing up, I like that way better. I could already tell, but that doesn't mean it's al it, it almost looked like Booty. Oh, okay, okay, okay. You got, you gotta pronounce that out.


BI you Up. So I boan. Okay. Nah, hell nah. Nah. So, but hey, hey, like I say, it's been a while, but I tried. I mean I done tried, you know, look guys, you have to understand when you grow up and, and, and I think his situation is kind of similar to mine. He probably didn't have a whole lot guys, you not getting no ribs. You not getting No, I was just talking to my sister the other night, Ocho, we got fried chicken on sun on Sunday. That's the only time I've ever eaten fried chicken. I've never had fried chicken on a Monday or two. Now if it was left over, my grandmother was gonna smother fry. You gonna get that fly with water and, and make gra and, and smother fry it.


But on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, I never had fried chicken on those days unless you got it from a, like the hen house. That was the place after I had graduated and went off to college, they had what they call a crispy chick. But as far as eating at home, we didn't get that. You got chitlins. You got raccoons. Somebody come by. Hey boys, y'all want a raccoon. All they wanted was the hide the fur. So they'd already have the raccoon cased out or That's what they call it when they take the hide off. Ocho had him bust down, but it make you leave a foot on him. So you could tell that's not a puppy, that's a raccoon. So he would already, he would already be dressed by the time you get him.


That's what they call it when they gutting him. Take the head off, take the off they call and they have, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right, right, right. When they've, when they've already got the hide off him, they take the, they take the hide off him because that's the only, that's really the only valuable part that the hunt, the trappers want. Because they trap them. You trap 'em or you get dogs to go hunt 'em and trim 'em. So you had a black and tan, you had red bones, you have blue ticks, you have blood house, you had a, a tree and walker. You had dogs that go hunt. And so you turn the dogs loose and after while you hear them, Yeah, They got some trees.


Now you go a, you get your rifle because you couldn't shoot 'em with a shotgun 'cause you messed the hide up. So what you want is a 22 rifle, small caliber hit, hit him in his head. Boom. You don't pun puncture a fur. The hide. So that's now a squirrel. Ain't no value. Ain't no value in the squirrel hide. So you ain't raccoon, I mean excuse a squirrel. You use shotgun a 4, 10, 12 gauge 10, whatever the case may be. You get that, you know you hurt quail, you know you use birdshot something that spray. Right. Because, because once you hit a flock of them, they gonna scare the hell at you. But they gone. So you gotta, you gotta, you gonna turn fire.


So you want shots that spread. Now if you hunting deer, you use a shotgun, but you going to use, you know, you might use a slug hold on. Or you might use buckshot. How you gonna use The shotgun out on a deer? You gotta, you how close you gotta get for that to hit. Oh That's right's. Right. A lot of times people hop from stand. Okay, so you up, you up at a tree stand. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or you use a 30, 30, 36, you know you use. Right. You know how to do You know how to do the process of Now the process It takes. My brother can, no, I, I was young, my brother, my brother watching my uncles do it. And so he would go hunting and, and he'd do it.


He'd kill a cool, he'd come and case him by himself. Yeah. He could do it. Oh yeah. My bro, my brother, my brother killed a deer. A eight point buck. Yeah. With a single, with a, with a single shot rifle. He came home, he came home running. He was huffing and puffing. My uncle didn't believe him. He said, he said, James, I killed a deer. He said, man, you, he said, what you kill it with? He had, he had a single shot rifle. My uncle said, bro, you ain't killed no deer. He said, come on, let me show you. Went back there, man. We caught, hell dragon our deer out of there and they probably weighed, you know. Ooh, that's a big boy. Yeah, 150 pounds. That's a Big boy. Yeah.


But but that's what ocho, you ate those things when you got hog. The somebody might come home and they like, Mary, we got So they bring you the feet. They bring you the tail. They bring you the head now. Oh, you thought you were gonna get the ribs, you thought you were gonna get the shoulder right. You got the hog mo, you got the chitlins, you got the heart, you got the liver, you got the feet, you got the tail, you got the head, you cut the ears off and you can make piggy sandwiches. That's what you got right with the cow. You got the tail. You got the tongue. It wasn't getting no good cuts of meat.


So what y'all thought we was gonna eat now think about oxtail, oxtails or delicacy? No, no. People wouldn't eat oxtails like that back in the day. Not, not our counterparts. They eat it now. Well you know you can, you can't be, you can you try to go into, you try to go into the order up all the oxtails. Stop playing. Yeah, I know how expensive they off stop playing. But that's what you ate. But that's what you ate growing up. So you ate alligator. I don't know you alligator turtle. They look like they got, they got a, the got a tail like a little alligator and they got the ridge on the back.


So we, hey we catch 'em as big as a number 10, a number two wash. Right. We call it wash tub. Some people call 'em 10 tubs. It all depends on where you grew up at. But if you're in the south, you know exactly what I'm talking about. A number two wash tub or 10 tub. As big as that is the bottom. You're talking about something like 8 85 even a hundred pounds. Oh we coming. Oh you coming home. My gran was gonna cook you for sure. Even the softshell turtles with the, like I said, if you're from the south, you know exactly what I'm talking about. But, oh yeah. I don't know what y'all thought we was going eat. You ate possum, you ate raccoon. I had a great uncle. He ate armadillo. I, I draw the line. But see that's why I draw the line now Ocho, I mean I got some problem.


Yeah, sometimes you just gotta say no. Hey like ka, sometimes you gotta tell him no. What's wrong now I tell you this ocho, now you talking about some pretty white meat a possum. Right. Got some of the prettiest white meat you see when you get him dressed. But hey, the old folks eat Tim up. You think somebody snapping his, hey you think somebody's snapping their finger? That's milk popping. That Whatcha Gonna do. Listen, if those My circumstances Were like that, like you then I wouldn't have no choice. But he did. I would be used to it. But the fact that I didn't grow up like that, the chances of me, hey even now just to say I'm eating it.


No that ain't that. That ain't happen. That ain't happening. Hey lemme tell you what my grandpa lemme tell you. Hey, my grandma ain't really telling what we eating. My grandma just on the table. You ain't gotta eat, you ain't, you ain't gotta eat it. Do Hey Grant, I don't want this. Okay do without. Yeah Mayor party say do without, there are people cross the river. That's what what they say cross the river that be overseas. They ain't got nothing to eat. Girl. Hey chicken, you got the neck, you ate everything on the chicken. Don yourself the first and the last part to get on the fence. The beef in the butt. You ain't eating the beef and that. But some people eat that little fatty part. If you're from the south again, you know what I'm talking about. That little fatty part like right there.


People eat that right there. But you got the back, you ate the back. There ain't nothing chicken necks. You ate the gillards, you ate the livers. I be, everybody want the breast in the wing. Ooh, no, no, no, no, no, no. You better get them next in them back and get on up outta here. What, what. But I, I, but I would, to make a long story short, ocho I definitely would try that raccoon. I would try it that way 'cause I've never had it that way. It'd be interesting to taste. But I know my sister had that thing to age that put that thing in that pan with them onion and celery and bell pepper.


Chop cover that thing up that fall over. Now you Got hype. Now you, you talking about, you talking about, you talking about that guy that you just mentioned Oxtail. I'm thinking about oxtail now I'm thinking about two of 'em. Are two of 'em my favorite. Real, I got some, I got some in the freezer right now It's, it's too, Yeah, I got me a mess up in the, I'm talking about the old big look sometimes. Sometimes you gotta go to the butcher because if the butcher, they'll cut it like you want it. They be get, sometimes you go to the store they get them little one thing. No, no, no. I like fist. I don't say like a fist. See I don't see, you don't come to my office, Right? Yeah man. Remember can you come Kayvon Webster? Kayvon Webster played for the bro. Yeah. Yeah. Kon got a spot out here, right?


Yeah. A real nice spot. Real nice spot called Smith and Webster. Yeah. Now when I go to Smith Webster, I get the goddamn oxtail. Okay. Look like a goddamn fist. Yeah, there's another spot. My homeboy out there in the city. Man, listen, he sell a goddamn oxtail. What do got what? You hear me? Hey, called I crave. Ooh you can get, Hey listen you got man, listen, you can get I love me some ribs, Oxtail and the gr you get the shrimp, you get the, you get get the waffle, you get the pancake, you get the chicken wings. Listen, I love some gr man. If I go somewhere, if I go somewhere, I'm trying to find, they got some grits.


I, man, I love Mr. Gr Ocho. Now if I go to a soul food restaurant, I'm looking up there, if they got oxtail, I'm probably gonna get oxtail. But if they got neck bones, I'm probably gonna try the neck bone. If they got pork chop fried or smother fried, I'm gonna get those Turkey wings. Okay. How you got the Turkey? I'm gonna get that. You got some dressing Probably go get that too. I like to go out. Right. And I might not have but a bite or two bites of, but I want to try it all. Yeah. Hey listen. Oh man guys, that's how I am. Now you got that's what I'm, that's in the morning. That's what I'm going. So you, you done, you done, you done amp me up. I'm going, I'm going in the morning. Yeah. I'm gonna give you some ox sales and grs in the morning. Yeah. Hey I love, I love some gr, gr and eggs baker.


Woo ocho. Check this out. Scientists predict women will be having more sex with robots than me by 20. I I sure won't. I won't know nothing about it. I be in the upper room, I won't know nothing about it. I, a thing about it ain't sense be lying to you. And besides, by the time I get that age, it won't work won. But that's the only way I'm gonna quit 2050. I ain't gonna quit till they quit In 2050. It all depends. What you, what you 44 now? Are you 46 now? Oh shit. So you add 25 years to that hotel.


That's, you gonna be 71. I'm still be up. What? Yeah. Knocking, knocking them. I knocking her down. Excuse me, Osha, Hey boy, we had a good run. Hey, all I gonna do is argue because at that point in time what I be, you know, hey I'll be, yeah, Yeah. 25 I'll be 81. So at that point in time Be good. 81 Ain't memories. Oh yeah. It's Ain't ain't going on.


I don't, I don't even know a row. I know a row could help me by then. I dunno. Your boy by the end, You have to understand the, the advancement in technologies to help men in that, in that specific area will probably, will probably be, I mean the iv I did that thing to go right into my vein. Hey, we we gonna, we gonna be all Alright come on OI be in that wheelchair. OI be in. Come here, come on, come on, come on.


My, my daughter gonna have to come get there. Gonna say, call my daughter and say, you gonna have to come get your father. Hey, for my kid, my kid better not put me in no home. They better not put me in home. Hey listen, they, they they put me at home when I, when I get home. Don't want but whoever in whoever in that, whoever in that home And that, that what? Not not hospice. Hospice. No, No, no. It's, it's assisted, assisted living Facility runs everything in that bitch boy. Everything. That's what I'm telling. They gonna have to come get. Hey you have come get your daddy. Shit.


Now it's time for Rough Draft Christmas Movies. Whoa. Christmas Movies. Yeah. Oh you finna, Oh Joe, you go first. Oh, You listen, you finna lose this. And I'm starting off with the greatest movie of all time. Right when it comes to Christmas. Yeah. I'm starting off with Home Alone. So it's over. Oh Man, It's over. And watch what, watch what they hit you with next. Okay. Too. I'm, yeah. Hey, ain't no more home alone too. If Home Alone you done. I'm going, I'm going die hard. Okay. That now that's a good one. Now I went home alone. I'm gonna go with something a little bit more serious depending for the older crowd.


I'm going with the preacher's wife for number two. Oh, that's what I was about to go with. No, no you wasn't. No you wasn't. No you wasn't. Yes I was. So you've been prepared for this too. Ash sprung this on me. You lost. Lost. Now you might as well hang it up. Oh, I'm gonna go el with Will Ferrell. Oh my goodness. You definitely finna lose now. Hey, the Grinch who stole Christmas with Jim Carrey the Greatest. Yes. Let's go. It's over. You done lost. You done lost.


Oh my goodness. How you doing Monique? Hey Monique. I know you watching Hope all is well. I love you. Mm. You struggling over there, huh? I am. You know what f it? I gotta go animation. I'm going Frozen. Yeah. What he got home alone Preacher's wife and the Grinch. I'm, I'm, I'm stuck. Matter of fact, and I got another one for you. Hey chat. Tell me y'all remember this one and if you, if you don't remember, please do me a favor. After we finished Nightcap, please go and watch the Christmas story.


All the little kid wanted was a BB gun story. He just wanted his BB gun. That's it. Huh? I guess I gotta go Polar Express. What? Just 'cause you ain't seen the movie, don't you? That don't mean it ain't good. I mean, but listen, last one I'm going with. This is the last one, right? Yes. I'm a, I'm for, for a few laughs. I'm going with National Lampoons. I'm going with National Lampoons Vacation. Yeah, that's what I'm going with. I'm going with Angelina. Angelina Jolie's, ex-husband Billy Bob Thornton. Bass Santa.


Nah, you, you done lost. I got one more. Is that it? You can do Honorable mention. We'll go a couple mention. Okay. Honorable mention Best Man Holiday. You, you might as well. You shouldn't even showed up to the battle. I like mine. You like you ain't got no fun. You ain't got no funny what's in there. National Lampoon what you, It ain't better than, it ain't better than L or Bad Santa. So all you wanna do is laugh all day.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and Overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs


Ready for a new year health and fitness breakthrough that will blow your frigging mind. I'm Carl, co-founder of Body that's Body With An Eye. And this is the Body BOGO Sale right now. If you sign up for a one year subscription to Body, I'll pay for your entire second year. That's 78% off our monthly price and our Best Deal ever. Look, it's not easy to get fit and lose weight, especially if you want healthy results. At Body, we make it simple to reverse years of unhealthy habits. We have over 130 structured programs like four beginners only 21 Day Fix, P 90 X and Insanity. Our app also has complete eating plans and thousands of healthy, delicious recipes. Let's take the guesswork out of getting you fast results. The next 500 people who sign up for a year of body get a full second year free. It's time to love your body. Just go to body.com. That's BOD i.com.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every Day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our Business Week buying power column. Very Few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya And I met through hockey and now we're married and mom to two awesome toddlers. And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children, and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms who Puck a production of iHeart women's sports and deep blue sports and entertainment on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


But I want my grandfather to be alive to just so he could see what me and my brother became. That's it. Obviously my dad, my, my dad. I didn't, my dad was, wasn't around. He would call and people after ask, why you don't really talk about your dad? I said like, I love my dad. Hell, I named my son after my dad. And I know my dad. My dad loved me, my brother, my sister. But I think my dad was embarrassed because I don't think he became what he thought he could become.


And he thought that we would be embarrassed of him. My dad drank a lot and my dad died at the age of 39. And he had brothers that two of them didn't make it to, they barely, if they made it to 50, they barely made it to 50. And so I think for me to see, I I, I would, I would wanna take my dad to the game because he wasn't a part of that, that celebration. But I would want my dad to go to a game. Yeah. I would like for him to go to a game when I became the player that I became ocho. Even though that's not a family moment. I would like for him to go to a game and be on the sidelines.


Yeah. To see his son, his baby boy who looks, I look ex Yeah, exactly like my dad to see, let him see that. But for my grandfather to be there to that raised and instilled what he instilled in my brother and and myself and to, and to, to like. Right. Yeah. I can just imagine. Hey, I can just imagine now. Don't think he gonna treat us different 'cause we got some money on you because that ain't happen. Yeah. Marty doesn't care. He didn't care about no money. He didn't care about nothing. He was, he was built on respect. He was built on that. And you know, Hey, he called you. Hey boy. Yes sir.


Hey, come cut, turn come turn this tv. Huh? We be outside playing basketball Ocho. Hey, one of you fellas. Come turn the tv. You mean to tell me you can't get up and take three steps and turn the tv. I I I had, I had the, that opportunity. I, I missed that one, Joe. It's, it's so funny. I missed that. Now that you, you mentioned I do. Having an opportunity to have him come to a game. My, my old boy did 23 years in the Feds. So he was never there when I was a child. Never there in the child. And you know, the chat is, social media's really good. I remember what he went in for a chat, if y'all could refresh my memory, because I was a child, my father's name, right.


Sam Brown, senior. I think he got out maybe, if I'm not mistaken, maybe 2009. And my grandma and my mama was like, why you trying to reconcile? Why you even trying to meet whoever your father may be? I say, listen, I just wanna know who he is. I wanna sit down and talk to him. You know, I want him to come check out a game. I want him to see what his son has become. I don't wanna hold that hatred that you guys might have for him. And I'm, I'm not like that just because, you know, you, you, you wasn't here. They want me to hold that same disdain and distaste they have for not being there. And it, it just wasn't in me. It, it wasn't in me. 'cause I was so curious, you know, Animosity that they have for who my father was, Was, man, he got, he got outta pre he got out the feds man had the opportunity to meet him.


Had the opportunity to sit down with him. I learned that he likes cigars, he liked tobacco, liked smoking out of a pipe. He came and he came and watched me and watched me in, in New England when I was in New England. I think that was 2011. And I think he passed away. He passed away from prostate cancer. Bryce Young talks about the gift that he wanted. He talks about what he wanted for Christmas as a kid. Nike Elite Socks. I don't even know what that, what are those? You know, I, I'm, I'm not sure that's, that's part of the younger generation. I'm, I wonder if that's Nike Elite Socks, the ones that had the grip on it. I, I, I don't know.


Oh. Oh. I wanted something with a grip. With grip to it too. But it wasn't no socks. It wasn't no damn socks. I I what Maybe that's a Callie thing, but we wanted something else different. I could tell me and Bryce cut from two different, the grip I wanted wasn't no socks. Ocho Yeah. Now, as a matter of fact, we need to go call. I gotta see that guy. See where I can get them grippy socks. Because he was talking about in Houston. Yeah. Remember talking about the Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I need, I, I gotta them, I gotta pair them.


Yeah. But I don't think Santa was bringing me what I wanted with the grip on it. When I was, when I was little, he wasn't bringing up to The house. Nah, you don't want none of that. You don't want none of that. What you mean? I didn't want none of that. Yeah, I Did. Come on. You was young. Now come on. Whatcha you gonna do with them? I want it now. Okay. What am I now? Well, hold on. Christmas was the day you could have asked, you could have asked for that from somebody. I guess. I, I guess I was on the naughty list. So I better end up, You know, I ain't, ain't, I don't even, you know what? I ain't even get the chance. How was your Christmas today, man? How, how, how?


Oh, Crile. Hey, look here. I got up. I walked the dog. I got up this morning. I walked the dog. Me and tight man went for a walk. I went to Denny's. Okay. Hey Denny's, shout your boy out. Got me a breakfast. I got some hash browns. I got, I got the Grand Slam and with bacon and, you know, because it come with two strips of bacon and the sausage. I didn't want the sausage link. I got the bacon and crispy and the biscuits and gravy wasn't that good. The, the biscuits need to be cooked along. It was a, the biscuits were a little doy. I'm sorry, I, I I gotta give my honest assessment. But Daddy, the biscuits were a little dory. I didn't get enough of the, the gra I mean, normally when I was in, you know, normally Danny do a good job with the briskets eng gravy.


Now it's not like somebody that, you know, really specialized in briskets and gravy. But, but it was good, you know, watched the game. The kids called, got their gifts. Everybody's excited. My grandson, he got a little, a little motorized g wagon truck. That's the only thing that his dad say he wants to play with. He was crying. He didn't want to go to sleep. He wanted to stay in that truck. My daughters called. They got their gifts. Everybody's happy. My mom hit me up. My sister, my brother, obviously my homeboys, but everything. Hey, it was great. I got some t-shirts and you can see one of my t-shirts right here. Yeah. I dunno if y'all can see it. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay.


Well, I got a bunch of T-shirts. That's about that. Look what you want. T-shirts. Gimme some t-shirts. Something I'm gonna wear. Because a lot of times when people say, well, what do you get the person to have? Everything, more of everything. But I don't worry about it. Just gimme some tea. Just gimme some t-shirts. So I'm good. I'm good. I don't, I don't need anything. I don't need a whole lot of this and that. I'm very, very simple. I'm, I'm the gift giver. Gift giver. I like to give gifts. I like to buy things I like to see because me, I mean, have the stuff. I'm not gonna, yeah. So I'm, I'm really, I'm really, I'm really simple in that approach. Like I said, my sister, my brother, everybody, my mom, I got a, I got some, I got my mom a little gift, but she ain't watching. I'm gonna get her something else. Yeah.


It's time for my mom to get a new whip, so I'm gonna get a ride. Yeah. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Now, something, something, you know, because my mom, you don't know my mom. My mom talking about, Ooh, I love this Maybach. I bet you do, mama. You live in Chicago. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody driving. No, ain't no 82-year-old driving. No Maybach mama. Man. You don't know my, my be on one man. I'm trying to think who has the best, who has the, the greatest you talking about, I guess we talking about football. Who has the greatest nickname of all time for an NFL player? What Do you mean?


How you looking at him? He's your cohost. I mean, he's a, you know, I might be, I mean, I might be late sometimes, but I have the greatest name of all time. Matter fact. Hold on. So listen, my name is so great. It's so crazy. I'm so loony. I changed my name to a number for marketing and branding purposes. And still to this day, I'm known by that name, by people all over the world that don't even watch the goddamn sport. Yes. I was gonna go like Megatron. That's a good one. Beast mode. Sweetness with Walter Peyton. Sweetness was a good one.


Boy Beast mode. Marshawn Lit. Yep. There was a guy named, played linebacker for the Patriots. Vincent, they called him the Undertaker. He got that name in college at Mississippi Valley State Prime Time. That's A good one. Reggie White was the Minister of Defense. Oh yeah. I like that. Because we know he was very, very religious. He didn't play about that Man. Irv Fryer was like that too. Or Irving did that after the crib. Yeah. Irv Irv was minister, but you know, he, he had to go to Club Med for a little while. What's Club May coach? He went to the gated community, but he couldn't leave when he wanted to.


Really? Yeah. The fridge. I Ain't know that. Oh, the fridge. That's a good one. The fridge is a good one. Fridge is good. Who else? Ni ni Nit Lane. Yeah. Nitrate. Cheetah. Oh yeah, cheetah. Hey, cheetah's a good one. That's a, that's a real good Mean. Joe Green. Everybody and people still don't nobody call. I mean, everybody call him mean Joe. I, we call him mean Joe. Oh, Hold on. I mean, I, I think some of his peers might call him Joe. But all the young, all the youngers, all the ones that's younger than him, they call him me. Joe. What about De Deacon Jones?


Deon. Oh yeah. De De That's a good one. He wasn't even know Deacon, was he? No, hell no. He gave, his name was David. His name was David Jones. He said, don't nobody come see David play it. But they paid money to see Deke. So he, that's why he went by Deek. Who else? Peyton Manning was the sheriff. Yeah. Brady didn't really have no, Brady didn't really have no nickname. No. If anything they just call him 12, huh? Oh, goose. Yeah. Goose to Sarah. Gua, sugar Ray the Juice. Yeah. Trying to think who got oj. He was the first player that I really liked. I'm old enough to remember that had a nickname like Juice and The Mean Joe, because he all them was Rock in the Seventies.


Jim Brown didn't have a nickname. Huh? Or if he did, it wasn't one. That stuff Michael Learn was the playmaker. Oh hell, we forgot. Re Revis. Viss Island. Yeah. Revis Island. Yeah. Got a really good one, Man. It's Billy. Billy White shoes. Billy White Shoes. Billy White. Billy White shoes. And you know, Hey, he still wear white shoes to this day for real. Oh, what about You'll never see him without white shoes. Oh, Remember Pacman? Yeah. Adam Jones. Pacman. Yep.


The bus. Oh yes. Right. I forgot on the bus, man. Oh, Dante Hall. The human joystick. Human Joy Stick Joystick. Yep. We, I was in band. That dude, that dude was Electric. Honey Bag. Yeah. I forgot Ty. Yep. That's a good one. Honey Bag. That's a, that's a cool name there. That's a cool name. But NL got some players. They got some, got some real good names. Yep. Moose Johnson Moose. Oh, Darrel Darryl. Yeah. Okay. Darryl Moose Johnson. Yeah. Aaron McNair.


Oh, I forgot about it. That's right, that's right. Steve McNair name was Air Maho Mahome Boy. Hey. Hey. And, and what you call him? You see what State Farm did? They took it, they called him Mahome. Oh. Said he changed it up a little bit. Yeah, because they didn't wanna gimme, they didn't wanna break bread with me. Alls they do, I mean, a State Farm do the right thing. But yeah, they been some, they been some good ones, man. They been some good ones. But Who's the best one again? Who's the honey? Oh. Oh, I just saw Scary Terry.


Who? Scary? Terry. Terry. Lauren. Oh, I thought, but what? But, but what you call 'em got that name too. Who? Terry Rossier. Oh, okay. That's right. That's right. That's right. I mean, you, when you got like, like the Mamba, can't nobody beat the Mamba, but Kobe rest his soul. You got, I mean, Aaron started with Mike, but Mike, I mean people, PE people either call him Mike or they call him mj. Nobody really calls him Aaron. They call him Mike. The MJ Broun. They Broun or King Chef with Steph Curry, the big fundamental Shaq with Diesel.


Oh, Chris. Chris Johnson. Cj. Cj. K two. CJ 2K. Yeah. Gary Peyton was the glove. That's right. Defense. Yeah. Chuck is the round mount, the rebound, the mailman, the male Carone. The mailman. Grandma. Ma, the greatest nickname ever. Larry Johnson. Grandma Ma. Grandma ma. Yeah. The greatest nickname ever. Wow. What do you mean? I just told you. I mean, you could keep thinking all you want that nobody took it to the extreme like I did.


Ooh, we Plus you got white chocolate with Jason Williams. Williams. Hey boy. Jason Williams and them handles and passes. Oh yeah. Oh, oh, what you call him? Metal World Peace. Oh yeah, that's right. Right. Because don't nobody call him Ron anymore. Call him. They call it, they just don't call it World peace. They just call it Meta. The greatest nickname ever. I, I, I guess you know what don't you, I guess we gotta put you, we gotta put you in there. I think you with Megatron, black Mamba Air Jordan, and Prime, what you call him.


Got a great one too. Paul Pierce The Truth. Yeah. Yeah. Allen Iversson the answer. That's another good one. Kg the Big Ticket. That's a good one.


The Volume. What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg Journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player, and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey, and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And We're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Pac on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast, where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the Im Rap Report stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.


Hi, this is Alex Kitz. I'm the host of Big Technology podcast, a longtime reporter and an on-air contributor to CNBC. And if you're like me, you're trying to figure out how artificial intelligence is changing the business world and our lives. So each week on big technology, I bring on key actors from companies building AI tech, asking where this is all going. They come from places like Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon, and plenty more. So if you want to be smart with your wallet, your career choices, and at dinner parties, listen to big technology podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.