
Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage cell prohibited website restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


But first, the Thunder beat the Celtics one 18 to one 12 Monster. Double double for Chet Holmgren Shay with shape while he's leading in the MVP 23 points for CHE 15 rebounds. Shay, if I'm not mistaken, had 33 and seven. Yep. No he had 34 7 1 steal four rebounds. They got balance scored ocho. They got Lou Dork gave him 13, Wallace gave him 14. Kim Williams gave him 10. I Hartenstein gave him 11 Isaiah. Joe gave him 11. It was a very balanced night.


The Celtics made a run late in the third quarter to tie this thing up, but at the start the fourth they get out to a lead OKC does. And then I think over the last stretch, at one point they outs scored 'EM 15, went on a 15 four run to kind of blew the game open Celtics hit a couple of baskets but they were never able able to reattach themselves to to the Celtics. But man OKC look really good ocho they look, they don't look good, they look great, they Look great. Listen, I think this is the preview of the NBA finals and could I, could I be wrong or do you think I'm right what you think You could be right, but cl the Cavalier's gonna have something to say. The problem with the Celtics ocho every so much of what they do is braced on three point shooting.


Why They Got 63? Why do that? I have a question. That's That's their game. That's their Game. Oh even even if it, even if it is their game, you can't live and die by the three, you're too talented as a team with players that could do much more than just shoot behind the A. Why you living and die by that? What happened when everybody has a night A off night? Well you shot 30, you thought you shot 36 damn threes in the first half, 63 for the game. And when you do that OCHO, you see the difference? Look at O the Thunder. They pressure you. Yeah. Now they getting to the free throw line, they got to the free throw line 23 more times. So even though they shoot a great percentage, I think they were like what, 25 or 35 or something like that. Yeah. Even though you don't shoot a great percentage unless you miss three quarters of them.


The Celtics went to the free throw line 12 times. They made 10, the other team went to the FO line 35 times. What if you go to the file line 35 times, let's just say you make 20 of them, you already up. That's 10 more points right from the file line than the opposing team. Okay, well they made 23. So I got a question. As a coach, as a coach, if you see the three's not working, at what point do you abandon the three? At what point do you abandon three and have somebody run plays? Now I know Ingas didn't play, so you really can't do much of the pain, but you still have players that can get down there and bang and do other stuff besides shoot behind the arc knowing you're having an off knowing you're having an off night.


I don't understand Because that's their game plan. It's kind like why you say it's like a team that throws the football And you say why you throwing the football when you see you're not having success? Because that's what they do. Why you running the football? You see they're stopping you. Well that's what we do. The Celtics shoot, they take more, not necessarily make more. Right, but they take more threes than anybody. And if you look at it ocho, JB did not have a great, great game tonight. No, Not tonight. No he Did not. No, I mean really with exception. I mean he, he didn't play good but give OKC credit, they got tremendous wing defenders. Oh yeah. Caruso didn't even play. But you go look at Isaiah Joe, you look at Lou, do you look at Wiggins, you look at Wallace, you look at tread hoggan, they can defend, they defended the perimeter and they can defend the paint.


Now that Hungs is back And you got, you got Shea that's giving you 30 on a night. Right? And then you got, even though Jalen Williams didn't wait, Jalen Williams didn't play. He ain't even played him. He's gonna give you 20 a night. Right. But these other guys are gonna chip in and give you the 13 to 14. They did an outstanding job on jb. They contested everything. They made it very difficult. They filed him out. He only had what, 10 points and that was late in the ball game. But they fouled him out. They filed Derrick White out because they put pressure on you. They're attacked now they'll take threes, but they're looking to attack the basket and get you in foul trouble. But this is A OKC. They're gonna be tough.


SGA passed Kevin Durant tonight to become the fastest player in Thunder Supersonic history to reach 10,000 points. That's saying something Amazing. That's saying something. And we know how prolific KD is at scoring the basketball. Oh yeah. He got one of the highest scoring averages in NBA history. And for him to get to 63 to get to 10,000 points quicker than kd that's saying something you should be very proud of that. The Celtics took 63 threes tonight, OCHO 63. 63. And and see that's this what makes it an ugly game.


That what people be talking about. You taking all the things Brent clank Boom. Yeah, pow. But listen, listen, it's a beautiful thing when they on fire now. Yes. It's a beautiful thing when they hit and obviously it extends the lead and makes it difficult for other teams to come back. But when you off they off, This is why you see Celtics get leads and teams track 'em down because they keep taking threes, they miss it and now all of a sudden they go down to the other end and other teams they might make a few or get layups or get five and next thing You know they're right back into the ball game. Yep. So the cel, the Celtics can shoot you out of the gym but they can shoot you back into the gym with all those missed heard Rush three.


And that's what you have to worry about. The Thunder now have two fourth quarter winds against two winds against Boston. SGA The best bow tie doesn't seem like the Celtics can guard it. They can't. Right. And the got good defenders. Yeah. You look at a Derrick White, they started with holiday on him. You look at jb Yeah. That man got 34 and he did it on an efficient night. It wasn't like he was 11 to 28. I think he was like 12 of, of 20 or something like that. He didn't, he would, I mean he and Michael Jordan, the only two guards in NBA history to score at, to average at least 30 while shooting 50% from the floor. So that tells you what type of sha was a 11 of 20.


11 of 20 ocho. But he went to the foul line 11 times. He was telling 11 from the foul time. So he put pressure on you because his handle, he three level score, he can get to the paint, he can get to the lane finish at the rim. He got a mid-range game now he's added to three now. He didn't shoot the three ball well tonight he was one for seven. But he has that in his repertoire. Yeah, I was watching him warm up tonight and the shot that kinda like sealed the game, he got to the top of the key, back down, back down, nice touch, boom, hit the rim, got boom, got a great bounce, went in bounce. He worked on that shot pretty much all. Now I'm just watching him going round and round and shooting that shot. But he got his ability, he kind of, he kind of reminds you of the way he could like, like a left hand, like a right handed James Harden.


Yeah. When James was in his peak and would just, You know, bop bop bop bop BB. Okay. I'm, no, I'm not, I'm going to the rim. Okay. You get a hug up on him and he, he dragged, he dri pulled through foul. Yeah. Wait, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Go. Wait. You, you went to the, you went to the game? No, I'm, I'm wa I was watching it. Oh, I was watching. No hell not. Oh, okay. No, no I didn't go to the game. But you just, You know, I, You know, you kind like, if you do go to a game, I kinda like to see the guys warm up. Right. Especially when they shoot where they shooting from because they, I think they're anticipating. 'cause a lot of guys, when they go out around, shoot around, they work on the, they work on spots and they, You know. Right. So many and it's like, okay, this is kind of where I'm gonna be.


Let's, let's, let's get this, you see LeBron shooting threes, he go around the horn shooting threes. Okay. He gets to his post up. Okay. He gets on the right side. He demands the ball. Boom. Oh, okay. I'm gonna post up. Okay I'm gonna fake and I'm gonna go up under, up and under. He guys do certain things. So I like to like watch to kind of see how the game's gonna play out and the worked on this. And you watch Steph Curry step is one that you watch because you see what he's doing. He is running, getting to a spot, boom. He's doing certain dif certain things. But Ocho, after watching OKC man, Boy the West got their hands full. Oh yeah, most definitely. The West got their hands full. LeBron has returned to the Los Angeles per medical recommendation as he continues to progress Well from strain left Groin, the Lakers have two games remaining on their for current four game road trip back to back Thursday night against the Bucks.


Friday against the Nuggets. Ojo. Yeah. What you thinking? You think LeBron, I mean, I can see him missing another week. You can't play, you can't play with soft injuries now. No. You cannot play with soft tissue injuries, groin, hamstring, any soreness with the Achilles, any soreness with the knee, Calve, hams, quads, a Calf man, conductor, qua. You can't play like that. You got to make sure you all the way healed and then when you do come back, you can't come back. Not not to play in the game. You gotta start in practice. You gotta start in practice and see how much, how much energy you can exert. And if you feel anything tug, you feel anything pull, you feel that little, that little pinch, That little catch.


Hey that hey, that Uhuh Uhuh. But it's, it's such, it's such a great feeling though when you have a soft tissue injury like that And you, And you see how, how, how far you could push it And you don't, you don't feel nothing And you go a little extra, a little extra harder and all the, and, and for the groin area, you really can't put no compression there. You know the hamstring, you can tighten it up. You put the wrap around right. Yeah. To keep it tight. To keep it warm. The groin area, there ain't much you can put there, huh? Yeah, ain't much you can put there. So I'm, I'm, I'm kind of nervous for LeBron, especially at his age. 'cause as, as you get older, You know, you heal a lot slower now. Yeah, you do. Even, even as advance as technology is, you heal slower.


I hope you can get back as fast as possible. I hope it's not, I'm sure they have different, different, different grades when it comes to bone injury. So Yeah. I'm hoping it's not that bad of a, I'm hoping it's a, a grade one and, and not that serious. So hopefully it gets back soon. But I know one thing, but no soft tissue injuries, boy, ain't nothing to play with because they set you, you back even further if you come back too soon. Yep. I, I think yeah, that definitely what happened though to Ocho if you come back too soon, the thing is, is that trying to push it, because normally soft tissue injury is a sudden movement. Yep.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, what, describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know, those quartz side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like McDo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage cell prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with Future Health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Now all of a sudden that that thing, because you used to being able to go, oh, I gotta get the ball. Yeah, I I just take off. Whoa. What, why you moving so fast? What was that? Yeah. Slow your ass down. Hey, get your attention real quick. It it, it does having dealt with, You know, hamstring injuries and had a an abuc, I had a groin, I had a groin injury and man, it wasn't that bad. Right? But what happened was, I didn't realize I had a groin injury, but it, it was coming on and You know, OCHO we go away for training camp and You know, I'm on the diving board right. You know, You know, I'm trying to hit me a one and a half, I've hitting me a pike, You know what I'm saying?


Ocho Right, right, right. I feel, I feel like Greg Luga or something. I'm like, oh, You know, wow. Right. Mm. Man, I woke up the next morning, It was hurting. Was it? Well, you ain't feeling while you was, while you was all covered going off The board. That feel nothing. I'm in the, I'm in the water stroking. Right, right, right. Bad, I mean, hey, it wasn't that bad. I missed, I missed like two, three days of practice. Right. And I was good to go. But nah, don't, don't, don't, don't play with them groins. Don't play with them groin don't play with any soft tissue. Right. Like you said. Because what happens is the suddenness the sudden movement that will cause it to grab Yeah.


And then you go and your thing is like, before You know it, you done gone harder than you should have. And the one thing you don't wanna do, and I've seen people do it, tear that ham off the bone, tear that quad a a, a ripper growing. Yeah. You know, I don't, You don't, you don't want no product or problems. You Don't I know the la I know the Lakeland facility. I know they have it, You know the pool work with the treadmill. Yes. That'll get you going. So you don't, you, you're not sure. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It take the buoyancy And you don't put the weight on. Yes, yes. Get your conditioning, you don't put much weight on it just to see how much you can actually open up. Yes. But because the resistance of the water, it won't allow it to grab Yes. Pinch like it should. If you were, if you were not free weight, what's, what's the word I'm looking for?


You, you were on your own And you your own strength, You know that water, that water and that resistance tends to the water, The water give you buoyancy. So basically, so basically you are, you're, you're not even a third of what you normally would weigh. Exactly. Right. If it was doing it. So yeah, the pool body weight, the ravens had that at facility because my knees, my last year there, my knees, because I had so much fluid on the mojo, I couldn't practice. So my, my condition was getting in that pool, doing that 10, 15 minutes in the morning and doing it 10, 15 minutes. And that was my conditioning. Right. Because I had to take all the pressure off my knees knowing I'm gonna get 'em drained on Sunday before the game, ice them things up, then I'm gonna warm 'em up so I can go.


And that's what it was. But you have to understand because look, I gotta get conditioned, I mean, to just go out there on Sundays. Oh no Man, that's A, that's a tough task everybody. It is. Conditioning is everything because when you get tired all of a sudden you get lazy with your eyes. You get lazy with your arms, you get lazy with your head. All that stuff, You know, you don't wanna get outta those breaks the ball's up on you before You know it. You know it. Yeah. There, there ain't no, there is no worse feeling than being exhausted and knowing you still have a task to do playing a sport. Oh yeah. I ain't tell you what somebody told me, Chad. I'm telling you what I know. Ive been there and I look back on, I say, man, had I not been tired the first, I'll never forget 1995, had I not been tired that first game of the season against Buffalo, I'd have gone for two 50.


I went for 180 but I was exhausted. Right. And I dropped, I dropped like three passes just because I was exhausted. Right. Just because I was exhausted man. I was like bro, but hopefully LeBron is, LeBron is a fast healer. He does a great job. He has a great team around him. Yeah. They say a million dollars when you got a guy on call 24 hours a day. Oh you eating up some time. He got medical people. He got a, a chef that's full time. Right. He has all this LeBron James is spending more than two thou $2 million a year on that body. On his body. Yeah. Trust me. Because I know what I spent when I played and I ain't have nobody full time. Right. I ain't have nobody full time.


I mean, Mike Macias travels with the team. Yeah. Mike Macia. Mike is, that's LeBron's only client. Do You know? Because OI don't know if you ever had a, a massage the therapy or anything like that, or Uhuh masseuse or massage therapist or whatever you call him. But when I would bring mine from Denver Right. And he would stay three or four days, I had to buy the whole book. Right. 'cause I'm calling him to Mr appointment. Okay. Yeah. You take, you taking him away from all his work. Yes. Yeah. So I gotta pay, Hey, he might have six or seven appointments a day and You know, 150, $200. Right. I gotta buy that. Yeah. If I want him for a week or two weeks, I've gotta buy all those appointments On, on top of what you gotta get on, On top of what I gotta pay him.


Right. And you see that, You know, it's, it's so, it's something wrong with me. I always, I always players like Tara Owen. Yeah. That Tara Owen was like you, Tara Owen was like, when it came to LeBron really took care of their body. Yes. Hyperbaric chamber, cold tub ain eating right. Doing, doing everything, everything necessary to make sure their body was on point. And then here go my crazy eating Wrong, You know, eating McDonald's, You know, barely stretching in the, in the, in the, when it's time for practice, I'm sitting there talking trash in the stretch line, You know, barely stretching, get out there and just run. Never got hurt.


Ask me how many sergeants I got in the 12 year, in the 12 year NFL career. How many Man? Two I I ain't, I ain't like nobody touching me man. I like, listen. I thought, I used to, I used to argue with tj and when Tara, when Terl came to to, to the, to the Bengals, I'm arguing with him like, man, you don't need to do all that bro. You don't have to do it. All they doing and breaking up, breaking up the breaking up the tissue and they creating scar tissue. And I really think it's, it's a mind thing. You know, I, I had my own thing because it worked for me and because I never got hurt and never got injured, I felt I didn't really need it. Right. And I don't know, I used to argue with some of my teammates back and forth about getting massages. Unc I did it two times, one time it was, You know, I was a rookie. I said, You know what, I ain't doing this no more.


And the last time I had a, I had a little pinch of my hamstring, just a little pinch. And I had, I had a lady, I had the, the lady massage it out a little bit. Put put the acupuncture. Yeah. And you call, call them the, it looks like Cupping needling. Cuing, Yeah. Cup. Yeah. They did the cupping after needling. Ain't nobody ever touched me ever since then I just, I just, I just, I don't know. It, it is weird. I felt it was a mind thing. You know the game massage and all of a sudden mentally you think, oh, I feel better. Nah, nah. Really? I don't think so. Now what I did do when I played the entire time that cold tub, oh I love that cold water boy. Yeah. I get in the cold tub from the neck down. I do my, I do my five minute contrast.


Five minute hot, five minute cold. And I finish with the hot hit the shower and I'm good. Cold tub. That's what give them babies. Cold tub increases your sperm count. Is that what hap is that, what is that Wie? It does. That's what what happened, what happened? The same thing happen when you putting raw meat on people. That that's, that's what happened. But it definitely, but it definitely increase the sperm. Definitely increases. Increases your sperm count. What? Well, well actually just to, just to be honest and listen, we family and I like, I listen, I like to share this with the family. 'cause we family, I, and like the kids that I do have, right? All them just blessings. Just blessings and God, god, god is good.


Especially when it come to them. But these were agreements. You hear me? These, these were agreements. So there's a conversation that's had that listen, you athletic, I like your background. I studied your film. You know, anybody I dated, anybody I had kids from, I asked them, can I see some footage? You know, were you athletic? Did you play volleyball? Did you softball? Did you run track? Can you jump? You know, so when we go on our first dates, I'm not going on dates. So you can put on, put on clothes and look good. I'm trying to see how, how athletic you are. Right? Let's go. Who, let's go to Dave and Buster. You know, let's go roller skating. Can you move? Do you do do, do you have coordination?


Can you dance? Do you have two? If you had two left feet, I can't do nothing with you because now if, if I have a kid with you now that means my child gonna have two left feet. I Don't want my, I don't want my child getting picked last in pe I want him pick, I want pick picked first. You know, so that, that's how I operate. The Denver Nuggets got their, got their get back tonight against the OKC Thunder 1 41 27. The nugget scored 140 points. They shot 61% from the floor. They shot 56% from the three, all seasons worse allowed by the number one rank defense in KF at K-C-O-K-C.


Yoic went off 35 points, 18 rebounds, eight assist. Jalen Williams left the game with a right strained hip and it showed, look, SHA is gonna win the MVP and he should. But make no mistake, the best player in The world is Nicola Yoic. Nicola Yoic is the best player in The world. And it's not close as great as Shea is. Ain't nobody seeing yo coach Can, can I ask you a question? Yeah. You may certainly may kind Of really don't make no sense to me Now, now if, if FGA is the MVP, but you consider Yoic the best player in The world right now, how does that go?


Yes. How does that even go hand in hand? In in in general Because the best player doesn't always win the MVP. LeBron James was the best player for a decade. He only has four, maybe longer and he only has four MVP, Michael Jordan, same thing. So that doesn't necessarily always equate. You look at how well a guy's playing the best player on the OKC. Yes, sir. Is Shay, look at their record. 53 and 12, the number one seed in the Western conference. And so basically it's him Yolk Giannis. We'll see what happens with LeBron, maybe jt. But when you look at the numbers that Yoic is putting up, 29 points a game, 12 rebounds a game, 10 assists a game, he's gonna average, he's on pace to average a triple double.


He's the best player. I I get all that. What y'all saying, Chad? I I I hear it. And Shaa has been phenomenal leading the league in scoring. But Shaa is not a better player. Giannis is not a better player. JT is not a better player. Luca, LeBron, whomever you want to throw in the occasion on the, of the, the equation, excuse me. The best player in the NBA the best basketball player in The world is from Serbia. And he's the kohl. Yo, I are, are you, are you sure about that? I'm 1000% categorically for certain. I've never been in, I've never been sure about any more thing in my life other than my first born.


She looks just like me. I've never been sure more sure about anything. Okay. Okay. Ba based on, based on your, on giving me a better understanding and context. Context and how most of the time the best player doesn't ask you win the MVPI, I'm going to have to agree with you in a sense. But what SGA is doing this year is, is phenomenal. The reason why they're first and have the records that they do, and statistically on both sides of the court offensively and defensively, they're at the top, top three almost every statistical category. I I I would kind of put him up there with Joker as the best player in the NBA. But you think Joker is instead based on the numbers that Yeah, though joke is Yo yo yolk is hands down the best player.


It's not, it's not close. Now that, that's not the take, that's not to take away anything from Shane and what he's doing. He's gonna be a unanimous first team all NBA selection and rightfully so. I believe he's gonna win the MVP and rightfully so. But I believe two things can be true. I believe Shade deserves the MV MVP. He's earned that award. Nicola Yoic is the best player in basketball. Now I if you dribble a basketball And you breathe oxygen, Nico Yoko's desk, I that, that's all I'm saying. And he doesn't, that's not a knock on shake. No, no, no. I mean there, there, there are guys that want MVP look call along with MVP.


It wasn't better player than Michael Jordan. What are we doing here? He wasn't but his, look at his team's record. Look at the numbers that he put up. Bro, check this out. I guarantee you, if Shay and them didn't have this record, let's just say they was tied with Yolk. Now Yolk was with four MVPs in a five year span because the numbers, look at his numbers OCHO 29, 12 and 10 and he's shooting 57, 50 8% from the floor. He was 15 or 20. Let that in 15 or 21 of two from the three point line.


Hell, he's shooting down there 50%. What is he shooting on for the three this year? He just doesn't take, I don't know if he takes enough to qualify. He's shooting 43% from the, from the floor, but excuse me from the three. He's shooting 57, 57, 50 8%, 57, almost 58% from the floor. He's shooting 43% from the three point. Yeah. And that's, that's crazy. It ain't no if take this away, shade's going to win the MVP.


I guarantee you if you poll all the GMs and ask him, I bet yo wins. It is 30 teams. You got 30 GMs, he's gonna probably win 28 to 2 27 3 as the best player in the NBA. It's not close. No knocks on nobody. It's not. But tonight he showed you what he's capable of. And then he had his, he had his guy with him a Murray 11 or 22 3 or 7 34. They had, they only played, they only played eight guys. Six of 'em scored in double figures. The seventh guy had eight points and he only played 18 minutes. Everybody scored that touched the court.


Except what Guy, guy, what what, what, what was shakes that line night? Shane had 25. He was eight or 14. Three or seven. Six. Six. His plus minus was minus 18. Chad hung was minus 20. Lou Dort who led him in score him with minus eight. Isaiah Hart Stein was the only one that had a plus. No, Jalen Williams had a plus, but he left with about 14 at 14 minutes in the ball game. Five of 10. One of three. Look, you're gonna have one of these games, aren't you? Yeah. You're not gonna be, you. Look, I don't care. The best defense. Look at 85 Bears, I, I don't know if you remember that Monday Night massacre that Miami put on their ass.


I'm old enough to, I'm old enough to remember that they beat the brakes off the bears in the, in the Orange Bowl back in 84. Go look it up on that Monday night and look what that Marino and them did to 'em. So you, you gonna have a bad game. You look at what happened to us, we played that defense that year. Jimmy Smith dropped avenue in 300 yards receiving on us and three times down. Oh, I remember that. He had 15 for 2 91. Dwayne Star was out there struggling with And Chris McCall you cutting, he cutting everybody ass. It didn't matter. Yeah, I remember that. He like, Hey you get him, I'll cut your Nah, nah, you go back over there. I done had enough. I don't want, I don't want problem. I remember that game. So it happens. Nicola Yoic averaging 29 points, 13 rebounds, 11 assists.


So he's 30 scoring 30 rebounding. Second in assist, 11th and field goal percentage. Sha is first in scoring at 33 points, 76 in rebounds, 5.1 16th in assist, 6.2 25th in field goal percentage. I mean he about to become the second guard. I think Michael Jordan did it to score 30 on at least 50% shooting as a guard. It's That's crazy. That's crazy efficiency. Yeah, I'm talking about crazy. I mean, because think about it. Only two guys have ever done it in the history that played the guard position.


Now there've been bigs. Obviously if you are a big that's different, you're not taking the outside shots like a guard is. But for Jordan to average 30 and shoot 50% from the floor and shaa hell damn near shooting 53% from the floor. He's had a phenomenal season. And to watch the process and watch how he's gotten better, better and better. Every single Yeah. Year. Now I'm not saying that if you work hard, you are gonna be able to have a meteoric rise like him. But it's just hard for me to see not a player not getting incrementally better if he works. Yeah. Now are you gonna take that leap like he's taken? Yeah, probably not. Listen, but you'll get better.


Yeah, It's it was, it was already, something was already in him though. Huh? And you gotta understand that the play players are different regardless to what sport you play. When you work hard, if you already got the talent And you, you add that with working hard, that's when the leaps and bounds happen in your game like that. You look at LeBron, look at Jordan, look at Kobe. Guys are a immensely talented but are equally as hardworking. So now you combine the talent with hard work. Elevate. Yeah. Elevate the, the heights unknown. Yes. And sometimes if you work hard, you don't have to be the most talented.


Larry wasn't running, no, running wasn't leaping, wasn't. But he'd tear your ass up From, Same thing with magic. Magic. We had never seen anything like magic. We'd never seen a guy, a six nine guy, you a power forward or you a sinner. That's what a six nine guy. He was the same height as Bill as Mr. Russell six, nine. Now he's playing the point guard. So now you got little six foot guards trying to guard him. Hell he looked right over the top of there, put a hand up in his face. What? Put what hand so he could see over the top of the defense. Right. This was a great game obviously.


OKC they played, just played, had an unbelievable performance the other night. This was a back to back. Yeah, because they Played, they then They beat, They played last night. Yeah, they beat the nuggets in Denver and then, yeah. Was that game in Denver or was it in or was it in OKC was both in OKC. Okay. But Yogis gets this revenge. The, the nuggets get back on the winning track. One 40, they score 34, they had 67 points at the half. Wow. OKC had 73 at the half. And then they get, and then the second half they gave up 73 second half points to the nuggets while they scored 54 second half points.


That was the difference in the ball game. And that's why they ran away with it. Steph Curry has accepted a role with his alma mater, Davison College as an assistant general manager for basketball program. Steph becomes the first active player in the US major professional sports to take an administrative job with the n with an NCAA team. When asked about Steph's new job, Steve Kerr had some jokes. Well if he, if he asked to leave the game to go scout college, I'll probably say no. But it is Steph Curry so I'll probably say yes. I just hope he doesn't ask.


I like it. I-I-I-I-I mean it's cool. What did they made, what did they made you General manager at Ohio, Oregon State? That, that, that would be nice. No. What did they made you? General manager fam. Okay, now we cooking n now, now we cooking you. Hey now, now, now we talking. You hear me? You make me anything having to do with Fam u I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm out. I'm out. Oh, so so I gotta have to find me a new depart. No, No, no. I could do the show from Tallahassee.


You ain't gotta find nothing. And the wifi work, just the wifi work just fine in Tallahassee. Ain't nothing wrong with it. Huh? Come on now. Nah. Yeah, listen, I will, I will pick up and relocate the Tallahassee right now. If the president called me any, anybody of the of the governing body, the governing body that has anything to do with FMU want me in Tallahassee to be anything. I don't care what it is. I'm packing up and I'm leaving. Leaving right now man. Please. Damn. What?


I guess you guess you wanna be general manager at Ba Boy? Boy, listen, you mean tell me I get to put on a suit and tie Man. You don't have to wear no suit and tie. Well, if I'm the general manager, boy I'm finna, well I'm finna be who? Who What general manager. You know where a suit at? This one. How many general manager? This one. Every time you see me step out, I'm gonna be in a suit and tie. I'm gonna have a orange suit. I'm gonna have a green suit. I'm gonna have a Rattler pen, a fa U pen and up That green suit. You gonna be looking like the green. Ooh. Hey. One thing, one thing about it, when it come to, when it come to putting, when it come to fashion, I don't play.


So if I have on a suit, I'm gonna look soft. I'm gonna be sharpening in number two pencil. I'm gonna be cleaning in the board of health. I'm gonna be casket Shaw. Woohoo. And you And you got And you got me excited with that idea too, man, Ali. Hey, just a, just the thought of that, You know, being able to address, address the governing body at Fair MU the students, the faculty Man you ain't auditioning for no job. Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q It ain't you auditioning for a job.


He sitting out his resume on my job. Y'all see this fool audition for a job. He at the job. His resume on my computer. I'm just trying to diversify my portfolio babe. My bad. This man I here auditioning sending out his resume on my company computer. Oh okay. That was funny. That was funny. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first.


Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check All State first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. All State, fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in, everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, what describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Yuto Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with Future Health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ocho Shea Gil, just Alexander scored 40 points today as the Thunder defeated the Denver Nuggets. 1 27 to 1 0 3 in the battle of the two of the west, the top west contenders. But the big news came when Ola Yoic Yolk became the first player in NBA history to record a 30, 20 20 game in overtime win against the sons yolk, finished 31 points, 21 rebounds and a season high 22 assists. He ranks third in points per game, 28 third in rebounds per game 12.8 second in assist per game 10.4 this season. Mm.


He's averaging more points and more assists than he did when he won the MVP in his three previous seasons. The only thing that's working against him is Shay is playing out of his mind crazy and there're the number one seed Crazy One. Any other season you could make a case that Yolk would probably trying to go for five 'cause Jordan and B clipped him one year he finished second, he won last year after previous two years of being back to back and b clipped him and then he comes back and wins again this year. But he, I mean yolk, I mean, what do you say? I mean I I I don't really know what it's saying. I, I mean what, what word, what adjective do you want to use to describe what you're seeing from Nicole Yoki?


Man, listen, the resume speaks for itself. The accolades, the MVPs, the numbers, the stats. You, you, I mean you, you watch 'em play. I I I was, I was gonna throw a slight comparison out there to somebody who just got traded based on style of play and the way they move and how they have a, a very lethargic style style of play. But I'm gonna let that go because he is very efficient at what he does. He's very, very, very good at what he does. He look exhausted. He looks exhausted in that game though, toward the end. Ooh, that yolk. Yeah. Yeah, because he plays, I'm not, I'm not trying to say he's outta shape or nothing, You know, I ain't trying to say he's smoking hoop and beer or nothing like that. I'm just saying, Oh, he like, he gonna get his beer on now he drank his beer. But here's the thing, Joe. He played 41 minutes, the only 48 minutes in the game.


He played 48. Jamar Murray played 42. So that's normally, they don't normally play, you normally get to 40 minutes once you go overtime or you go double overtime. Guys are not, especially as they start to age, they don't normally play that many minutes in a regular season game. Now postseason game eight, I'm trying to win every game matters. Yes. Yeah. They're not catching, nobody is catching OKC for the top seed. Now you're jocking maybe two through six 'cause you wanna stay outta the play in seven through 10 is the play in anything above that. You, hey, you, you, your position, you, you, you jocking for position Lakers right now. Think they have second percentage points is gonna go back and forth.


LeBron got injured last night. We'll see how that plays out. And then you got Memphis, you got Houston, you got Golden State trying to climb up the ladder. But basically you're trying to stay in that two through six range 'cause you're not catching OKC for the number one seed. Yeah. But when you look at what Yolk is doing and, and like you said today, 24 points, 13 rebounds, nine assists. He had a steal and he only had two turnovers. But like you said, they didn't shoot the ball. Well he was two or 10 from three. Jamal Merz, one of five from three. Michael Porter Jr. Was three of eight from three, even though he shot the ball from the floor really well. But if you go look at it, Porter Junior played 38 minutes, yolk played 41 minutes.


Yeah. Murray played 42 minutes. Yeah. Even Russ played 31 minutes. Russ didn't had a, yeah, he was one for nine, one to five. They didn't really get a whole lot from the bench. They only got 11. They get 11, they got 14 points from their bench. And, and that, that's the problem too. The inconsistency with their bench yogurt is good. Murray is good. But listen, there's one other team outside of OKC where they play collectively great. We even when the starters are out, everybody collectively is putting in effort and putting the work and getting the points. Hell in the fourth quarter, man score 41 damn points in the, in the final quarter. Now the only team that has the bench like that is efficient as soon as they come off, when the starters aren't playing is is the calves it looks, it looks exactly the same way.


Okay. You know what, I don't have a problem even though it's a game of runs. I know my sec, my, my second unit could come in and still keep the game, still keep the game going, still keep the game going forward. Where we in the league, we're, we're still in contention, but we don't have to come back into the game and have another, another run where we have to either catch up or try to decrease the lead. But yeah, been sensational. He's been all year. It's a two horse race. I was gonna ask you that. Mvp, it's two Horse Race. Yeah. Do you They dropped Giannis. Yeah. I'm, I'm being, I'm being truthful that y'all, everybody knows that they've dropped Giannis. So with that being said, has Your thoughts on the MVP changed based on the way yo jokers played?


Nah, sha It's still okay. Okay. Yeah, he, leading the league in scoring his team is number one. He has the most 20 point games. 30 point games. 40 point games. 50 point games. Yeah. No, my, my, and I think everybody knows, y'all know what I think about Yolk? He's been one of my favorite players since he got into the NBA And you kind of figured out who he was because at first, Yusef Nage, they was in the same draft. They took Nage and then they took him in the second round. With that being said, you could see they traded, they traded Nerc And you, or you could understand why now, I don't think they knew he would be this. Yeah. I mean, you could see probably you see him in practice And you see him doing things right. I don't think I, I, I don't think, I don't think they thought he would be this now a three time MVP potentially.


I'm gonna be shocked if he doesn't win another MVP. Yeah. I'm gonna be shocked. Now. Stranger things have happened. LeBron James had four MVPs from by the age of 28. Yes sir. And never won another one. So that's not to say it's guaranteed, but it's hard with the numbers that he's putting up for the voters on a note. Yeah. That's, that's crazy. But yeah, this is, this is shade 53 and 53 and 11 is their record. 54 and 10 is the, is the Cavs record so crazy? Who's gonna have the best record in the NBA LeBron is expecting to miss one to two weeks with a groin strain.


According to Sean, LeBron will wait for the groin injury to calm down over the next 24 hours and receive another evaluation. You know, they probably, You know, at that point in time, ocho, You know, once it happens, yeah. They're telling CNC and how tender you are. Probably perhaps a little inflammation in there. They're probably doing the strength test to see how much strength you have in the leg. Trying to a keep, Hey, don't let me push it down. Okay. Don't let me pick it up. Things of that nature. And so now probably that happened. What Fri that happened last night, right? Sunday. So probably tomorrow they'll get an MRI for the assess and see where, where, where it is. You know, that, You know how, based on this injury and extent, how much time will be missed?


Or should he shut it down and just wait and allow Luca to carry everything. What, what you think? Well, the thing is, is that he's gonna try to get back. It's, it's all gonna be contingent on how serious the injury is. The last thing you wanna do is come back too soon and tweak it. Now that puts you, I think if he takes two weeks, right? He's played what, 57 games. He just needs another eight games to qualify for all the NBAs things of that nature. But during the two slot, you don't wanna slide all the way down. Now they do have Luca, and that's the luxury of having two superstars that when one goes down, the other can pick up the slack. Right. We know Luca can carry a load. Austin Reeves can help.


It hurts that RU is not there. But I, because I don't know where else they're gonna get the production that they need from a third scoring option. Is ru not there? Right. Finn Smith is inconsistent. Vanderbilt is more of a, a, a defender. I like connect, but he leaves a lot to be desired on the defensive end. He gets lost in translation a lot. But it, it, I mean, and they were just, they were playing extremely well. Yes, sir. And this, this happened very unfortunate, but like you said, maybe this is something, this is what you, this is what, this is why you trade for Luca a guy that you gonna put the ball in his hands.


He can control pace. He's gonna get to where he wants. All you gotta do is knock down shots. 'cause he going find you. Now they gonna bli they gonna try to get the ball out of his hands. They're not gonna let him beat you. Well, Somebody gonna be open no matter what. Yes, Yes. When you get the ball in your hands, you, you gotta make your shots. That's all that comes to. That's all that comes down to The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction. And it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or Big Win Famous has your covered head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


The Unshakeable Podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.