
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online From Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SNH u.edu today to get started.


You are ready for a comeback. And. with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue s Online, University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from W because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's, ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's aw, anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from two to AWW. Amazon books that reading Feeling Awaits


The Volume. The Emirates NBA cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho A video went viral of a plane full of Lions fans Hushing the flight attendant during the game winning field goal. Yeah, Ocho has your viewing experience during a big game ever been ruined? Wait, hold on, bring that to me one more time. They were on the plane and you know they're watching the game and you know, she's trying to make her announcements about, you know, fasting, your seatbelt in case of allegedly, you know, you know, drunk from the ceiling. Place yours on before you assist someone else. And sh Yes. Stop talking. Y'all see us watching this. Oh, they, hey. Oh, the plane shifts. The flight attendant automated time. Yes. Hey, that's funny. That's funny. I mean, listen for one, no disrespect, everybody on the plane has been flying for years.


I'm sure they know who they understand the regulations. I know she has to do that because it's protocol. It's part of is it FAA? Yeah. Yes. You know, but understanding She gotta read the room honey. Honey, you gotta read the room. You know if, if you know people are watching the game and when you make announcement, you know what it does to the TVs. They stop working, they stop working and people are watching the goddamn game, man. They, she, you lucky ain't nobody cus your ass out. And we you watch us up Mocho and then they come on the flag. You know we're gonna start coming. I'm, man stop just come around yo. Ain't gotta tell us you finna come around with the cart. Damn. We we, when we see you in the aisle with the car, we'll know you coming around.


Damn, man, I be watching so bad man. Please come on man. Oh hell no. Hey, that's funny. That's funny. Hey, you know, Hey can I, can I tell you something? IIII don't, I don't mean to do this. I don't mean to do this when you get on the plane, right. And they come around and they tell you can you fasten your seatbelt on the plane for safety precaution. And I always think to myself like, if I'm not sure what this seatbelt gonna do, if anything was to happen. So, you know, I don't be wanting to argue, but I always thought about that.


They'd be so hell on that goddamn seatbelt. Yeah. And they talking about that and they talking about that seat cushion as a flirtatious. You think I'm, if that play go down, I ain't gonna be able to use my seat cushion. I done pooped in it. I ain't about to put it next to my face. I about throw that. What seat cushion gonna do that? Go down? Man, I messed up. I done messed up. Everybody could Shit. Man, boy, I, yeah, no, I ain't, I ain't, I'm, I'm not even Finn talk about that. I ain't, But I, but you know what, don't your I go ahead and fast mind because they make it seem like it's life or death. If you don't have that seatbelt and that seat, that seat back to the full upright and locked position, like the plane won't start.


I'm like, ma'am would a plane start if I don't have the seat back up? Damn. But they be on it boy. They be on it. Listen, I I don't argue, I don't argue with 'em. I just, I just, I just fasten it up, you know, I always bring my seat upright and it just, I mean obviously it's protocol. They have guidelines and rules that they have to follow. Yeah. And in the hindsight, when you like really think about it, think it ain't gonna help if anything happens. Yeah. They make it. Oh, they make it seem like the plane won't crack if my seatbelt ain't fast on my seatbelt Or, or your phone. If your phone, like your phone is gonna mess up with the, with the, with the electronic stuff up front. If you on your goddamn damn phone.


Well that's, I Fly be fine if that's the case. Ocho, I don't, I don't argue. Oh, I don't argue either. I, yeah, I don't, I don't wanna be on List. Hey, they said man, hey, and the thing broke, they spent, I said, ma'am, it's broke. Look. Boom, boom, Boom. I said, ma'am, I told you broke. You think I'm lying? What happened? You go to dinner, you with your girl, you order, you order your Food. I like that you Order your food. She order what she want. But when the fucker come, yeah, she on your plate. If you want a chicken, why you order chicken? You order salmon. Get your hand out my plate.


Yes. Oh, I shoulda ordered. What you, you want some of this because you not finna get no more of this. Do you want me to, Hey, hey, hey, come here. Hey you want, you want some steak? Right? Right Now you can't get what I got 'cause you know I'm nor I'm gonna get, you know what I'm saying? Don't. I'm gonna get that five. Right, right, right. You can't get that. But I can get yourself to close to it. Now what would you like the rib buy? You like the sir, you like the sir you like the the file. I'm the only one at the table that's eating a 500 steak. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm bring It back. Bring it back again. Bring it back. Bring it back. Where the fuck can you find a 500 steak? Oh you just bullshit.


No, at highend restaurants, they serve a five. And it all depends on how many hours did you get? I say five. I go, I go to my restaurant, Atlanta Thought said five because my, my jersey number? No, a five Japanese Wagu. Oh remember I told you I had the Wagyu. Remember? I don't know. I don't know where the fuck I went. I don't know where I went, but it was in strips. You heard me it like, it was, it was like tiny strips. They were laying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And They were really soft and tend and buttery. Ooh, that thing like butter. I'm just being honest with you. So when I go, when I go to my place in Atlanta, chops panels appreciate you taking care of your boy. Hey, they normally once, once they know I'm coming in, they already know, Hey Mr. Sharp, we got you.


Hey, whatever you want. So normally I get like 10 sometimes I feel, you know, but pockets, you know, I be looking at, I'm doing, I think I go 12 ounces, but normally I normally I go eight to 10. I don't go much bigger Than that. You know, it's funny, I can't remember where I was at. I can't remember where I was at. And, and honestly, you know, I'd do anything once. I'll try anything once, you know. And I haven't, I I haven't back. Yeah, I haven't been back to get the, the, the wagon again. But, but it, it was good. It was good. And it was different for me. Who, you know, frequents the Waffle House and I get a steak from Waffle House. Who frequents? No. Regular restaurant? No. You mean a hundred dollars an ounce? Somebody say it's a hundred dollars a pound. No, it's a hundred an ounce.


Ain't no pound. You get a pound you gonna pay. Damn you, you gonna pay 16, $1,700. Boy. But it's good. But it's good. I treat myself. Sometimes I don't go every time. But normally I like, I like the rib buy. I normally do the rib. I like flavor for cuts of meat. I do the rib buy. I prefer not to have it bone in, but sometimes the restaurant only have bone in and then I'll go to something else. I'll probably get the filet or the sir line, but Okay, okay, okay. But I used to get chicken. I used to go to the steak house and get chicken, Chicken. But they used to take care of me. 'cause see when I, I would go, when I went to see, when I traveled ocho I, if I went for three days or less, I took my food with me.


So I would take enough food for three days, bring it to the hotel. The hotel would warm it up for me. Like, hey, have the guy come up there and get it. Have a have him put a refrigerator in my room. They would come get it or they would store it downstairs. I would call down, bring it up. Obviously I give him, you know, give him 40, $50 to bring it up and I would eat. That's, that's how, that's how I did it. I remember now I know I had the wagon beef at, at goddamn Jeff Rubies when I was in Cincinnati. Jeff Ruby Wagon. What wagon you had? The, the beef. You said Wagon? Wagyu? The Wagyu, the A I'm sorry. The, the, the how you spell it. How you spell that?


Y-A-G-U-W. Okay. W Okay. W-W-A-G-U. Wagyu. Wuu. W-A-G-Y-U. Okay. Oh, so the White Island. Yeah, but you gotta say it. Wagyu. Wagyu. Yeah. But anyway, I had it at, I don't know if you've been to the precinct or Jeff Ruby Steakhouse in Cincinnati. But that's where I was when I had the Wagyu. And it, it was, it was good. It was, it was a great experience. It yeah. Love's something I'm gonna do again though because I'm, I'm not paying that kind of money. You, you pay top dollar and based on the price point of the steak.


You understand why I understood why once I ate it. 'cause I ain't never felt nothing so soft and buttery like that. It, it, it, Oh, oh yeah. You ever Touch a woman's skin? You know how soft I would like to think. So that's Exactly how they got, I got, I got three kids I left. They lied to me. Yeah. That that's, that's what that that's what that, that, that, that, that wacky wa wacky You taste like, feel like it feel just real soft. Yeah, but I like you. Look, look, I've said like when I go, I mean when I take, when I go out, because somebody Ash. Yeah.


I'm like, Ash, you know you do not have to order a a, a a. What? What she like to get George, sir? The, the, the what? The simi, what is it? Sushi ash, everywhere we go. You do not have to order sushi. We go to a gas station. Do that. Y'all have sushi At the gas station. Lemme get, lemme get sushi and let get, lemme feel a more pump six fix. Hey, that's funny man. But that's, Hey, when she in the hotel, you don't, you let Ash come to your room. If anybody hungry, why you waiting? You get in my room and now you hungry? Yeah. Yeah.


Oh. Oh. She get crab. She get crab. I look at her when she, when she crab you ain't order no crab cakes. Okay. She okay. I did. I said, oh, I look at you when you order, you get salmon and you get this. You come in my room, you get crab cakes and Oh, and she get two entrees. She ain't gonna just get one. Man. Y'all, y'all be, y'all be good over there, man. Yeah, we Look, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep it. We, we on the road a lot and, and the, the team, they do a great job.


Jordan had George because you know, everywhere I go, Jordan has to go. So, you know, 'cause he setting up the equipment in the hotel room, you know, he's capturing content behind the scenes. So he, he goes and so it works. It's great that hopefully he don't get a wife anytime soon. Starts having that family because he gonna, he gonna, he gonna mess the rotation up. But I think, I think he like traveling. He, he, he like traveling. Hey, what, What You all them damn cameras. And what was the, what would be the, the, the terminology for, for what Jordan does? Like, like not videographer. What, what would it be? Well, he's all that he's a social, my social media, my content.


He capture all the content. Content Be real. Your your content be so goddamn dope, man. I, I need, man, I'm just, I'm man, fuck. I need to get my shit together man. I need somebody to travel with me that, you know, that wouldn't mind flying spirit. Someone that wouldn't mind eating at the places that I enjoy. Well Good luck with that, huh? Good luck with that one. Yeah, he do some of Everything. I wanna create content too. Like I want people taking pictures, like when I'm stepping out, when I'm stepping out the car, you know? Yeah. And I'm, I'm talking to people and you know, hugging people and I just, I ain't, I don't, I ain't got nothing. Yeah, It's all good. But he's, he's in the, he's in the, the chat. So Jordan knows stuff.


Hey, you know we leaving such and such a time. I like how when, who said that? Well, so basically he's on the chain with him, right. Ash, Shelly, cj, all the people like that I'm the last to know. I'm the last to know just, hey Shelly gives me the Heads up. I need two days in advance. And we gone. I got a suitcase always packed, toiletries already packed. I just had to put, you know, change of clothes stuff in there. And I'm, we off to the, off to the race. Dwayne Rock Johnson is coming clean about some recent reports of his behavior on the set. The report alleges he pees in a bottle to save time. Yeah. That happens. He told gq referring to how he sometimes relieves himself at work.


Ocho, have you ever had an emergency bathroom situation and had to pee in a bottle? Huh? There's footage of me peeing on the sideline on all my highlights. I never forget Cedric Benson is sitting on one side of me. Reggie Kelly who was the Titan at the time, sitting on the right side of me. And y'all close in. Let me use the bathroom real quick on the middle of the field in the middle of the game. So I didn't have to run to the locker room. I am not missing the time. Yeah. We normally go on the sideline, we go in a plastic bag, you know, we kneel down in front of, you know, they got those trunks, they got tape and all that stuff in there. We kneel down and go in, go in the bag. Yeah. Right, right, right. Between the two Gatorade things, the big Gatorade pool that hold off, you know right behind that ain't, nah, I ain't going, I ain't going nowhere.


Yeah. So I understand the rock, especially as dedicated as he is to his craft. And listen, one of the best, if he's not still the highest paid, you know, person in Hollywood. Yeah, he One of them. I understand it Now. Practice was a different thing. We had run up, you know, we'd run up in the woods or something and then run back down the hill unless you had to go, you know, number two had to go do. Yeah, sometimes you gotta do number three, you gotta do one and two. So you definitely gotta go inside for that. But Oh yeah, for sure. Most, I mean, you'd be surprised how many times guys go to the bathroom on the sidelines. A woman is going viral for having to cancel her honeymoon after 270 guests wedding only gave 3000 in cash.


Including one person who gave $10. Hold On. Wait. Whoa, whoa. She mad 'cause she only got three. Only 'cause she mad 'cause she only got 3000. Oh, so she's trying to her money from when she paid for the wedding. Is that, that's basically, that's it sound like to me. Yes. So you Ocho we just got, this is what she said. Here's a story. We just got married yesterday and we spent 60 K on our wedding with our guest count of 270. We worked our butt off and pushed so many bills, rent, et cetera, only taking out a loan of 4,000 from my mom and demanding it back by the end of the month. We received 3000 in cash checks total and cards only. We're like freaking out. Really devastated because we thought we'd get at least 10,000.


The lowest card amount was $10. Has this happened to anyone else? How do you move past this? It is really eating at both of us. Our lives. Just really disappointed about it. We were supposed to leave Monday for our honeymoon, but we canceled it instantly after opening everything. We literally couldn't buy a plane ticket. You're supposed to have already got that, Joe. We couldn't buy our plane tickets and we're going to buy them this morning because we booked the hotel for free with points. Hey, hey, do me a favor man. Help me understand that. What is the average cost of a US regular folk? Not you, us regular folk. I think the average cost of a wedding is about 50 grand.


It is about 30 to 50. And this economy, what is you talking about? People can't afford that. Clearly the average cost of a wedding is 35,000. Okay. Makes, that makes a little bit more sense. That makes a little bit more sense. So I mean, when you think about it, if you really can't afford to have a wedding, why? I think we're people today are more quote up with the aesthetics. Aesthetics of it. I agree. And the look and just saying, oh, I got married. Not what marriage actually entails, you know, and 35, 40, 50,000 Thousand who buys? But who gets married OCHO and plans a wedding going to go through it with the hopes of recouping their money from gifts, from family and, and friends.


I ain't buying no damn house in hope. I win the lottery to pay for it. I should already have that lined up how I'm going to pay for it home. I like that. That sounds good. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Yeah. Hey you. They they playing around. They playing. They couldn't afford that. They couldn't afford that. That's, that's their fault. That's their fault. And 60,006 people, you gotta stay within your budget too. People, people in the chat, yo, listen, listen to me. Yo, we gotta learn to act our wage. We need to learn to act our wage. Many of us are living way above our means and any little money we get, we trying to look a certain way, trying to address a certain way and just trying to cater to people that don't even care about us.


To, to, to live this Yes. In a certain way. I like, I mean it's just The wedding is for the guests. I ain't trying to impress y'all baby. We good? Yeah. You good? Okay, Good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen. But I ain't, I hope half the time a bunch of 'em gonna be there. Mm. It ain't gonna last talking. They gonna be talking issue about you as you walking down the line. It ain't gonna last long. I bet you I give it a year, I give it two years. But they there to eat up your food and talk about everybody in there. Nah, you won't. Damn my brother, sister, my kids, my mom and her family.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on a 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking


State Farm knows making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Cultura podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ dramas, Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and had to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me, in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I'd gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael ura podcast network.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com


This fall watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special last chance offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59, 9 per month for three months. Don't miss this offer ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart, tlo, efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase QV ffc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by argenx.


I am gonna have about six people. Oh, I'll let you triple me up. You could have 18, but they gonna be packed in the courthouse. Where they gonna be packed at In the courthouse? Man, I'm not paying no a hundred thousand or 200,000 for no damn wedding. Who? Who? American dollars Man, please. No, I'm not even playing that in rubies, ruples or whatever. They, whatever the, whatever currency is. Peso, naura, whatever. No, not A, you still got your suit for the wedding? Yeah, I do. All right. But shit. Hey grim. But I'm getting, Hey listen, Ill tell you what.


Hey you on Ask my money. You done had me go out there and get, go get some Lenny. I I know One thing. I'm getting married come February. You heard me? All I know is Lemme finish. Lemme finish now. Stay with me. Yeah. Okay. I'm getting married in February. I don't, I don't know who the fuck gonna be, but when that goddamn day come, I'm walking down that aisle with somebody. Well, well I know who it's gonna be then I but hold, lemme take my glasses off now. Well, I'm 46 years old, man. I ain't got time to be playing. What you trying to do? What you, I mean, I mean, whoever's gonna be, I'm walking down that mother island in February. I done got the motherfucker.


Well I ain't going if it, if it, if it ain't my niece, I Ain't going, you know what, if if you, if you don't show up, that's fine. And I ain't, I ain't, I I have you. I what? I ain't supposed to fall out now. I, I hate Fall. I tell you what, when that preacher, when that, when the minister say, does anybody object to this wedding to speak now if hold your peace. I object. I object. This ain't right. This ain't right. I have my own mic go. I have my mic. I've been Noelle two years.


Hey, She a good woman Ocho I'm Gonna tell you right now. I don't know who this, I don't, I I don't agree with you being with ocho. Hey, me personally, I don't like you. Hey, we not gonna accept you. The Nightcap family not accepting you. Hey, I, I know how you feel but sometime, sometime in life, sometime you got, you got, you gotta, you gotta shit looking gr shit looking shouldn't look, looking kind of grim right now, boy. So, you know, you might as well get it, get it through your head, not get it through your skull. You know? It might not. It might not. Nope. No can do. I'll refuse to it. Doesn not do you want it, but I'm walking down that aisle come goddamn February. 'cause I'm finna be old.


I'm Finn I'm finna be old. I ain't got, I ain't got time. I ain't got, I ain't got time to play. I ain't got time to play. You got got me up. I'm gonna be drunk. I'm gonna be on that la Porcher. Ain't no i, I am not responsible for what I say. Hey, lemme tell you something, I'm gonna have open ball. I got three people performing and I listen, I already, I already paid my deposits too for, for the performers. I done paid, I done paid for the junker new to come perform. Kiki, Wyatt, Brian McKnight coming, Anthony Hamilton, John Legend, you know? And it is too late, man. It's too late. You know, so I mean either I, I don't, I don't, I don't know what I'm gonna use your ceremony to get married my damn self.


Then since you got saves load of money, Hey, we all baby, we already got a venue. We already gotta the act. You ain't gotta break the hey Yeah guys, we gotta be, so we don't, and people like sometimes they've asked why we don't really show a whole lot of stuff at ocho. Yeah, you got that. We got a, we got a copyright and so we got about another, what? We got two copyrights. So for the next 90 days, okay, we got 55 days.


We've already done 35 of them. And so, and what happens, guys, if you use somebody else, and I guess what, what happened was, this is what happened, Ocho, and I don't even, I've never shared this with you, is that you remember that we showed the clip of Trav, well of Cam being the field at ucf and he was talking to Tra he was talking to Travis and he was talking to Shado. Okay. Ash got the footage from the inter from Twitter, right? We didn't know whose it was. I mean it had already been tweeted blah blah blah. It was everywhere, all of a sudden all over. It was everywhere. Well the guy that footage that it was, he put a thing in YouTube.


YouTube flagged us. So in the pro, so they took, they took it down. Not only did they take it down the money that we would've, that we would've made, oh hell Got no Yes, no, check this out. We had a, so now what we did, you know, we cut it, we had a breakout clip. It was the same clip, but he said we had posted it again. So they took that one down, gave us a second copyright infringement and gave him the monetization from that clip. Oh. So, so he took our money And it, he took all, he took it all. That's, that's fine. I ain't got a problem with that. But the problem is, is the two strikes, we get a third strike, they take Nightcap down.


So we got no channel. So that's why we've been extra careful. And then, Yeah, Then what happened is that we reached out and tried to have a conversation. Right? He wanted to come on Nightcap spend at least five to 10 minutes talking. He wanted us tomo, we, he wanted us to do a segment Okay. About that video. Every single a breakout clip with him. Every single week, every, in other words, to make a long story short, I'm not gonna get too far into it. He wanted us to, he wanted us to lead the video up permanently. So to make a long story short, he wanted us to build his YouTube channel.


Hold on. That wasn't gonna happen. Hey man, we gotta put our IES on man. He took our money, man. Bro, don't worry. Look, Ocho I know, I I'm just, I'm just, we get that money back. Sound like the way he moving though. I don't like, man, hold on. Okay. It is what it is. It is what it is. Had we had, we known, well we don't ocho do you know how much money that I lost from that Cat Williams clip? Probably if I had, because a lot like Joe Rogan, right? You can't use Joe Rogan clips. Had I just set it up right? Say you can't use my clips.


I probably it that we've added like 150 million views. Yes sir. Just on my YouTube channel, we probably would've done 500, 600 million views. And what, what I've made, you'd probably triple it. But I said don't Even about it. We gonna get that back though. We gonna get that back. Yeah, For sure. Because Right, but that was, that was right. That was, I'm not gonna preach, I'm not gonna preach the cover run For sure. But my thing was, bro, I I said bro, we don't have no problem bringing you on, but you're not gonna tell us how long we gotta have you on for.


You are not gonna tell us we have to leave your video up for perpetuity. You're not gonna tell us we've got to promote your, your your channel. That ain't happening. We got no, and he wanted, he wanted us on all the channels, Shesha media channels to follow him. And he wanted me to follow him personally. Hey, What's his name? Send me send, send me his information. Send his information. Nah, we good. Hey, can I ask you a question? Well, guess what? He worked for Colorado for the bus? Yeah, because I'm going, I'm going to the game next weekend. No, But the thing is Ocho it's, it's all good. Look, we gonna stay, we gonna stay outta you Want me press 55 days?


We gonna get, we okay, okay. We gonna, nah, nah. Hell nah. We gonna, we gonna, we gonna get, we gonna get those. Yeah. Those two things removed and we gonna be, because what happens is that it slows the viewership. Now we're not as, the algorithm doesn't recommend us. Oh wait a minute. Like it once did. That's why if you notice, if you notice our subscribers have Slowed hold, you know what I can do now, you know, know, I, I got the connection. I know the people at YouTube. I know the CEO. So if you need to make a call, let me know. Okay? Okay. No, we good. Nah, we going, we gonna Right. Wait, okay, we About the book. We, we gonna, we gonna, we gonna wait out. We've been great for 35 days. We got 55 more days.


So 55 more days. So by like the 20th of December. Okay, we gonna be straight. But a value, it's a valuable lesson. I'm a ask moving forward team, moving forward, reach out, ask. 'cause a lot of times, like they'll reach out like house of highlights and people, they'll reach out. Can we use, can we use this? Can I use that? Huh? We didn't know. Yeah, we didn't know. We didn't know 'cause but a lot because we didn't know who it was, it belonged to. Because like if somebody has something out there, I would like, okay, sure. But a lot of people will reach out. Shannon, can we use this clip from Club Shesha? Can we use this from Nightcap?


Sure, no problem. No problem. But we didn't, had we known, we would've gone through the steps. Just like people go through the steps When it comes to Shesha. When it comes to Nightcap. Absolutely. Yeah. But we didn't know. But it's a lesson learned. You live and learn. Ain't no problem. Yeah. He got, he got, he got the, the, the money that we would've made from that episode and that clip. It's cool. It's all good. Ocho Oh absolutely. You can't stop progress. Absolutely. Because One thing, by God he got favor now. You can't come on now. Yeah, he did. Yeah. Well he tried to and I was like, I thought about it. I said, nah, nah, I said nah, we not, we're not gonna negotiate with a terrorist.


You not finna hold us hostage. We are made a honest mistake, bro. You actually, you actually think we did this on purpose. It's the world we live in. You think we did this on purpose? It's the world we live in. Mo Most people are, they, they, they're opportunistic. Especially when they've known. You made an honest mistake. It's all good. Nah, I, I, no, I don't want 'em to get banned. I don't want, I I would not reach out. I would not tell time to do anything. It's all because I want the young brother to make his money. I want him to get his money. And he felt this was the best way for him to try to like come up. By all means, do what you need to do, bro. Damn. I'm Sorry to hear that, man.


That happens. Don't, Hey, he, he took food off both our tables. I ain't, I ain't the only one that lost out. But everybody, I mean everybody. You know what I'm saying? Oh, we got a big staff here. I got hell. I didn't know until we had a, I had a meeting, we got 20 people. Got God damn. Huh? 20 when you add up Nightcap and Club Shehe 20. And that's not even, that's not even talking about Shelly, just, just the people. Because Nightcap is every single day. So we got, I mean as we are talking Ocho we probably already got the clip up with Alabama.


Okay. We probably already got that posted. You got, you got, we got people doing, we got two people doing editing. Yes, yes, yes, yes. We got producers and everything. We got people damn near working around the clock to spit out, hey. Right. Cut it and it's gonna go out at a certain amount of time. So yeah, it's a, it's a, it is a big undertaking. It's a lot of, you know, people think, oh you know you can do this. No if, do you do it right because I wanted to look professionally done. I always wanted to be the best. I want people to like, okay, look at the lighting, look at X, Y, and Z. Look at the graphics. And we're always trying to, you see we have graphics for every segment. We have a ticker. We, we try to have it, we try to be as professional as we possibly can because we believe our viewing and listening audience because they're giving us their eyes and their ears.


They deserve the absolute best. And I'm not gonna be stand you and try to save money while shortchanging my, the fans that listen to Club Shea, that listen to Nightcap. That's not gonna happen. That's not gonna happen. So I just want you guys to know that we do everything we possibly can to bring you the best single show every single night, every night that we're on Sunday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday. Club Shesha, we pay a lot. Hey, we spend as tons of money. I mean just, just for the sites. When we go on the road, you know we spent I think for location fees just for Club Sheha, we spent three quarters of a million dollars.


That's not including the camera food. Right? I'm just saying for the venue that we go use, that's what we spend. 'cause we wanna make sure it's right. We wanna make sure it's done right. And so we, because I believe, I believe my fans deserve that. I believe people that listen to Nightcap, if they're gonna take time out of their schedule and Yeah, that's why I'm so hard on the crew. I say these people, you got these people staying up midnight, 1, 2, 3 in the morning and we gonna give 'em, nah, we're not gonna do that. That's not what we're gonna do. And I understand things happen, but it damn sure better not happen more than once.


So for the next 55 days, guys, we can't show y'all no video. I said all that. I said all that chat to tell y'all we can show y'all no videos. One escape monkey has been captured. The 43 others are still on the loose. See he was the guy, he was like, look here, you let them capture you. And that gives us the opportunity to get further away. Hey, That's funny. It shouldn't be too hard to find no monkeys now because where where wherever his trees at, that's where they gonna be. Hey, yeah, you right bro. My unc make too much bread to have a joint account. You damn right man.


But in South Carolina, do you know how far they can go? They with all Go but they won't be, they won't be hard to find because Yes. Remember they traveling packs? Huh? They ain't splitting up Ocho. Yeah Ocho do you know they could, they could Wood South Carolina. They could be in North Carolina. They could be Virginia, they could be Georgia. Hey, don't tell them where that little more foes are Somebody gonna spot 'em? Nah, season. Hey you saw playing Little eights? You saw our Caesar had them things organized. Yeah Man, they, hey, I don't want 'em to catch them.


I want 'em to. I want 'em to go. I wish I see 'em. I'm gonna organize a trip to get 'em back to where they come from. Where they got what they type monkey come From. I know they probably, they probably small, probably small monkeys. They can't be chimpanzees 'cause they would've caught them. I know it ain't no damn gorillas. They too damn big. They gotta be the, I forgot how he pronounce it. Remember Reese's, Remember the movie Reese Monkey, the Hangover? Remember the movie The Hangover? No, They ain't GotU. I forgot how to pronounce it. A, A Chuan or something. Oh, oh, oh, okay. Yeah. Little smaller. Yeah, probably. Probably a bunch of those. Yes, I know.


Yeah. See I told you it's Cause that's what Reese's Yeah they not That big. They not that big, right? Yes it's res but it's not spelled like, it's not spelled like Reese's the candy bar, it's Rh Damn. But hey, I'll organize a little thing to get 'em back where y'all from? They tell me where they from. I say look, I got y'all some fake Madagascar. Yeah. Oh there you go Capuchin. That's what I was trying to say. That's What you said. Capuchin Capuchin. They're all females. They weigh about seven.


They by the size of teddy bear. Yeah, that's what I was trying to, that's what you was talking about your name, right? Yeah. But Alpha Genesis breeds the monkeys to sell for medical and other research around the world. These the species. What makes them so unique and so special? OCHO they share about 93% of the DNA with a human. So when you test these drugs and you test these treatments on them, they infect them with certain diseases and illness and you can run Yes, if it works a test on them.


The Volume. Oh the places you'll go when you go in.


Tom's the beloved family footwear brand. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort. Our fall collection offers hundreds of styles for women, men and kids at great prices, boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic all forgot slip-ons. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save, spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden. Each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now


With shipped same day delivery. It's easy to get holiday essentials from the stores you shop most like the brands you love From Target, home Essentials from Lowe's or beauty products from Sephora. The best part. You also get more time to do what you love. Like bake cookies, decorate your space and toast the season with friends. Get more from your favorite stores this holiday season. Download the ship, tap and start shopping today.