
Hey, did you know the CMA awards is live Wednesday on a BC Chris Stapleton and Post Malone Kickoff Country Music's Biggest Night Plus Electrifying Performances by Lainey Wilson. Shazi, Ashley McBride, Luke Bryan, Dirk Bentley, and a one of a Kind. Collaboration by Thomas Redd and Teddy Swims. Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson. Host the CMA Awards Live Wednesday at eight seven Central on a B, C and Stream. Next, Dan Hulu. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole Different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you.


You can be Involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com. This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing.


All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video. There He goes. This week the AFCs oldest rivalry is reignited as the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns. Wow. What a play here. Coverage begins with TNF Tonight. Not a prime member Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Steelers and Browns Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume. The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch what we thought was gonna be a very uninteresting game. Turned out to be a very interesting game. Very, but the charges get out to an early lead and they hang on and they beat the Bengals 34 to 27. Even after an outstanding performance by Joe Burrow and his wide receivers. It was not enough as the charger hold on and went at home 34 to 27. A again, thank you for joining us for an episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp, that Gary Wright there is your favorite Liberty City native. He's a bingo ring of Fame honoree. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. We appreciate you. We adore you for all your continued support. Thank you so very, very much. Please make sure you check out Shape by La Porter. We do have it in stock knowing that the holidays was right around the corner and we want you to have a very festive holiday season. Thanksgiving, Christmas, new Year's or right around the corner. What better way to celebrate than with Shea by the Portier. And another thing, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


We had releases that dropped last week. I was held when I was well I live for you before I lie to you in a T-shirt form. Black Nightcap hoodies. And we had stay, we added. Stay with me now to the hoodies. Our best sellers are the OCHO tees and we've added a new color. We added it in black so this quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. ocho, as I mentioned earlier, the charges won their fourth straight game by defeating the Bingos 34 to 27 JK Dobbins broke the red a touchdown in lake. I'm not so sure if they tried to stop him or they let him score, wanting to get the ball back with an opportunity to do what they did at the end of the game.


ocho, which is throw the ball into the end zone with a chance to tie the game or go for two and win the game. But it was batted down at the end. Joe Burrow 356 yards, three touchdowns. He was 28 of 53, 56 0 to three touchdowns, zero interception. He was sack three times and they ran the ball. Diesel OCHO 25 attempt for 110 yards. But they ran what, 70 more 70 plays to like 58. They ran substantially more plays had time of possession was in their favor. But the thing that I hate so much for Joey B is that he knows he's gotta score touchdowns. Yeah. Give his defense credit OCHO for the most part in the second half, they held him to three points until that final drive in which they gave him a touchdown.


And I'm not so sure they didn't let him score because they wanted time on the clock. Didn't want them to bleed the clock down, kick a walk off field goal without Joe Burrow having an opportunity to touch the football. But the defense played better in the second half. Yeah, but you, it's hard to spot teams OCHO 21 points in this league and then track 'em down. Yeah. But to Beos credit, they tried to come back and make a ball game. OCHO you up against it now you are really up against the gun right now. Yeah. With the four and seven record. And you still have two games against the Steelers and the steel and the Steelers are better, are much better than we previously fought ocho. But this game right here, the Charger 34, the Bengals 27 ocho, what did you like and what didn't you like?


I mean, what I didn't like is that I didn't like the first half. I didn't, I don't like the fact that we're still starting the same way. We've been starting since week one. We start slow. We allow ourselves to put ourselves in a goddamn hole and have to climb outta that hole. 'cause our offense is somewhat of a juggernaut. If we are good as we are, if we, if we are good as we are in the second half of football game defense and defense, obviously they did what they needed to do in the second half. They give us the opportunity to come back in the game and do what we need to do to make it a competitive, make it a competitive game. And at some point maybe take the lead or maybe try the game. But in the first half when we get down into the red zone, unc, the fear goals is killing us baby. Yes, unc, the fear, the fear goals is killing us, man.


And I'm, I'm, I'm looking at the TV understanding now when we get into the raid area, anywhere, anywhere from the 20 on in, we have to find a way to put the ball in the end zone. Yes. We have to, the defense is struggling to find a way to stop the goddamn charges in the first half. Yeah. I'm not sure what, what adjustments Lou made in the second half where it gave us opportunity defensively we were able to stop him and hold him to three points, but we were able to come back and make it a goddamn game. But at that point it, you know, it's not, it's, it's, what's the word I'm looking for? Nut cutting time. A nut crunching time. And we just weren't able to get it unc and it's too late. We have to start the fucking game a lot faster. You do, You know the not to put ourself in the goddamn hole where everything in the second half has to be that much Goddamn perfect.


Yeah. And that's the thing With the, with the office, with the office we have, there's no goddamn reason, man, to be able to spot a team 21 points and be able to come back in a game when you really shouldn't be able to, if you spot a team, 21 points ain't no way in hell you should be able to come back. Even if, even if the momentum you said always, it's about how much you extend and how much grace you give yourself or you give a team and if, if you got a 2121 point lead, chances of coming back, it should be goddamn sin. But we do have a offense where you can do it and make it happen. But We don, we gotta start fast man. It is, it's killing me man. The defensive is up and down. It's so inconsistent offensively we start so goddamn damn slow.


We do get in the red area, we don't get six points. We, we we getting three points and it's, it is killing us. That's, that's, that's, that's really the issue. And people keep saying, and Joe is playing well, but he's got to get the ball in the end zone considering how poorly your defense has been playing because they're, they're second to last in red zone touchdown possession. They're giving up 72% of the drive when they team get the ball in the red zone, they get the ball in the end zone. Yeah. I don't know. And and when you get the ball into the red zone, you kick field goals. I don't know how you win those games, but lemme tell you how you got back into the game. Yeah. Because typical in Harbaugh fashion, he started to run the ball and they started to, and his Beal started to run blitz. So now they catch Ocho and you get it's second and 12.


Now they got you playing behind the sticks. Okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, on second and 12, you get five. Okay, now it's third and seven, you get another five, which it should be first down, now it's 32, now it's 30 and three. You see what has happened. And so they kept doing that. Bingo know, Hey, this Harbaugh, he ain't gonna do anything crazy. He gonna stick to the strip, the strip, he gonna run the ball on first down, let's get him with a run blitz, boom. And they got him, got him playing from behind the sticks. And then Herbert, I don't know if you if I'm the only one, but as the game starting the tightens, he starts the Titans. And this game was very reminiscent of what we saw against Jacksonville. They had a 27 point lead. Now this is a different coaching staff, but he's the same quarterback.


And as the game got tighter and tighter, all of a sudden the throws that he was making in the first half when he's playing loose, boom, boom, boom. You listen, you don't wanna make them mistakes, especially as young quarterback like Herbert. You don't wanna put the ball in harm's way when you know a team is coming back or the momentum has shifted, you know, in the Bengals favor. So again, your decision making it becomes a little bit different now as, as, as a quarterback as opposed to, you know, being a gun slinger that you were in the first half and taking some of those chances. Well you're the reason why they're probably coming back because back, because you're not throwing the ball and on third D you're getting the ass off the field as opposed to staring, staying on the field. Yes sir.


And, and yeah, it's difficult. Hey, when a team know you got to throw the ball, it gets very, very difficult. Now the chargers, you know, there's like, okay, let's give up nothing cheap, nothing deep. We'll make them nickel and dime my way down the field. But what happens when you do that is that you allow the office to get in a rhythm, right? You allow Joey B to get into a rhythm with Higgins and with Chase. And now you got your hands full. Yeah. So, because when you try to heat him up and when you try to get him off that point, he's already got a rhythm. Those guys have gotten a rhythm now. And so it's a lot more difficult to try to stop a team once you've allowed them to, to get into a rhythm. And that's the thing I don't understand either. I don't understand how the, the Bengals, every single game is the same damn thing we start, they spot teams tend, they spot teams 14.


Knowing, knowing if you spot a team, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho you spot a team back knowing what your defense is. Yeah. So even if we somehow able to finagle our way back in the ball game, what's the likelihood of our defense gonna be able to stand Pat for the entirety. Now the Bingos kicker, they not now McPherson, he's in his own head and we're gonna talk about this. The same thing with Justin Tucker. He's no longer automatic like he once was from the field goal or the PAT, but the Bengals ocho, they got their work cut out for him. They basically gotta go six and Oh Yeah, we We don't have a choice. Choice. They got those six and oh Yeah, we don't have a choice. Joe Burrow came out, you know, two weeks ago and said we had to win seven of the last nine.


Well You done lost two. Yeah, my my point exactly. We done, we done lost two of those already. So now, I mean if there's a team that can do it on, listen to me real quick in chat, chat for those you watching right now, if there is a team that can do it offensively from, from, from a offensive standpoint, schematically, tactically it is themed the way they're built offensively. But we gotta be able to start the game fast. You gotta put, but Ocho Gotta put the players an advantageous situation. You, you know, you just can't play with your offense. Right. Get it done. We Yeah, I listen, oh, we, I I I know, I know what you're finna say. You can't say can't play of offense, but Joe has to overcome the bad play on defense.


He has to overcome them having laws, different laws in the first half of the game. You, we, we don't have a choice. Ocho A choice Ocho, you just gave up 34, you gave up 41, you gave up 38. Man, come on man. I know, I know what you're saying. I I know what you're gonna say. There's nothing I can do, there's nothing I can do. I'm just saying from the outside in as a fan, as a fan of, as a fan of the bangles and as a fan of the game of football in general, the only way the Bengals are going to be able to win games, the offense has to overcome bad defensive play. The offense are gonna have the little spell in the spells in the first half and the in the second extend not plays, but the score line and being able to play from ahead and try to extend that lead as much as possible depending on when that, when that defense decides to have those lows.


I'm just trying to figure out, They gotta damn near play. Perfect man. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Before we go any further Offense, they damn gotta they damn they gotta play. Perfect. Champ, before we go any further, if your team didn't win today, I don't wanna hear you say foot or ball, Come on man. Don't do that. Come on man. All I know about Bronco, the Broncos won. Come on man. Broncos won. You see the Broncos ain 38 on them? Yeah, they, they, yeah, yeah, yeah. I what? Six five Oh Bo, why? I mean, what I tried to tell you about this ojo, y'all look, like I said, you still got the Steelers twice. Yeah man, you got the Bengals twice.


That's four games. I don't know who the hell out outside of that because I, I You said we got the Bengal swipe, but you, you said, I mean there's no browns. Y'all got the brown twice. Y'all got the Steelers twice. That's four. You only got, you only got six games left. Yeah, man, They only picked Brown once, so they got the Browns once again at home. Steelers Cowboys. Okay. Oh, y'all got the Broncos too. All right, well listen, I'm, I'm gonna go out on a limb. I'm, I'm gonna go out on, on a limb and I'm, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say it is up to Joe Burrow in that offense, man.


It is up to Zack Taylor. If we wanna win these next what? Six games? You Gotta go six. I believe. I, you know what, Ocho, hold on, talk to me. Wait, hold on. Before you say anything do, before you, before you say anything, talk to me. Nice now. Okay, Talk to me. Nice. You got, hold on. Are they only, so they got the Steelers on the, on on the 1st of December. So that's in two weeks, right? Yeah. So they Yes sir. They, so they, your guys go on to buy ocho. So you got the Steelers at home, you're at the Cowboys, you're at the Titans. Those should be wins. You should be able to beat the Browns. It's gonna come down. I believe your season's gonna hang in the ballot. Can you beat the Steelers last game of the season at the, on on January 5th in Pittsburgh?


I think, I think that's what's gonna come down to I, I truly believe that's what it's going to come down to. I think for us as, as a team offensively and defensively, Lou will be able to get those boys together and find a way to get a, some type of game plan. Some type of, some type of, I didn't even know, I didn't even know at this point. 'cause we're we, the, the season is almost over so we shouldn't be sure having these issues defensively. Now again, we played very, very well to allow the offense to be able to get back into the game simply because like you did say the pickleball, what you said, having the Chargers playing from behind the sticks, making it a little easier putting the ball back in the back in the offense's hand and allowing 'em to do what they need to do.


But the offense that we saw in the second half, the game that was gonna come back from 21 point lead is what we need from beginning of the game. From the start of the game. I'm not sure what the difference is in the offensively the second half from, from, from the first, but whatever we did in the second half, we need to start the goddamn game like that. Throw the, throw the goddamn kitchen sink at the motherfuckers. I dunno If y'all don't beat the Steelers in the first game in December, it's over for y'all. Yeah, you ain't gotta say it like that, But know what not To talk nice to me Man. I don't What's with your, you got what's going on with your wifi?


It ain't working. Keep fading in and out. Do you got, do you get the, because they give you two types, you can pay the extra $15 and get the super HiFi or you can get the, the run of the mill. Can you see me? Yeah, we see you, but it's your, it's your audio that keeps fading in and out. Oh man. Damn. See I don't like when I be in these hotels, boy, you, you, you want me to try to get a get the better, better wifi You want me to keep going what you want me to do? Well You, you probably should have got that from the beginning, but, but we learned, lesson learned moving forward. Justin Herbert now has 15 game winning drives in his career.


Only Patrick, Mahomes and Kirk Cousins have more since 2020. When Herbert entered the league, I guess somebody wrote a text, text from NFC gm. The amount of regret that teams have for not hiring Jim Harbaugh when they had the chance. It's very real Ocho Will Jim Harbaugh be the best thing to have happened to Herbert in his career? Absolutely. Absolutely. You have to understand, I see Harbaugh similar to a Dan Campbell, I see Harbaugh similar to that of a Dion Sand you go somewhere and the places that you do go, not only do you turn the, the franchise or the program or the organization around that you're with the quarterback that you're attached to also has success.


Yes. Being better with the ball offensively, being able to process information and make sure you play it a way where you always give your team the best chance to win the game. Which is why I think you, you saw what you did in the second half with him not making the desperation throws, which allowed the bangals to come back, come back in this game. The goddamn charges in a hole in its totality. They look completely different with a few different pieces defensively, but the defense looks different. The offense looks different. Quinn Johnson young brother, I salute you young brother. I salute you. Your confidence is there. You look like a completely different receiver today. I'm not sure if Harbaugh has anything to do with that, but I'm sure what he's brought to that culture and that, that that winning mentality has changed everything about that team that's including the players and their


play. Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


Oh the places you'll go when you go in Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic alpr goddess slip ons. You name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loper with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part when you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class perfect for date night or girls night apple picking or game day. We are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special last chance offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't miss this offer ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


These days. Being an adult can feel more overwhelming than it does fun. Any kids out there willing to trade places no worth a shot. But you know who can rekindle the magic of childhood? Apple and Eve Juice. We were the first to put juice in a box and 50 years later were still packing the joy. Our fresh, delicious fruit taste transports you right back to the goodness of childhood where afternoons of water balloon fights and rollerblading were made even sweeter by a refreshing sip of juice and with refreshing juice blends bursting with flavor. It's as good for your kids today as it was back then when joy was yours for the taking. So when the grind dulls your shine, tap your inner child to reclaim it. Sing your heart out in carpool. Play hide and seek in the supermarket. Relive those joyful moments with your kids by shopping Apple and Eve at a store near you. Apple and Eve. Let's kid ourselves.


The Bills hand, the Chiefs the first loss of the season. Josh Allen rushes for a late touchdown on fourth down. I don't know what the chiefs were thinking. They know they're gonna put the ball in Josh's hand and he's gonna run it. They have a five. Have a five, he's gonna run it. That's what he's done every time against the Kansas City Chiefs. When they get the fourth down, they get to 31. That's what you're supposed to do. Put the ball in your best player's hand and let him do what he does. But the bills put up 30 points against the Kansas City's defense that hadn't allowed more than 30 points since week four of 2022. Mm For Mahome did throw two interceptions. Allen improved the four and one in the regular season over Mahomes Buffalo is now nine two a half gained back of Kansas City for the best record in the A FC.


Mm. Look, isn't that, I mean people see the thing that I hate Ocho is that like when we analyze a critique, a great player and that's what Mahomes is. He's a historically great player. People's like, well Mahomes not playing well. And when you say that people think that you're trying to take away from what he's already done, no he's done that I'm talking about right now. Nobody can end their that even if you were the most hardened die hardest of Chiefs fans thinks Mahomes is playing. Well he's not. That doesn't mean, and because he's not playing well that doesn't mean, do you believe he could turn it around?


Yes, but let's deal with what we need to deal with. Look how many interceptions he has as opposed to touchdowns. Yeah, It's damn near like every game you pencil in, Mahomes gonna turn the ball over at least once. At least once. He's not playing well, he has not played well this year. He's had moments in which he's played well. But the totality, Mahomes used to play clean for the entirety of the game. He would go stretches where he'd have 5, 6, 7, 8 games and he would be virtually impeccable. Right Now you hope you can get five or six possessions in which he's impeccable but he's not playing well.


The defense gave up 30, like I said, think about it and see this is what normally happens. You know it's gonna be a situation Ocho, somebody is gonna put points on your defense. Yeah. This is where Mahomes needed to have that game to go get 31 to go get 34. So that's the question that you're gonna have to ask yourself. Chief fans follow the NFL. Right? If somebody can have have a day in which they get up on the Chiefs and have better than normal day against that defense. Right. And Patrick Mahomes and this offense out dual and opposing teams offense.


Yeah. And You know what? It used to be a no doubter. It used to be, unless you score 28 or 30 points, you couldn't beat the chiefs. Right. Well, well, well honestly, if you think about it and when it comes to the regular season, now the bills are four in one against the Chiefs. Yeah. But what it counts, when we talk about that dueling situation when it matters most and right. Mahome coming, coming in and playing his best football in Opportune times has been in the postseason where they are three and oh against the bills. So again, in the regular season, for some reason the bills, the boys had success when it comes to playing the Chiefs. But when it mattered most, when it mattered most in the postseason, Patrick, Mahomes has always come on top in those dual games like that.


But again, not to take anything away from the bills and what they did today. Hell I even, I even had the bills winning. I, I said Yeah, yeah. Everybody, I think everybody should have. I think the thing is Ocho is that people like, well Mahomes Mahomes, but we've never seen Mahome play stretches like this. That's the difference. Yet we know what he is, we know what he's done. Right. But we haven't seen him play like this. We haven't. He had, he had worthy wide open and he throws him, leaves him out of bounds. He leaves him up the field as a touchdown. It's, it's plays like that that he used to never miss. And now more, more, it's more routine to see him miss those throws than make those throws.


Right. Which is very uncommon. It's something that we're not used to seeing. The bills mounted five scoring drives of at least eight plays and 60 yards. Four of those plays ended on a touchdown and one ended the field goal. So five of the six drives of at least eight plays and 60 yards ended in scores. Four tds, one field goal. Mm. Josh Allen was 27 to 42 62. One touchdown one INT. They ran the ball 31 times for 104 yards. James Cook had two touchdowns and it was Josh Allen that sealed it laid on the fourth down 26 yard run.


Patrick Al. I mean look at it. 23 of 33 for 1 98. Has Patrick Holmes have a 300 yard game this year? He might have one. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe one. But again, you know, you know what else, what else? You know what else that comes into what That It makes it that much more difficult coming off a Super Bowl champion. I mean coming off a Super Bowl with him, everybody targeting you. Yeah. Everyone study, everyone has studied you, all your tendencies, everything you like to do. They studied your offense, they studied your quarterback. So it makes it that much more difficult Yeah. For Patrick Holmes in that offense. And the people have game planned and prepared to play you. So I think things are a little bit more difficult for them and, and that that's on Andy Reed to continue to do what he does and being as creative as possible to to to throw the team that you're playing off because they're a little bit better prepared.


Yeah. But give Buffalo credit. Buffalo Buffalo is is playing extremely well. Yeah, Josh is is playing. He's running. Hey he, you look at six foot 5, 6 6 2 50, 2 55 and he can run. Yeah. And he's a low and once he, once he opens up man, who trying to tackle him? DBS ain't trying to tackle that man. Uhuh So bad please. And, but he's playing well he throw the ball back. I mean he's had what, consecutive game? Three consecutive games. I'm not mistaken turning the ball over. But he didn't turn it over when they was in the red zone. 'cause a lot of times they was getting in trouble. He was throwing picks in the end zone. He was following the ball in the red zone and he was taking potential points off the, the board.


Even though any driver could have ended in the in points, you know, but when you throw the ball in the end zone and it gets turned over, you know you are already in field goal range. But yeah. Dang. If I told you the quarterback has thrown in 11 games and 10 games have thrown for 2,400 yards, he has 15 touchdowns and 11 interceptions. What would you say Ocho? They probably losing. Thank you. You're Probably losing if you don't put the, if you don't put the name, if you don't put the name and you just say the stats in general Yep. Losing team. Yep. And they're, whoever it is, is playing very bad.


Yep. Very bad. And so The fact that it looks like that, huh. And they're only, and they're still nine and one that says a lot about the player in general also as well. He's only had two games this season in which he has not thrown an interception. Yeah. Okay. Two games. How many 300 yard games has he had? He had one against the Saints. Yeah. Okay. Dang. Came close against the, the Ravens. He had 2 91 and then against the Bengals he had 1 51 2 17 against the Falcons. 2 45, 3, 3 1 against the Saints. He had 1 54 against the 49 ERs.


A 2 62 2 9 1 2 66, 1 96. His completion percentages off the chain. But that we understand why because they run a lot of smoke screen, they run a lot of screenplays, they lot of, a lot of shallows, a lot of spots. So it's not like before where he was pushing the ball down the field. Like do we understand the offense changed substantially. Once they lost Tyreek, they found a new way to, to get the ball down the field. They're not as explosive as they once were. Right. As long as you win, you win. But you make it very, very difficult when you turn the ball over and even as great as your defense is, you keep turning it over, they gonna, eventually they're gonna crack.


Yeah, most definitely They gonna crack. But give Buffalo credit, let's not a take anything away from them. They played really, really well today. They got some big time plays. Co had a couple of big catches. Shakar came up. Sha yeah. Samuel played really well, had came up some, some key third downs. But the Bills win and moved within a half game of Kansas City for the number one seat in the a FC. The Bills fans hang a Kermit the Frog puppet. And if I'm not mistaken, Ocho, they had a 15 on his jersey. Ocho what do you think about this? I mean, listen, it's, it is an ongoing thing with him making fun of, fun of Mahomes voice Home because of his voice, because of how he talks and comparing him to Kerman.


I think it's been an ongoing thing. I think Mahomes is, has addressed it and I don't think it, it doesn't really bother him. But I I I understand the whole thing they've won. But again, they might, those Bills fans might wanna be cautious. This is just a regular season. 'cause when it matters most we where God, pat Mahome is three and oh against, you know, the bills, the bills and their fans, we gonna see, he gonna remember that. He gonna remember that. So, you know, kudos to the bills. I mean, kudos to their fans. I I had the bills winning, winning this game and Josh Allen, man, young man, young Bull is the real deal man. He's the real deal. Obviously he did have a turnover and he has been turnover po in the past and I think that's been his Achilles heel.


But this year he's been, he's been protected the ball for the most part, extremely well this season. And I, I think, I think they gonna, they gonna go far. They gonna go, they gonna go really, really, really far This this year. You, you, you like, you like Buffalo better this year than in previous years. Oh absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. The fact that not only is Josh Allen playing, well he's not a turnover machine as he once was. He's not relying on the, on his arm strength. Right. To squeeze ball, squeeze ball in places where he shouldn't be trying to throw it. Yeah. So he's, he's he's improved on that and, and for the fact that he's not a turnover machine right now. I had the bills going much further as opposed to they have in previous years.


Lamar can't get it done. He couldn't beat can't beat the Steelers again. O Joe, the Lamar Jackson Steelers Russ the Steelers beat Baltimore 1816. It's just been difficult for the Ravens to overtake the Steelers when Lamar continues to struggle against them. Now, you know, the fans gonna come out there and say, well he ain't got no receivers and he ain't got this. They're gonna blame Todd Monkin for the call because it ain't Lamar played bad and he's played bad more routinely than not when he's faced the Steelers. I have a question, huh? Yes. About, so about the Raven Steelers game. Yes. Answer this for me. Yes. How, how many times did Derrick Henry carry the ball today? They ran, Derrick Henry had 13 carries. They had the ball, they ran the ball 19 times for 1 24.


Lamar Jackson threw the ball 33 times for 207 yards. Now we go back and look Cleveland, what was the ratio? But y'all don't wanna be y'all. But see when we try to tell you your, your, your recipe to make a great dish that everybody in Baltimore, in Maryland and surrounding counties is gonna love. We hate, but y'all keep doing it this way. But anyway, let me finish this O Joe. Yeah. The reigning MVP is now one in four against the Steelers after completing just 48% of its passes 16 or 33, which does not include a desperation toss on a failed two point conversion. Justin Tucker missed two field goals. He missed field goals from 47 and 50 yards in the first quarter, which marked the first time since 2022 that he's failed to convert on back to back attempts.


Tucker has now missed six field goals this season. Last season he only missed five. Tucker said the playing surface wasn't ideal. Tucker, how many years have you kicked in Pittsburgh? Every time. Name a time this time of year that the Steelers playing surface is ideal. What we've seen from Tuck is that he's no longer automatic. Oh, Joe, Yeah. Kicks from 50, 50, 55 and in they were money. Yeah. He could kick on the moon, he could kick in Pittsburgh, he could kick in Denver. It did not matter. But now they're, no, that's no longer the case because now what was, if the game was closed and you put it on the foot of Tuck, tuck was gonna handle it.


What did, what did, what did they do first game of, have they they played, who did the Ravens play the 49 ERs over the night? No, the Ravens played the Kansas City. Gimme the start. Let's let's see what the run ratio. The pass ratio because they've lost how many games have the Ravens lost four now, right? They've lost four. Let's, let's see the ratio run past, we know they lost when they passed the ball more against Cleveland and Pittsburgh. Let's see the other two losses. If the run ratio what it was Pro, pro, pro, probably the same. But We're gonna To find out because I, I wanna speculate. Let's let's get this right because you know, Ocho they want us to be perfect, so let's make sure we're perfect because somebody gonna say, okay, no choke, they did blah blah blah.


So we gonna make sure we got it right. Let's, let's see what, let's see what the ratio is. Hey, you, you do know if Tuck, if Tuck makes one of those field goals, the Ravens win the game. Right? Well if that's to say if Steelers cash one of those red zone possessions, you know they win the game. Right. So we doing hypotheticals. Right? Right. One team kick six, kick six field goals from the Red Zone. Yeah. Six field goals. Exactly. The Steelers in the game without scoring a touchdown. Yes. In real life. This ain't no video game and they got damn defense. Boy they know they were playing some ball like that. Right. 32 of 'em was running plays and they had 72, so that means 74.


So that means the other 40 was throwing. Okay, so they threw it more against Kansas City right than they ran it. They lost, they threw it more against the Steelers than they ran it and they lost, they threw it more against the Cleveland and they lost. What did they do against the Raiders? They lost against the Raiders also, I just, I just, I mean I just don't understand how you think 13 carries is enough for Derrick Henry? Nah, not even Cool. It's not that complicated. Now look, I understand early in the game it changed the momentum of the game. When Henry fumble, it looked like they were going in to get points then, and it kind of changed things around.


But give it back to him every game in which they lost, they've thrown the ball more than they've won. When they, excuse me, then they've run it. When they run it more than they throw it, guess what happens Ocho They win, they win, they win every time. Listen, we've talked, we've talked about the recipe for the Ravens for a very long time, you know, understanding what, what it takes for them to win games. Obviously when that, when when they do give the d when they give Derrick Henry the ball, I say more than 20, I say more than 20 times a game.


They always come out on the winning end in everyone. I just, I just don't, I I I just don't get it. I just, I I don't, I don't ocho I don't, I don't understand why you have Derrick Henry and you leave the, and you leave a game and Derrick Henry only has 13 carries and you feel good about that. The same thing. I mean he has 16 carries, he has 16 carries. If I'm, if I'm not mistaken, Ocho against Cleveland, I can't go back off the top of my head Times it, it, it, it was 16, the number was 16 against, against, against the Browns. It was 16. But also playing against Steelers. You know what I think it also does from, from for Todd Monken. Yeah. I think it scares them away from calling the run plays when the Steelers defense is playing that goddamn damn weight.


I But I thought you told me you don't let somebody dictate your play. Yeah, That what you tell me. You don't let nobody dictate call in the plans. Yeah, you don't. You don't. You're not supposed to. You're not supposed to. But again, when things aren't working, when things aren't working and it's not going good, you tend to stray away from it when another team is not allowing you to do what you wanna do. Oh yo, We saw this against the Bingos, you remember? Yeah. And over time they give the ball to Derrick Henry. What'd he do? He ran him to a victory. Yeah. Look, this ain't college where guys average 10 yards a clip every time they touch the ball. Yes, it's a lot of two yards, one yard, five yards, but you wear down the defense and plus play action.


You know, just ask Lamar just to drop back and throw the ball. That's not what he, can he throw the ball? Has he got exponentially better? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. But you need to play action off of that because the Steelers are very good. They got a nice scheme and think about it run through interception in the end zone though, Joe. Yeah. They would've got more points. Yeah, that, that, that should have been a touchdown. He just had to bring it down a little bit. Yeah. I say man, I say come on, I I just, I just don't get it. Why the Ravens are so hell bent trying to prove that we can throw our way to a victory at the end of the day, if you holding the Lombardi, why do you care how you got it? If you had to run back three punch to win the game or had to block two field goals, who cares?


But this is not your recipe for winning. Right. Dang. Hey. But it was a good game though, I can tell you that. Yeah, It was. I mean look, it's a rival game. It's gonna be highly contested. You gonna be close. Yes, yes. They turn the ball over three times. You know, you, I mean you go on the road, you turn the ball over three times. You probably, you probably shouldn't have been in the game Game to begin with. Yeah. You probably shouldn't had to be in the game. And based on, on on what we seen from the, the defense, they normally, they gave up 18 points and they kept 'em out of the end zone. Right. You know, the Raven teams have been having their way with Ravens in the secondary ocho.


Yeah. So give the Ravens credit for standing on their head and keeping them out of the end zone. But this, this was a very winnable game. This was a very vulnerable game for the, for the Ravens and they got, they've gotta find ways to win games like this. But I tell you what happened. Yes sir. They play like this. Jared go just sprung board right back into the MVP conversation. I don't know if you saw his game today. Oh yeah. Saw Did Anybody see you game today? I was disrespectful. Okay. Okay. You saw, so you saw it too. That was dis he strong board his way right back into the MVP conversation. You know who also is in there? Let's, I don't, I don't wanna leave Josh Allen. Josh Allen, I don't wanna leave Josh Allen out, out of that.


But you know what's gonna happen, What there? Lamar Jackson has a off game. He has a game where he doesn't play well today, but what's gonna happen? It gonna come back next week and he gonna put himself right back in the front runner for that. Goddamn. Well I still Believe he's the front runner. I'm just saying that, that, that, that Jerry Goff got his way back into it. Oh yeah, because he coming, think about it, Ocho he threw five picks and they still found a way to win the game last week. 'cause what? Right? Last week because in that final drive when they needed to get in position, what did he do? He made every throw. So all now it's much worse. You throw five interceptions that you lose the game. But he ended up having the game when he drive. Right.


So people go like, okay, yeah, he played bad, but when they needed to have something, he went and got it for him. I still believe Lamar's in the front. In the front. I mean what? Yeah, he had a touchdown and an interception. So now he has 25. He's 25 and three. Dang. That's still pretty damn good stats O Joe and there's seven and four. There's seven and four Now golf does have great numbers and they're, they've only lost one game. Yeah. Can I, can I ahead, can I I I don't mean to do this, but if the bangs were winning, Joe Burrow would also be in the MVP tion for Sure. Absolutely. The they have to be Right. I just wanna throw that out there.


I just wanna throw that out there. But y'all not, we dealing with people that winning, so don't bring that up again. Day win day. Come on chance. Say it with me. Win day. Win day. When gonna win a game? Win day. When day when they going win a game? Win day. Win day. Come on. That, that gonna win a game That's not necessary. You, you ain't got to do that saying I'm, I'm already, I'm, I'm, I'm already my feelings about my bangals man and, and I was, I was hoping we could pull it off today and just like if it ain't, if it ain't One thing, it's another, if it ain't, if it ain't One thing, it's another man. God dang. Yeah, it is.


I don't know. I don't know guys, I don't know if y'all know this, but I used to vote for a decade. I voted for all the league awards, all pro defense and offensive player of the year. And I'm just telling you how the guy, I know there's 50 men and women, I'm just telling you how they think y'all can say all that hate is y'all want to, but I'm telling you, Jerry Goff won a game in which he threw five picks because he had the game winning drive and he followed it up today. Did y'all see them drop a 52 piece? Oh Joe, did you realize they went touchdown, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown field gold kneel down. Lemme say that again. Touchdown, touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown, touchdown touchdown.


Field gold kneel down. Hey and I, if y'all know it, y'all make it seem like that man got like five touchdowns and seven and, and seven touchdowns and five picks. Go check his stats out and they're winning. They're the number one seed in the NFC. Yeah, The same thing. The same thing. Lamar didn't have the greatest numbers last year. He was 24 and eight. Right. Who were the number one seed. Ja Golf is gonna have outstanding numbers and it looks like they're heading for the number one seed. Number One seed. Yeah Man.


Three turnovers, two missed field goals. And it seems like the Ravens play their worst football where they play the fing Steelers Every time. Every Time. I'm like, damn, Listen you, you know, I, again, the the, the game is not as physical as it once was when we were playing unc. So I can't really say it was a, it's it's a two 10 strap game. But you gotta bring, you gotta bring your As two 10 straps and buckle that motherfucker up. Yep. Because obviously the turnover, but Derrick Henry was somebody coming from the side. It wasn't, you know, a, a hit. Right. You know, like, like, oh my goodness. He, he hit him so hard, he fumble, but it, it was, I'm not gonna say luck, just he had the ball and at the wrong opportune time it came out.


You know that that's it. And obviously two turnovers. The other two turnovers, eh, you take Justin Tucker, it's a game of inches. Uncle. Yeah. Justin Tucker makes one of those field goals. It makes a difference in the ball game. You know, I know it's hypothetical but it, but it makes a difference in the ball game. That's why when he was automatic, if he was automatic, like he, like he once was in, in, in, in the past, it makes a difference in the game when the offense is sputtering, when the offense isn't playing well yes, But you know what type of game is gonna be, it's nor these games are normally low scoring ocho, even if you score touchdowns, it ain't like these games been 35, 30, 35, 34, 41, 38. That's not the type of game.


These team, these teams are built on defense. They, they're bullies. Although Lamar, obviously the Ravens have an MVP and an offensive player of the year and Derrick Henry in the backfield. So they're a lot more explosive than they have been in the years past Flowers and Bateman and Aguilar and likely and Andrews, they got the, hey look, they got an off, there's no excuses for the Ravens this year offensively. There's none Ocho there's none. They got, they got Hill, they got Henry, you, they got two outstanding tight ends. They got good resta, they got good receivers. I love Zay flowers. Bateman Aguilar, they the a Wallace, they, they, they, they got some really, they got some really talented and good players, good pieces.


The, the thing that concerned me was the defense because I'm still a little shaky on their secondary ocho. I am, I'm, but I gotta give him credit today. They kept George Pickers under control. He had 12 targets, eight catches. Washington had two catches. Harris had four. They ran, kept it really under control running the football. 34 Karas for 21, 22. Yeah. I mean and the Steelers had what? 72 plays? They ran 72 plays to the Ravens. 52 55. How many total plays did the Ravens have? I mean it says Lamar threw third ball 33 times. They had 19 rush attempts.


But you probably have a couple of plays. Throwaways penalties. Dang. Yeah, so that's 52. So they have 52 to 70. 52 to 70 70. So the Steelers read 18 more plays 54 74. So they're still read 24. Okay. Are the Ravens their biggest detriment? This is what Lamar said. Absolutely. It's been that way over ever since last year I believe.


Going back to the FC championship game, we killed ourselves, the chiefs game in the offer. We killed ourselves. Raider game. We killed ourself today. Same thing. We can't keep beating ourselves in these type of game. It is annoying. What you think Ojo? Yeah, I mean there ain't no consolation O Joe, Be honest with yourself. Ojo you mean? Huh? So lemme ask you a question. Did this, did this, did this loss go into the, did it go into the, did it go into the, who got the win? Was it the Steelers or yourself? The Steelers gotta win. Okay, So you keep saying you beat yourself. At the end of the day, the same thing. It's the same results you lost. So guess what happens to come playoff time? If you beat yourself, you going home because this is not basketball.


This is not baseball. That's what we love about football so much. Ocho, you get one shot. That's it. One shot. Yeah. And some, a lot of times the best team doesn't always win. It's the team that plays the best that day. Yeah. That's why we love football, because we gonna probably get that upset. You're probably not gonna get the upset that you would normally get in a series, because the better team over a seven game series, the better team would normally win, Right? But in one game, and anybody can happen, Right? They gotta find a way to fix these miscues. They gotta find a way to tighten this thing up.


They gotta go into the point. Listen there. I don't care what anybody says, Derrick Henry needs to get the ball more than 13 damn times. Yeah, most period. More than 13. More than 11. I don't care if Lamar Jackson is, is going perfect from the, and and we've seen him go perfect. We have. He he had a perfect game where was either like six, 17 or 18. But look how many carriers they give Derrick. Y'all got to give him the ball. That's why you brought him in. Yeah. He's not a fancy accessory. He is a necessity. Right? Not an accessory. Y'all need to treat him as such. Right?


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping point designation. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in Toms, the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic alga slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim, seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date, and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special last chance offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't miss this offer ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian bike special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory, ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


These days. Being an adult can feel more overwhelming than it does fun. Any kids out there willing to trade places know worth a shot. But you know, who can rekindle the magic of childhood? Apple and Eve Juice. We were the first to put juice in a box and 50 years later, we're still packing the joy. Our fresh, delicious fruit taste transports you right back to the goodness of childhood, where afternoons of water balloon fights and rollerblading were made even sweeter by a refreshing sip of juice and with refreshing juice blends bursting with flavor. It's as good for your kids today as it was back then when joy was yours for the taking. So when the grind dolls your shine, tap your inner child to reclaim it. Sing your heart out in carpool. Play hide and seek in the supermarket. Relive those joyful moments with your kids by shopping Apple and Eve at a store near you. Apple and Eve. Let's kid ourselves.


Jets continue their their continue to be terrible. The Colts go on the road and they win. Aaron Rogers worst winning percentage than Zach Wilson and Sam Donald in a Jets uniform winning, winning percentage of starting quarterbacks for the Jets. Zach Wilson, 360 4. Sam Donald, 3 42. Aaron Rogers, 2 73. The jet fired Roberts when the team was two and three. One game, one game outta first place in the AFCs. The team. Three losses at the time, 49 ERs five and five Bronco six, five back against eight and two Denver, Minnesota were one score losses with the Jets offense. Failing to score in the, on their final possession since they fired Robert Solo.


The New York Jets are one in five. So who they gonna, who they gonna point to blame at now? Huh? I'm just curious, The media, who they Gonna point to blame At Now, the media. When Aaron Rogers talked, who's he going to blame now? The media. Well, he can't blame, he can't blame Mike Williams. But the media is distention in the building because they've been losing so long and these guys don't understand what it takes to win. He ain't gonna blame. He gonna put it on himself now. Oh, you thought he gonna say him? I I would, I would hope so. I I would think at some point, understanding that you are the leader of that team. That at some point you take accountability. You take accountability for the fact that maybe I'm not playing well, maybe I'm not playing as, as good as I should be to give us an, a chance to win in those moments when it counts most.


Am I making the throws? Am I making the plays to give my team the best chance to win? You know what? Right now I'm not playing Well, not once, not once. Have we heard that at all? M The numbers speak for itself. Ass s Mess, mess, mess. That's what they need to be shouting. I would go with Marshal on one side. I would be on the other side. Yeah. MES Mask, mask, mask. I, I'm just, I they run people now. Look, you blame Robert Solo. You blame What's the, what's the coordinator?


Hackett. Nathaniel Hackett hack. You blame Mike Williams? I, Yeah, I just waiting on, I'm just waiting on a roll call Who next chap. Who next who get blamed? Hey again, the funny thing about it is this has been an ongoing issue. Whether Aaron Rogers was there or not, regardless of what quarterback was at, to him, regardless of what quarterback was there in that situation, the gist have always had this problem for a very long time, for a very long time. They haven't had a winning season for a very long time. But I thought on, hold on. I thought he finally fountain. What about that cayenne pepper in water? I thought that was a fountain of the youth. Fountain of youth. Well, that cayenne pepper in water.


What? Hold on. What about, what about when he, you know, what'd he say? You gotta embrace the darkness, right? I thought we embracing darkness. Right? I thought we gonna our house Waka, or that was, or whatever it is. You know, that stuff that the, the hallucinogenic properties in it, right? Right. It cause you to go outta your mind. Maybe you need to take another trip. I mean, hey, they got a game next week, but why don't you go on vacation? I mean, it ain't required, you know, gain, you know, sometimes they're mandatory, sometimes they're voluntary. So maybe you take a, you know, take a voluntary trip, just go away. Right? I mean, three and eight, what you think, what you think the Jeff's record would be without him, if I three and eight with him, you don't think I go three and eight without him and save 50 million?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you paying for what you think you're gonna get, you're paying for what you think you're gonna get from the past and what he's done in the past based on his resume. That's what you're paying for. Yes. But see, that's what I love about sports Ocho because it's the One thing that you require. You update your resume every single week. You got to, You got to, Oh, oh, you got this great resume. Oh, I, it's unbelievable. It's impeccable. Yeah. Janet Jackson said it best. She said, what have you done for me lately though? But you know what, you know what's funny? You know, they always stand in a certain position, grace, when it comes to what they've done in the past. Well, that, that's what, what they think. They Always extend a certain, a certain quarter, a certain position.


They extend them grace based on what they've done in the past. I don't, I believe Ocho I am a, this is how I believe. Yes, sir. I believe that there has never been a player or a person that's been above reproach. I don't give you what you deserve. I give you what you earn. He's earned the criticism in which we are leveling against him. Right. Everybody knows. If you know me, if you follow Shannon Sharp for my time on undisputed, I've been Aaron Rogers biggest supporter. Do I think he's arrogant? Yes. Do I think he's flippant? Yes. Do I think he's condescending? Yes. Do I think he's dismissive? Yes. Do I think he blames others for his mistakes?


Absolutely. But I say he's one of, he's the greatest thrower of the football that I've ever seen with my own two eyes. Yeah. And I believe too, I believe I can fairly assess, do I like how he's treated somebody to blame others? No, but that doesn't stop me from doing my job in saying he's a damn good when he plays. Well, I have no problem saying Aaron Rogers has played well for seven and a half years. But I know, but I've talked to people, I know people and we'll just leave it at that. Right. But hey, and you are right.


A lot of times when someone is so great, you are willing to overlook their flaws. That's a good one right there. And that's when anything, it's just not with sports, somebody that's really good at something, you allow them to do a lot of things that you wouldn't allow somebody else to do. Right. But what I think, the thing that I love most about a person, about, about people that have power is they, they don't music. John knew John could miss practice or he could not be at many camps or he could do something never.


Right? Never. Yeah. But see, when you blow, when you blow it off, see there's, see there's a difference between being able to influence people and being able to lead people. Now don't y let that go over y'all head now. That's a good One. Let's move on. Let's go, let's move on Ocho, because I argenx we gonna, we gonna steer here. This was Richardson's first game back as a starter and was a milestone afternoon for the second year quarterback. He threw four career high, 272 yards and a passing touchdown and had his best completion percentage in a game where he attempted at least 20 passes.


Richardson also added 32 yards and two scores on 10 Rushing attempts is his first game with multiple Russian touchdowns since week two of 2023. Today was his first game with three combined touchdowns. If I'm not mistaken. I saw something that says Richardson is younger than Shado Sanders. He's younger than Beck. He's younger than Cam Ward. He's younger than all the quarterbacks that's playing that's gonna come into the draft ocho. And he's two years in the L. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, it is. It is. And and, and on on top of that. I'm happy if you provide that. I meant to send it to you because, Because I, I was reading this thing Ocho, right?


George in college. Yeah. Cam Waters in college. Beck's in college, Right? This guy's in second year in the league. Yeah. And he's younger than them. How, how does that happen? He's younger than Bo Nicks. How does that happen? How does that happen? Don't me lie. You gotta get me to lie. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Listen, I'm, I'm happy He's younger than Shado Sanders, Carson Beck, Dylan Gabriel, Jayden Daniels, Caleb Williams, Bo Knicks and Michael Pennix Jr. Okay, I'm confused. How, how does that happen? He's been in the NFL for two years. Covid, I guess. You know Covid, you got, you got three, four, you got three extra years.


So normally you have five to do four and with Covid you got eight to do five. Right. That's all I got for you Ocho. I wish I could give you something else Ocho to Hey, so you can sink your teeth too. But that's all I got. Right, right, right, right, right. I really can't bite into that, what you just told me. I can't bite into that Because how old is he? How old is, how old is he? Like 21. He's 21. He just turned 22. Well, young young boy. Young man. Yes, young. I'm glad he played. I'm, I'm glad he paid. Well, I'm glad he bounced back too.


I'm glad he bounced back too. You know what, on Joe, maybe that situation where he pulled himself outta the game, he learned right? He young. Yeah, he young. I mean, lesson learned sometimes Ocho you just keep your mouth shut. Yeah. That you ain't, you ain't gotta share everything with everybody. Right. Right. He was a little too honest. A little too honest. He was a little too honest to a fault. Sometimes it is okay to misspeak the truth if it will say great harm or embarrassment. Yeah. Hey, you know what else I, I need him to do offensively. What you need. You already know he had a shoulder surgery.


Shoulder surgery. He got stopped lowering that shoulder. Put that the other bad shoulder. Give the left. So I got, I need this one. Forget. Forget that part. They tho these are design runs. unc. Yeah. They put in harm's way with design runs. Yep. Obviously trying to take the ball outta his hands and making sure he doesn't, you know, have any turnovers and make sure he protects the ball. They can give him design runs, protect your quarterback a little bit more. Yeah. Protect him, protect him a little bit more please. But Ocho, if he just, if he gets 3% better Yeah. With the weapons that he has. Yeah. Pierce the pitman Jr at Ollie. Cox, man Ocho. Yeah Because he got weapons.


Jonathan Taylor can run the football. They got a solid offensive line. Now. It's not as as dominant as it once was. But they're still solid. Yeah. Yeah. Most Definitely. They're still solid. Oh boy. If he just get incrementally better going to the lab and says I'm gonna get better at throwing this damn football. Yeah. Being able to touch being, being finesse. Every ball, every ball doesn't have bullet With that, with that, with that, with that offense, with that offensive west skill. The weapons that he has, Hey, he can be, he can be, he can be. He can be special man. Because you see it, you see six, what is he, 6 4, 2 55 he can run.


Got great athleticism. Yeah. But at the end of the day, you gotta be able to throw the football. The best. Quarterbacks will probably your least athletic. They're the least athletic players on the fing field. Now. Not, I mean obviously you take Vic and you take guys like Vic and Lamar, but on average when you go back and look at all the quarterbacks that have played, yeah. The only position they could have played was quarterback. What, lemme ask you a question. What position you think Tom Brady was gonna play other than quarterback? Peyton, Danny, Joe, anything. Anything but quarterback. Yeah.


Hey Vic, probably Vic could have been a running back, could have been a db. Same thing with Lamar. Could have been a running back. Could have been a wide receiver. Yeah. Most, most of us played quarterback at some point in time. Played wide receiver, played running back, played defeat. I guarantee you most of the quarterbacks, the only thing they ever played was quarterback. Quarterback. Yeah. Detroit was fired on all cylinder today. Ojo, if they demolished the Jags 52 to six Lion set a franchise record for margin of victory plus 46 total yards. 645 First downs, 38. Detroit scored touchdowns on each of its first seven offensive possessions.


The lines are only the third team in the past 45 years to do it. The two are the Patriots, the 2009 Patriots and the 2007 Patriots. A team, you might remember when every game they played that season until the Super Bowl. So Jerry Goff was 24 of twenty nine, four hundred and twelve yards, four touchdowns, zero picks. They ran the ball 43 times, hundred and 96 yards. Yard. Yard. And they had four 40, they had 449 total pass yards. They took golf out.


Herndon Hooker came in. He was three or four. Ahman, Ahman, Roth, St. Brown, 11 catchers, 1 61, 2 tubs, Jameson Williams, four for 1 24 touchdown. Jamir Gibbs one catch 54 yards, Khali Raymond, two catchers, 30 yards, so forth and so on. And a partridge and a pear tree. Yeah. Hey, how you stop that man? How you, how do you stop When you like that? When you gain contributions from everywhere, from your running game, from your passing game. You got two receivers going over a hundred. You can't find a way to stop a Monroe. You can't find a way to stop Jameson Williams. Then you gotta deal with the goddamn running game.


You gotta deal with Montgomery crazy ass. You gotta deal with God. Gibb sunk the Hedgehog and Jamir Gibbs, there's nothing you can do. And then defensively, they pan defensively. You got damn Brian Branch crazy ass and the rest of that goddamn company out there. They playing extremely well. I mean what? I mean, what do you do? What do you do? You hang up 52. This is the NFL game. This is the NFL game against another NFL team. A NFL team. That's supposed to be the best of the best. I know it's the JI know it's the Jags. I know it's the Jags. But still these are the one percenters, these are the one percenters in the world where we are just display our best players that we have to choose from in a, in a draft in free agency or however they were acquired.


I think they got 52 points hung up on them on 52. You gotta force them to turn that ball over if they don't turn it over. The likelihood of you keeping them out of the end zone. Ben Johnson is doing an unbelievable job. Didn't he get fired somewhere? Didn't somebody fire him? What was he at? What was he at New Orleans. Where was Ben Johnson at? Because this ain't his first job. I don't think it's his first OC job. Yeah, Mr. John. He, he went with the Colts at one point or am I tripping? I thought he was at the Saints or was it Carolina? He was with the Dolphins. That's his only job. That's his only stop.


Where was he after that? Oh, okay. Wow. Where was he before? Huh? He Was at the Dolphins and he's been with the Lions ever since. So that means he might, but think about it. O might the man had five interceptions last week. He had five Incompletions this week. You see, I you see they, they, they, you know, you know One thing, my grandma always told me say God has favor. Huh? Clearly. Because remember Ocho he had a game where he was eight. Well, 18 or 18. 19 or 19. Damn near perfect. I think that was through So what, what, what is, what is Jerry Goff's stats now?


I guess this thing outta batteries. Put them up ass getting Jerry golf stats right now. 20. Okay. 29 and 2,500 yards. Well what you call 'em almost like 3000 yards right now. Joe. Bur who? That? Joey, Joe Burrow. I thought Joe crossed 3000. He crossed That's, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, he got it because I I think he was slightly above Lamar. Right? Right. Slightly. And Lamar and Lamar only had like a hundred and something, maybe 200.


But anyway. Yeah. Joe, Joe, Joey just crossed. He's at 3000. He's right at 3000 or he's slightly over 3000. Right. The Volume.


Mrs. Meyers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents. No dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden. Each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com.


Now,


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. Check out bos.com.


Did you know there's no Tom at Toms, our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with Toms from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr goddess slip bonds. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.