
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs, Bank USA, salt Lake City branch terms, and more. At Apple Card dot com,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue s Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm Personal Price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Holiday Magic is in the air. And DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


Pros. Trust The Home Depot for heavy duty storage solutions for any job site or garage. Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage and or organization impact and water resistant totes and shelving built to hold up to 2,500 pounds. Storage systems have space for all your tools and protect them in the garage, on the job site, and everywhere in between. Save time and maximize efficiency. With adjustable shelving customized to your business needs, shop and save on prorate storage at The Home Depot. How pros get more done,


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Sam Dahlin has been phenomenal the entirety of the season. Listen, what that what's on my Bingo card? I'm just gonna be honest with you. I'm gonna be honest with you. Oh Hell, it wasn't no, That was not on my bingo card. Is he eligible for comeback later? You choke come To they give it to who else did they give it to you? You have to because you're not expecting it. You've seen him be a starter in New York. You've seen him being started. He's ineligible because he didn't come back from elder because after they gave it to Joe Flacco, people got upset. They're like, hold on. Joe didn't come back from nothing. He just came back off the damn couch.


Come on Man. I I I understand, but listen, I I I understand you, you gotta move the goalpost a little bit when it, when it comes to, to the, what's the word I'm looking forth to the, damn, what's the word? Anyway, Hey, chat. Sam Donald deserves to comeback play of the year, whether he's coming back from an injury, whether he come back from playing bad. We've seen what he looked like when he was in Carolina. We saw what he looked like when he was with the New York jet. Yeah. The way playing the way he played this year, man, he's deserving of that award. I don't care what the prerequisite may be to win it, man. Forget that he deserve Nah, ocho because you can't come back from playing bad. You just some sauce.


You gotta come back from a illness. You gotta come back from a a, a major injury like Adrian Peterson, like Teddy Bruski like Tom Brady. You know, you need, you gotta come back. Well, nobody, no nobody's, nobody's in contention to win that award because nobody's playing that damn well that's coming off of any type of injury or illness. So this year we need to just give the award to God damn Sam Donald. Now I don't know who I need to talk to. I don't know who Soapboxing I need to stand on and who I need to, to send a letter of recommendation to for Sam Donald. But I will do so. I'm trying to think who's in even eligible that I can think of off the top of my head.


Quarterback or Running back team. And the fact that you have to think, let you know who needs to win it. There it is right there. I I got a PP real quick Tell if that's the case, what you call him going win it, Joe Burrow. Joe Bur, I mean, Joe Burrow had torn ligaments in his wrist. So I mean, if I had a vote, that's who I'm voting for because he is coming back off of something coming back because you lack of a better term suck that ain't overcoming something that's overcoming your own bad play. That's not an injury. That's not an illness. I think Joe Burrow would, will, would, would, will, will probably win that award considering he missed what, five, six games last year and he's coming back and he's leading the league in touchdown passes.


Passes. He's leading the league and, and, and, and, and passing yardage. Yeah, it's for me, that's who I think would win it. I would definitely give it to him. Oh, okay. Yeah, JK Robinson. Hell he out again. So he might be ugly before next year. He might be ugly before next year, but I get why they doing it this way because Joe Bur got it and all he did was come off his couch. He didn't come off an injury or anything like that. And it's like, that's not what coming back from, because that's the case. There are a lot of guys that's come that that sucked one year and played really well the next year. But that's not what the war was intended for. Joe Burrow's gonna win this award, you know that right? Joe? You remember Joe Bur Joe Burrow hurt his wrist last year?


Yeah. In missed six games. Okay, now you still, th you still think, oh Sam Donna's going get that. Shouldn't get that award. Don't, Don't try to put Joe in this. Don't try to put Joe in this conversation conversation you wanna have and you wanna use Joe Burrow's name. It needs to be the MVP conversation's, not no comeback player of the year. We used to see him play great. We're Did Joe did, did Joe Burrow overcome an injury? I understand. Did he finish the season last year? It's a simple question. It's a simple yes or a simple no. Did Joe Burrow finish the season for the Cincinnati beats last year? So therefore he would've been a player that overcame injury or an illness. Now what was the injury or the illness that Sam Donald overcame to make himself eligible for this award?


The illness is happened to play for the Jets organization. He wasn't with the Jets, he was with the 49 ERs. He was the backup. Okay, let's try again. The Panthers organization then He wasn't on the Panther. That was two years ago. He was on the 49 ERs or the backup roll again. Let's try Nine. You know what the got him the, the, the, the, the mental, I'm trying to think of a word to use help Sam, Sam out right here. And I can't think of an of an argument. I can't think of an argument That lets you know. Right there. You got it. There you go. That was a good, okay. If there's an MIP if you wanna say most improved player, but I that's the only in basketball, right?


Right. We don't have football. I, listen, I'm trying to figure out an argument for him, but I I can't right now. I can't Oh, you gonna figure out an argument for Slam Donald? Oh, with Joe Byrne for Comeback Player here? Yeah, because I'm not, I don't, I don't listen, we're used to seeing Joe play great, you know, regardless, we're not saying, oh, all of a sudden he came back from injury Most because Used to seeing him play like this. That's why. But there's not the most improved. It's comeback back, come back in the definition of the bylaws. You must come back from an injury or an illness. You still haven't told me the injury or the illness that Sam, Donna overcame being The, the illness is having to be a backup for some, some horrendous teams.


Well being a backup for, for bad job. I I'm say that, I'm just saying the two before that. The previous ones before that You don't get out. What a minute. So you wanna jump, you wanna jump two years, three years, listen and says, okay, he's still overcoming back. That stuff takes a mental toll on you. That stuff takes a mental toll on you can, can you imagine, you know, the dysfunction you had to deal with back to back in, in two different places, then all of a sudden you get the sunshine over in San Francisco where things are okay, but you don't get to see the feel, you don't get to show them what you can do. You know, you Well, I get, I'm give it to Bryce Young then. Ah, how about that? Bryce Young won one game.


He look, Hey, he looking good though. He see, he's looking good. We, we, we get, we get that in a minute. But that's a good, that's A good argument. I mean, you don't wanna give, you don't wanna give it over to Bright. Yeah. Hold, chop this out. He won one game last year and he got benched during the season this year. Damn. A we know this. That's, there's a chance, you know, that I, I I don't know there's the chance, but Sam, with Sam do I'm give you the Ricky p Ricky Pearsall got shot. Hey, Dale got shot On. Come on That on something.


Yeah, Man, come on. That be, that gotta be something though, champ, Man. That don't count. Don't count. Oh, okay. Damn. Hey listen, Sam is playing so well. I think he's played himself. He, he's played himself into a, a, a good contract with another team. But I don't think, I don't think the Vikings let him go. I don't think the Vikings let him go simply because of the uncertainty in JJ McCarthy going to be healthy and ready to go when he gets back. Back isn't another situation where it could be like a Kirk Cousins and a Michael Pitting Jr.


Do we secure Sam Donald and knowing what he gives you, if McCarthy happens to go down again, I mean, you I yeah, you willing to invest a hundred plus million guaranteed. Because you see what it, and I tried to tell you and said no, now cousins made 62 million this year. He's gonna make another 38 million next year to get him at a hundred. Now they're not gonna pick up that roster bonus because they picked up the roster bonus. They had to ensure the rest of it, which would've been 180 million. So now he gonna be pull a rust. You okay with that? Now, I don't look, and I tried to, and I said Ocho at best case scenario, cousins give you two years.


Right? That's the absolute best case. And you paying them a hundred million. What happens if he gives you one exactly what he gave You? Hoping your fingers are crossed, your fingers are crossed. And it didn't, it didn't work. It, it didn't work out how we thought it would. We didn't get the Kirk Cousins that we thought we were gonna get. Now we we saw him. We saw him. We Saw him. Oh, we did. We got the first half. But there was a five game stretch when you got the Kirk Cousins that we know he could potentially be also, but when He was on, he was on. But when he's off Oh, oh, he off. I'm talking about he off. Yeah, yeah. When he is off Yeah. Hide the women and children because hey, he about to pull his pass down.


It ain't it ain't it ain't pretty. And it was, it was bad. It was, it was really, really bad. The Baltimore Ravens defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers about to score 34 to 17. They Clinton the playoff spot move. Yeah. One game. Now they win. Pittsburgh lose, they take over the sole possession of the end of, of the A FC South. The two teams are tied atop the division of 10 and five heading into the final two weeks of the regular season. The Raven Stress Ball security all week, turning the ball over 19 times in the past nine games against the Steelers. Yeah. Today it was the Ravens that forced the takeaways. They forced to pick six. Marlon Humphrey picked Russell Wilson after Minkah Fitzpatrick had picked Lamar Jackson and then Russell Wilson.


I don't know why he's, he didn't slide because Russell normally slides, But Oh yeah. Got the situation. He thought he could run the guy over and the guy w it and the ball popped out because Ocho they're going in to score a touchdown. And now you don't even get any points outta that drive. Right. They take the ball and go back down the field the other way. Right. But the Ravens played really good today. Yeah. Very, very. Hey Chad, but hold on. Did y'all notice the thing today? Oh, So you think today, How many, how many carries? How many, how Many? Four carries buck? 62. Woo. Woo. 24 carries. Now guess how many throws Lamar Jackson had? How many? 23 A one.


Oh yeah. You could tell Unc just watch the highlights. Okay. Watching no games. Yeah. UNC has watched a thousand games and UNC understands how the game goes. That guy in the backfield makes the game a lot easier for Lamar. Yeah. Because now he's shooting fish a barrel. You know why? Because when he sticks that ball in that number two, two belly and he pulls it out, all of a sudden them safety's running downhill because it's, it's very hard to stop six foot 2, 245 pounds with a light box. Especially when it's gonna coming downhill. Now you, you, you want, you want somebody that big, you want 'em going east to west. Now if they're going east to west, it's, it is. Okay. You gotta, you gotta, you got a chance. But once he's coming downhill, man, listen, may God be with you.


But you know what, Ocho they did something different. They did a lot of, they, they put him in, they actually put him in the offset and he did a lot of rolling back, hit the ball going one way and he, he ran it back. But give that ravens offensive line credit. They did an outstanding job today because you talking about a team that gives up 94 yards a game rushing. And today they ran the ball 38 times for 220 yards. Yeah. Really? Well, listen, I'm not sure, I might, I might be wrong, correct me if I'm wrong, Ash, if anybody that can hear me in the back, I think Lamar against the Steelers, he might have been one in three, maybe one in four. Yeah. Something like against the Steelers. Yeah. So this is, this is one of his first times winning in winning in convincing fashion in somewhat of a playoff.


A playoff atmosphere. This is what it would be like. This would be like, obviously I wouldn't say you, you would be playing the Steelers, but still a game of this magnitude where everything needs to go, right? Yeah. Everything needs to go right offensively, defensively, they play very, very well. And for Lamar, obviously kudos to him as well. I think he has 36, 37 touchdowns passes. Yeah, I think he has 37 and another three Russians. So he has 40 touchdowns with four interceptions. He has a couple of fumbles, but he has fewer, he has fewer than eight turnovers with 40 interceptions now. Absolutely. Now everybody keeps saying with those numbers, y'all didn't say those numbers last year because Lamar Jackson had 23 touchdowns and eight interceptions. Y'all said it was the record.


Look at his team. Now y'all want to flip it because y'all guy got the better numbers and y'all don't wanna look at the record. So what are we doing? Is it record? Because y'all make it seem like Josh Allen got 22 yards passing. I just go by what y'all said because last year when Lamar Jackson had 23 passing touchdowns, OCHO and eight, they said Lamar was the MVP. Because look at the record, Shannon, isn't it about winning or is it about stats? I just wanna know Buffalo's records. Is it about winning or is it about stats? I'm just asking Chad, y'all enlighten me. Well, Listen, every, it depends on who you ask unc. It depends on who you ask. No, your answer gonna change depending on who you ask.


The goal post gonna move to, now you know, it, it Line, I mean I thought the field was hundred yard y 50 now. Damn. I wonder why this score Can can I ask you a question? Yes. With an honest answer. Yes. Hey, chat y'all, y'all let me know also in the chat, if you had to pick today, if there was an MVP tomorrow for you based on what they've done this season. Yeah. I'm not sure how you, I don't, don't know how you gauge it. I don't know how you grade it. Who is your MVP? Be, be honest. Be honest with yourself and you know, take the favoritism out even if it is your team. Yeah. Who you pee on. Boy, that's tough. It's tough because it's hard to ignore Lamar's season. The man has 37 passing touchdowns with four interceptions and he's probably around what, 4,000 yards.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC,


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals. Fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.


Miles. Garrett wants to be a part of the Browns, but he doesn't wanna be a part of the Browns if they're in a rebuild mode. Gary said, I'm not trying to rebuild, I'm trying to win right now. And I want that to be apparent. When the season is over and we have those discussions, I want them to be able to illuminate or illustrate that for me so that I can see something I can see in the near future. Because that's all I want to do. I want to stay loyal to the team that show loyalty to me and faith in me by drafting me. But we have to do at the end of the day, what's best for us. Garrett a five time pro bowler, a three time all Pro played just has played in just three postseason games. Two of them came in 2020 when the Browns front earned their first playoff win since 1994 and again last season.


And a lopsided 45 to 14 loss to the Houston Texans. Hey Ocho. IIII like the Ultima. I like the ultimatum. Basically that's, that's all it is at this point. If we're in a rebuilding stage, if we don't find a, a resolution at the quarterback position, please do right by me so I can have a chance to compete at a, at the playoffs and for a Lombardi trophy allow me to go to a team that, that's going to be in contention. Where would that be? I Should have my name on the back. Why aint getting the name on the back of my shirt? I need the back. I need my name. Yeah. Oh, Back the, The back.


Absolutely. You, you get your name. Get your name stitched on there. Yeah, I wanna get my name on the back. They might not, they might not recognize who I am if I don't got my name on it. I understand. I understand his frustration. But lemme ask you a question O Joe, how close, how close do you think the, the Bengal Bengals, the Browns are to being a legitimate team that can ultimately reach the destination that I with? The Browns have a very good defense. Yeah. They have a very, very good defense.


I know, I, let me, let me, Hey, I, let me, You don't win with defense. You win Quarterback away, but you better be quarterback away for what the past 30, 40 years. They are, they are quarterback away. I'm not just talking about the any quarterback. I'm talking about the CJ Stroud. I'm talking about the Jayden Daniels. You know Patrick, well ain't know Patrick Mahome coming along no time. Lemme stop right there. But Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson, the Josh Allen. Yeah, I think from competing, you know, for, for a championship or at least contending year in and year out at at, at a playoff spot, they're quarterback away and have been for years. And if you look at what the Browns have been through for however long it's been, when it's been trying to find a quarterback, it lets you know how important that position is.


You can't start, you can't start a franchise. You can't build a team, you know, in any way where you can have pieces and a great player. You know, you have your Miles Garris, you have your Denzel Wars, but you'll never be able to compete in the a FC North in the playoff even before a God Lombardi trophy unless you have a goddamn quarter. Yeah. Right. What Happened? Call laughing at, He made me a name plate. But that's, and unfortunately the Browns might have to make a very difficult decision and trade their best player in order to rebuild, Hey, listen, hey, and Get what they need.


Trade miles, Garrick can get to the quarterback of your, of, of your future, which I'm not sure how it would be. 'cause a quarterback of your future would probably be in the draft. Well, that means what you do is that you give up drafts. Somebody might, they have to give And from Miles Garrett First rounder Absolutely. Yeah. And a third rounder. And they, miles Garrett 6 27, He's a youngin. But you listen, you gotta you gotta keep shooting. You gotta keep, keep, you gotta keep shooting, shooting for that quarterback. You gotta keep shooting because until you get one, Somebody talking about Miles Garrett to the Ravens and Kirk Cousins to the Brown.


Ah, hell nah. I can tell you right now, they ain't doing that deal. They'll never, they, the Ravens couldn't give up three first rounds to get Miles. Garrett. He definitely ain't going into the, into the vision. Hell Naht No, forget that. For the Steelers, the Ravens, the Bengals. Oh no, absolutely not. Jamar Chase the T Higgins. I just told him, we're stuck together for life. Now we're locked in for life. Ocho should the Bengals do everything they possibly can to resign t Higgins with a defect? Yeah. I, I don't, I don't understand. I love the idea though. I love, I love Joe Burrow.


Joe, I love you Chase. I love you T boy. You know how I feel about you, boy, you know how I feel about you. But to get what you deserve, stay with me. Now listen to me TI know you gonna see this to get what you deserve. Like it's, it's gonna be hard. It's gonna be hard. Y'all need to, to understand the business aspect of things. You know, t you work your ass off t to get where you at, to get to Clemson, to get to the NFL. All the hard work you've put in. You deserve to be paid as the receiver that you are. You are a fucking number one receiver. You hear me? And we one of the two teams, one of the few teams in the NFL that has been fortunate to have two number one receivers. Now it's time for you to be paid as such.


I, I would love to see you stay with the Bengals. I would love it. Me as a Bengal, but then I'm able to separate my love for the team and understanding what you deserve as all work you've put in. This is, this is and be real. I am, I'm bangals everything. So I, I just, I I love the idea though man. I love Joe. And then what Joe would be willing to do, I'm not sure how they can, they can work con kinda contractually where they can make it happen. Defensive. We need help defensively. We need, we need help. We need pieces in certain places that will allow us to compete in that a north division because everybody else is getting big. But, but, but to you got but guys, oh man, I understand you, you love the city. You, you love your boys.


But I, I just, I, me personally, I want what's best for you. And this is coming from, I'm I, if I cut myself right now, I believe black and orange. But I want you to get what you deserve. Black. 'cause you done put the work you deserve it. Come Again. Just black. Ain't nothing orange just black. Ain't nothing orange. What's up? Talk to him man. Oh, Joe, chase, Joe. You see your offense, even though y'all putting up these numbers. Look at your, look at y'all losing. You not gonna win. Look at, go back and look.


Even the greatest show in turf in 2001, they got beat. The Broncos scored the most points in the NFL history. They got beat the, the Patriots. They got beat the Washington football team before they became that the, you know, the Indian name, they got beat. If you cannot stop somebody, you can't score enough points to do it to win. You just can't. But NFL history has shown that. I get just gave you the four highest scoring teams in NFL history, Minnesota vi. Think about Minnesota, Vikings, they got beat before they got to the Super Bowl. Go back and look at the 83 Washington team.


They got beat. Go back and look at the 2007 Patriots. They got beat. Go back and look at the 2013 Broncos. They got beat. Yeah. Hey, I want everybody to get their money. Yeah, but I'm afraid t's gonna probably have to go somewhere to get that money because the, if the Bengals are serious. Yeah, they gotta upgrade their defense, don't you? It's really that. I hate it. I I hate it for TI hate it for Joe. I hate it for Chase. I hate it for the fans of Cincinnati. I mean, everybody loves, everybody loves T hell, I I love TI like him and I love what he brings to that offense and what he's able to do. Yes. Him and Chase are completely different to me. I, again, like I see, I view them as two, number one, receivers, both of 'em that get the job done in a different way.


Listen, it is multiple ways to skin a cat. But at the, at the, at, at the, at the end of, end of the day, you know, they play the, they play the receiver position and they do it very well in two totally different styles. Yeah. I just don't see how you can have two a, a a, a $40 million receiver and a $30 million receiver and a 55 million quarterback and your defense is hemorrhaging. Damn. Man. I, I would love to see it though. And I'm, I'm, listen, I don't, I don't know how to do numbers. I'm not good at that. You know, that's not something that I do do. And just trying to see, is it even possible? Is it even feasible for, for them to do anything and just you you can't, you can't. No. Now if this was Madden, we can make it work.


Nope. We Can work, we can move some things around. We, we can make it work, but in real life, yeah, no understanding and knowing what T deserves, man, and don't, don't do, don't do my dog like that. Oh, Joe, the Falcons are expected to cut Kirk Cousins before the $10 million roster bonus due. This will reportedly cancel the rest of the $180 million. That included the a hundred million dollars guarantee. Huge. What you think? Huge era. But hold on. How much of the money is he got? He still gonna have, he don't, he got, Hey, Listen, Wow. So it canceled the last 80. Yeah.


So he's still getting a hundred million because he made, Listen, they, Next Year they, they gonna, they gonna, You can't save face. And that was my ocho we had this conversation. I said, Ocho, it doesn't make sense. I say at best case scenario, you're gonna get one year out of cousins. You been him. Tell me he's not, there's only, there's only one quarterback that I'm paying a hundred million dollars. And that's Patrick Mahomes. If he ain't getting no hundred million, understand damn sure he Dollars. You understand the importance of having a quarterback at the position, even though the quarterback, the said quarterback in question right now is only one one playoff game. You know what you get from it in the season? You know what? What's that?


Oh, You simple. You cold. I like This. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You understand? Yeah, I got, I got mine. Don't worry about it. You gonna see me and Maya every day from now on whenever it's time to travel. Yeah, but you, you un you understand why, you know teams pay for the quarterback position like that because in order for your your team to function, you gotta have a quarterback and you, you know what? You, you know what you got. Yeah, Well the fal the fal of the mouth. But what am paying for? It's Michael Penix Jr. Show from now on. I know that.


Lucky, lucky the fd. What's up? What size is that? It look like a robe Almost double, Don't you? Yeah. I can't wait. I can't wait till I get home to mine. Mine. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, you know what? Hey listen, people, people in the chat need to understand when you order, when you order, you know the cotton and you feel the material. This ain't just any kind of cotton. This is a hundred thousand sheep Egyptian. It's the kind of cotton that the Pharaoh slept on. Yeah. Yeah. You hear me? This ain't just throw any cotton.


Yeah. Tonight the night we get in some Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You cover The in cotton Needle. You look like, you look like Nino Brown. I'm saying with the what? Yeah. Yeah. You yeah, Yeah. You know, I a Oh, you know, you know what time it is. You Know, a when the boy do it right here don't. So about a what it do? About a Yeah, yeah. You better not be no op about to run down.


But Ocho, I I, I, we talked ocho when we talked about this, I said Ocho, let's just say for the, at, at the best case scenario, you get two years. Worst case you get one year ocho Yeah. You gotta pay this man a hundred million. You know, for, for the casual fan not understanding you, you understand how teams work. You understand how owners work and how bad they need a quarterback. And sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes you have to overpay. I was, now that's The one. Make that kinda mistake on me. That's The one, what, what happened? Oh, Joe, you, Joe, you remember a guy used to get paid and they like, oh, we, they made a mistake.


I'm like, why can't nobody no team make a mistake on me like that? Yeah. Give me, give me, give me 12 million, give 14 million and send me on my damn way. A a hun Ocho actually, and I said this, I said this on first tape. I said they got President Trump as time, as time person of the year, time magazine person of the year. That Kirk cousin Agent. Yeah. Kirk cousin. Agent should be Time Magazine person of The year. Oh yeah. He, he done made a grip. Do you know how my cousins made? Yeah, he done made a grip. I'm thinking about, I'm thinking about getting hit, but I love my team, so I'm just playing Josh, but, and Marvin.


But man, And listen, you gotta understand he bet on himself twice, Lord Have mercy. He bet on himself twice. And then it's all about, oh yeah, He got the franchise tag twice and then he goes to Minnesota ocho, they fully guaranteed the contract for the first time in NFL history. They fully guaranteed. And guess what they did? He played so well. No, Kirk can light you up. You ain't gonna win nothing but you can go, gonna light you up. They really, they fully guaranteed the next contract. So you think about this franchise tag, fully guaranteed franchise tag fully guaranteed. He got three years full of guaranteed he got another three years fully of guaranteed first cousins. Yeah.


Got eight years of fully guaranteed. One Thing thing about Kirk too, you know, he's a, he's a, he's a child of God too. Now he's the child of God. And one thing about it, your cup will run a throw if you continue to put that man at the forefront. So no, regardless, regardless of how his play has been, whether it's stellar or whether it's been bad, huh? The most high has always had his back boy who you tell him, Babe ain't fair. What? Looking for Pardon?


Man, that what I'm saying? It better not be, Hey, hey, go get that pew. Let him let him


know As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC,


Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom-built T-Mobile private 5G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption.


With that innovative approach, CBBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh, new dining experiences, outdoor adventures, and Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.


Number one, New York Times bestselling author, Jennifer l Almond Trout, brings you the first book in her flesh and fire series. A shadow in the Ember, born in the veil of the primal Sarah Venus's future has never been hers chosen before birth. To uphold the desperate deal of her ancestor, Sarah must leave behind her life offering herself to the primal of death. Sarah has always known that she is chosen an assassin until the primal of death chases away the darkness within her. A shadow in the ember, available in print, ebook and audiobook where all books are sold. I'm I, Hey, listen, I'm not, I'm not trying, I'm not trying to flex.


I'm not trying to flex, but I, I need you to understand, I need the people in the chat to understand like, this is not a bad thing for Jerry Judy. This was a good thing. This was a good thing. I saved my brother Jerry Judy's career. Jerry Judy is one of the best, best, best receivers in today's game. He's fifth right now in receiver yards. Can you imagine if he went to that abysmal organization right now? The Jets. So I think people need espresso. Jerry, I think you need to see the good side on, on why I kept your rating as low as I did. Because the owners respect the decision making that I am no, that I'm making He did Wait.


Who? No, Woody Johnson does. Yeah. Yeah. All owners ain't looking at no Madden rating. I I know I, I know what you're saying, but I listen, I'm, I'm in those rooms. They, they talk to me, they ask me some of these questions, you know, and they base it their understanding that the rating is based on what you're doing in real life. Huh? Stay with me now. It is based on what you're doing in real life. So they take that into account and the fact that I am the mattings rating adjuster and one whose credit credibility is of a high standard. Follow that. And I, I'm, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm happy to be at a position to do so and, and, and, and help careers.


And, and that's what I've done for Jerry Judy, congratulations on a hell of a season so far. Let's finish these last three games off strong. And next year's rating will start out at a 95. Hell nah. How you gonna go from 80 mid eighties to a 95? Because He f he he be from the crib. He from the crib. And I can go, I can go in internally and change it on my own. Rookie, Michael Penix Jr. Will take over the starting quarterbacking job from Kurt Cousins. The number eight pick in the NFL draft. Pennix will make his debut as the NFL starter Sunday against the Giants in Atlanta. Raheem Morris said there was a football decision and we're fully focused on preparing the team for Sunday night game against the Giants.


Pennix Jr. Revealed he found out when he was getting Falcons, that he was getting the Falcons starting gig while shopping at Costco for a hotdog. Mm. Do you like the move, Joe? I love it. I love it. Even with them still having an opportunity, I think they think they need to make a change. They need to make a change. Give that offensive spark. Give that team a spark. I think it, it was smart by the coach to make the decision. I'm excited to see what Pit can do. Obviously being somewhat of a dual threat quarterback as opposed to Kirk Cousins who was somewhat stationary and he has to play better. He knows he has to play better. The the last, what, four last two or three games. You, you can't, you can't play that kind of football. You just can't, you can't turn the ball over like that and put your team in harm's way and expect yourself to compete, let alone even have a chance at winning the game.


Play in the quarterback position. That goddamn damn bad. Like that was bad. That was very bad. I thought, I thought that he would like keep the job OCHO for the simple fact. There's still a game behind, but they're like, look, the Giants coming in. It's either, it's, it's just as good a time as any Right. Make that change. But think about it, Kirk Cousins's gonna make $62 million this year. He's got another 32 million, 38 million coming in next year. Yeah. That's guaranteed Either way. And I, they well, yeah, they gonna bring it back. They gonna bring it back. But can you imagine sitting on the bench next year behind Penning Jr. Making Oh, they now.


No, you can't have, you can't have No, you can't have no guy making 38 million. Where The hell they gonna be at? They, what gonna think they, they gonna they to, they can't, they can't, they can't cut him. You gotta trade. You gotta try to trade him. And you might have to take some of that salary on, but you can't, They'll have to pay most of the salary. Like the Broncos are doing. What? Russell Wilson in, huh? Yeah. I mean, I mean, where, where else do you see him fit then where else do you see where a quarterback is, is in they're in need in dire need of a quarterback, especially with quarterbacks coming out draft this year. The Giants, the Raiders, the Giants, the Raiders of two. Now they're probably gonna be in the market to select one, but what's to stop them from, from the Giants and the Raiders from doing what the bronc with draft a quarterback and didn't make.


Okay. Okay. Well that, that mean they would bring, that means they would be bringing Kurt in on a one year deal, if anything. Well, if you trade for 'em, you gotta remaining deal. I mean, it was a four year deal, like a hundred and something million, like $180 million for it was 45 million a year. Yeah. Now the question is O Joe. I mean, Cleveland needs a quarterback. I'm trying to think who else needs a quarterback? A FC South FC West Fc. Oh, wait a minute. Whoa. Wait, wait a minute. Wait. Were you talking about Cleveland needs a quarterback when Deshaun Watson comes back and he's, and he from his injury, he will be the starter next year. His dead cap money that, you know, that is guaranteed.


Boy, He eat it. If he ain't producing his dead cap money. Let's be real. We have real conversation here. Yeah. If, if he's going only gonna give them the production that he's given them since he's been there. I got you. I got you. I'm listen, I'm I'm with you when you're right, I'm with you. Where's the value in that? Look, I just, I I'm, I I'm sur I'm gonna say I'm surprised, but it it just goes to show you that they're this close and they'll game back. And if they beat Tampa, they, they, if they beat Tampa, let's just say they beat Tampa. They sweep Tampa, they got the same record. That means they win the division for them to be this close and they make this move.


It lets you know just how bad cousins will play. Yeah. I mean, shit. Hell, huh. Goddamn Ray Charles could see how bad Kirk Cousins is playing. You can't turn the ball over like that and expect to win and compete. It's, it's, I And the Titans need a quarterback to go Joe, the Titans. Oh man. Hey uncle. Hey uncle. I, I feel sorry for Will Levi, Why I feel sorry for the Titans Fan. I'm, I'm serious because when you, when you, when you look at, when you look at Young Bull man and you, you look at his, his makeup, you look at his DNA, his, his stature and, and when the, the eye test in general know the arm strength and what he's able to do, you know, being able to run the ball as well.


He looks like a Josh Allen. He doesn't play like one. He has all Heavy. Yeah. He looked like Josh Allen. He played like Woody Allen. Man. Oh boy. Good and terrible. Tyreek Hill's social media posts wins to begin a huge debate on what he meant. It's time for me to go. Coach Tyreek wrote without punctuation Dolphins fans panic, wondering if he was telling Mike McDaniel if it's time to leave Miami. Well, Tyreek said today what I meant was when it say it's time for me to go coach, meaning that he wants to see you guys. Teddy Bridgewater meaning what? When we see guys like Teddy Bridgewater, you see guys like Michael Big getting head coaching job.


It's like, bro, I want to be a coach also when I'm done playing. You know what I'm saying? Oh, it's time for me to go coach. Oh yeah, okay, okay. I get it. I get it. I get it, I get it. I get it. Yeah. That, that Rick, everybody ain't, ain't cut out to be coach, bro. Yeah. Hey, listen, I I I love, I love Vic, I love Prime Eddie George, I love them boys. But to play a game all my life, all my life and understand what it took to get, to get to where I did and then retire and then go right back into that, you have to have a love and passion and coaching and patience and under and understanding that no matter the amount of hours you put in, sometimes it's just not enough.


Hey, you don't get the results based on the work you put in. Right. I, I can't, I can't. I I couldn't, I couldn't do it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I could see how people were thinking like, it's time you look man, it's time for me to go coach. And so He was saying, it's time for me to go coach in the literal sense. I need to go coach. I need to be a coach. I see big, I see Prime, I see others doing it. I wanna do that. Also, people, you know, look, Tyree has not had the season that he had hoped for to being out. Had a great, had impact on that.


He's probably not gonna make, he's not gonna make the profile I don't think how close season to a thousand yards. I mean, it's gonna be a long time. I mean, he's gonna have to have go off. I mean, does he have six 700? Does he have 700 yards Receiving whore? I think he only has like one, maybe one or maybe one or 200 receiving yard games. Did you? Yeah, 8 0 5. You know what Touchdown. So he's going need, he needs, he needs 1 9 5 over the last three games. Yeah. Yeah. He'll get that. He'll get that. And two of what, four, five games, huh? Yeah. He'll get that. But the, but the thing is Ocho I mean, when you look at pro bowlers, I mean, the only two I can think of in the a FC off the top of my head is Chase and Judy.


Yeah. Wait, it's a third though, right? There's a third. Well, you take four, but I'm trying to think. I mean, I mean, when we look at the a c we take, what's Nico College? How many yards did Nico College has? I think he missed a game. Yeah, He, the ham, I think he missed about three or four. If you Go a FC if you go, he got 8 49. I say, so Nico Collins, because many touchdown, we Have Six. Okay. All, all them, all them gonna get, they, they gonna read it. Reach a thousand all every Right. Chase Nico won. But the pro vote, I mean the Pro Bowl about to be announced what next week At and re still, well, you know, at some point it used it based on name alone.


He might still get that nod. Yeah, you might, you might. What about Zay Flowers? How's he doing? What's his numbers? They don't, they don't throw the ball enough in Baltimore though, huh? Nine ZA Flowers has line 16. The Volume


from the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on the go Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now,


As We gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time, Hulu has you covered. It's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


If you are ready for an Epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.