
On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your Sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy and no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start it together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC. The Volume,


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. Draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player Props and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40, or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the draftking sportsbook app. Use code money mode. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Well, we know who our two seven matchups are. The Celtics will take on the magic and the rockets will take on the Warriors. Again, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. You know me, I'm your favorite up. The guy that's down below. Number 85 Rock Runner extraordinaire, Liberty City Legend, bingo, ring of Fame Artery, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. The guy that's at the, the very, very bottom man. He done shout out 'cause he, he a Raider fan, y'all. And y'all know how that go. He ain't had a whole lot to, to cheer about, so hopefully he's in a better mood. He, he was just demoralized in the T Man's Chinese Theater. He has a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame and ind Duck T in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and induct t into the Basketball Hall of Fame. The CEO of the big three. One of the Laker. He a lake. He a bigger Laker fan than I am. But let's, before we get into all that cube, let's get into what we just saw. The Warriors beat the Grizzlies, 1 21, 1 16 Jimmy Butler, 38 points.


Steph Curry, 37 points. And they held off a very valiant and game Memphis Grizzly team by the score of 1 21 to 1 26. This game was really, really close. So now the Warriors advance, they're the seven seed and they take on the rockets. That game probably will start Sunday Q watching this game. What did you like about what you saw from the, the Warriors? Damn that man, I heard that Raider shot. You know what I mean? I'm the president of the Raider Nation. Always remember that. Okay. All right. Now, now getting to this gang, we knew what was going to happen. It was close, but we know, You know, Steph is, You know the man and, You know, proved it once again, hitting big shots, big moments, warriors advance, You know, we knew what was gonna happen.


I thought the game would've been a lot. I, You know what a, it'd been interesting to see Cube Ocho had Ja not tweaked that ankle. Yeah. You know, he goes up for the shot, he comes down on the guy's ankle and he came, he came back in the game late. But he wasn't Ja no, Desmond Bain was unbelievable. He kept him closed Big threes, stealing the ball, doing a lot of good things. Triple J played an outstanding game. But I I, I just thought if, if Jah had stayed in there, it would've been interesting to see. We never know. Who knows, maybe Steph goes crazy and he goes, instead of 37, 38, he goes for 50. Right. But it was a good game. It's what we expected to be. This is the first time the Warriors have actually got out of the play end. There had been O three. So now that one four in the, in in the playing tournament.


Ojo, what what'd you like about what you saw? Listen, I, I enjoyed the game to as fullest. I probably thought that the warrior were gonna come out and, and, and be victorious in the win. Obviously play off, play off Jimmy as, as we, as he's known to be called, showed Up play in Jimmy. Play it. My I'm okay you right. Play, play in Jimmy. Listen, he had 21 and a half. He came, he came up and he showed out Steph Curry did what he did, ending the game with 37. But I think the game might have been different even though it was close. If we got a jaw that wasn't injured and didn't mess up his ankle towards the end of the game, You know, death and Bain did what he did to keep him close. But obviously Steph Curry coming in clutch towards the end of the game and it, it is what it is. Yeah. I mean, look, this is the Warrior's time of year.


We know what they're capable of doing. It's, I it's, it's amazing to me that they haven't gotten out of the, the play in queue considering all that championship game pedigree all the time. They've been in NBA finals, they've been in Western conference finals. They've had tough or football games, but for whatever reason it's hard for them to get out of the play. If I'm not mistaken, I think they lost to the Lakers a couple of lost to the Lakers lost to the grids, but they haven't been what we thought they would be, especially when they're playing. So now they get an opportunity to, to advance. They're the number seven seed to take on the Houston Rockets the second best record in the, in the Western conference. But this is a young team that's not really battle tested. Q how do you see this matchup shaping out between the Rockets and the Warriors?


Well, You know, the, the Warriors got that pedigree. They, they know what it takes. You know, rockets are, are are scrappy, You know, they defense, they all over the, the court, You know what I mean? They, yeah, they running, they gunning dunking, they shooting, they, they kind of doing it all. But You know, they all different animal, You know, you playing the same team over and over again. They get a chance to lock in on you. You get a chance to lock in on them. And You know, in basketball by the third game, You know all the moves they got, they know all the moves you got and it to Will to win.


And so the Warriors are battle tested. They, they got that will to win. Even though I like the, the Rockets young scrap the team. I, I just think the Warriors got everything it takes with Draymond and, and Jimmy as hungry as ever. So I, I expect the Warriors to come out of that. Well, you mentioned you're the, you're the what, when you say the godfather of the president of the Raider Nation, you president of the Raid Raider Nation. So what, so what are you with the Lakers? Are you the godfather of the Lakers? What are you for the Lakers? Oh man, You know, the Lakers, I mean, I haven't put put a name on it, You know, it's something greater than love with the you the mayor of Lakeville.


But You know, I've been a big fan man since I was knee high to a horse fly. And so it's, it's just really all about seeing them gel. You know? Do they have enough time to gel to, to go all the way? We'll see, You know, they got a nice, a nice squad. You know, I I like all, I like the size of all the role players. You know, they all damn near the same size with the same athletic ability. And so it's, it's pretty cool to see them, You know, teamed up with, with LeBron Luca and AR 15 Cube.


Lemme ask you this, where were you when you heard the news? The Lakers were trading Anthony Davis for Luca Don. And did you believe it when you heard it? I, I didn't believe it. You know, I was, I was at the house and, and, and You know, I was, You know, I know my son, he had a, You know, a podcast he had to do and he was just like freaking out on the podcast. He was reading the news at the same time. And so, You know, it was hard to believe that was true. But the Lakers always pull the rabbits out. They had, You know, I, I'm like, I felt the same way when they got shot.


You know, I felt the same way when they got LeBron. LeBron, You know, it was like, man, how, how do the Lakers pull this off? Yeah. Great front office, You know, I never count them out no matter, You know what, how, You know, how the team look from year to year, You know, I never count that front office at out. Even bringing ad in was, was amazing to me. Gave up a lot to get it. But it worked out. You got a championship out of the deal. Yeah, without a doubt. QU the co-founder of the big three last year was your most viewed season. How do you take it to the next level? And it is being reported that Dwight Howard said my last year of playing professional basketball, I'm gonna play it in the big three.


Mm. There we go. You know, star, star power, You know, the same thing. You know, that you guys got here star power. So that's what we bringing into the league. That's what people wanna see. But also the style of play. You know, I think people love the big three because, You know, there's still a place for the big man. You know, we still right the defense, You know, we let 'em trash talk. We let players beat themselves, You know, You know, not penalize personality. You know what I Right. And so I think people, You know, love that fans want that, that's what's missing in some ways in, in, in the other professional league.


And so him to come and, and do his, You know, last, You know, go around the country in the big three is gonna be a fun summer. But, You know, we also got other players that's great too. So, You know, now we're in cities now, You know, we got a team in LA team in Dallas, a team in Houston, Chicago, Detroit, Boston, and the DMV in Miami. So it's gonna be interesting to unlock those fan bases and, and, and, and start to grow the big big three from that model.


What, what made you decide to come up with the big three? You're sitting around, I mean, look, you're busy, You know, you in Hollywood, you back to doing music and I seen I think now cube you back more into music now than you've ever been. Maybe you've taken a break from the acting thing from writing. I know you got it, we're gonna get this a little later. But the Friday, the last last installment of Friday, and you probably sitting down writing that you DJ p DJ Pool. But in this situation, what made you decide to come up with the big three? I'm a fan and, You know, after the finals, NBA finals, man, I would hibernate until football season started. You know, like, I mean, seriously for, for for people who love basketball and love football, those dog days of summer just got, You know, it was just brutal.


And so I knew it was a lot of fans out there like me who wanted something a real season. Could we fit a real season into that window between the NBA finals and the start of the regular season in football. And so, You know, there, there was a great window and three on three was sitting there kind of dormant, You know, it was kind of the, the little cousin of five on five. I said, You know, why haven't it been professionalized? And there was no good reasons. I looked at what FBA was doing and I said, Hey, we could do better than that to professionalize the sport. And we came up with great wrinkles like the four point circles and bring the fire and, You know, first to 50 win, no, no game clock, but the shot clock.


So the games are fast, they fun and it's what basketball should be. And, and, and so, You know, we, we, we put all the great ingredients into it and it was a great idea and we had the, the connections and the people to make it come true. And Hall of Famers had blessed us. George Gervin, Dr. J Clyde Drexler, Rick Berry, You know, these guys blessed the league and, and said it's something they want to be a part of. And I, and so I knew if, if the Hall of Famers was into it, I was on to something because they wouldn't get behind something that wasn't pure.


Yeah. And so, You know, that's, that's, that's the, the way it started. And it really happened after I seen Kobe's last game, I was, I was kind of upset that I couldn't see him play no more. And I said, man, why can't he play? And then, and then I just was like, well, maybe it's just the 82 games, because if you could score 60 points in, in a damn game, you can play. I don't give a damn, You know how old you are, You know what I'm saying? You can play. So then I said, okay, well then, You know, what if it was half court? What if it was, You know, 10 weeks, You know, first to 50 win and it was kind of a sprint and not, You know, such a long marathon or a long grind and you get a week to recover.


You know, I just tried to put all the good ingredients in to make sure players were at, was at their best. I kind of, we kind of looked at the NFL model, You know, an important game once a week and You know, you use the week to get your body right and you could come out and you give a thousand percent Q what's kept you going? You, you think about it, right? You've had an idea, you had ideas, you had a vision, being able to execute that vision. Big three obviously just coming, coming off its most viewed season. How does it feel to watch something you created? Grow massively and become a cultural pheno?


I mean, phenomenon. It's, it's, it's amazing. You know, it's really the beauty of our minds, You know, we can manifest, You know, everything you see around you, You know, came out the back of somebody's mind. Yeah. And they, and they work to make it a reality. And so I think that's our purpose is to, You know, to create, to always, You know, manifest, so to speak. Our, our ideas and our thoughts. Try to make 'em a reality. And then, You know, and, and what I do, it's all about really making it where people can enjoy it.


So you bring a, You know, a a a comedy like Friday out the back of your mind, and then people enjoy it all over the world. Yeah. And it's gonna be here, You know, after I'm gone, it's gonna still be here making people laugh, people gonna be enjoying it stuff. So that's what keep me going, knowing that what I'm doing today is gonna be enjoyed.


Tomorrow on April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent


Waiting for the best deals Spring Black Friday savings are here. Shop Early Access now@blinds.com and save big on new custom window treatments@blinds.com. Shopping online for custom window treatments doesn't mean sacrificing on service selection or style as the number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com has hundreds of options to fit any decor and budget. Choose from stylish roller or Bamboo Shades, blackout options and more. We even have motorized shades for your patio, DIY, or let our experts handle the heavy lifting blinds.com has you covered with free virtual consultations. We'll even send a Pro to do the measure and install. Try before you buy with free samples delivered to your door. With over 25 million windows covered every order's backed with blinds dot com's, 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com Spring Black Friday early access now for up to 40% off with minimum purchase. Plus a free measure. Save up to 40% at Blind Stock com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your Sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today with some And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin, weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


How, how do you come up with the Friday concept? I mean that, I mean that Friday one, that's, and look, we got classic. There are certain movies that's gonna be in our household, in our community. That's a classic. I it is hard if you say, I got five, give your five black classics. It's hard to say life isn't in there. I would say probably Harlem Nights Coming to America. Coming to America, You know, things like that. Penitentiary, Cuba, I don't know if you remember Penitentiary. Have did. Yeah. Do I I love Pen Pride. Yeah, man, come on now. Yeah, man. And Leon Isaac Kennedy, man, come on. Yeah. Yeah. But to come up with that idea, you said a lot of times you'd have an idea, you put pen to paper in this, in, did You know when you, when you were writing this and when it came out and you finished shooting, you rap because if I'm not mistaken, you finished Friday in 21 days.


Correct? We finished shooting it in 20 days. We finish in 20 days. Did You know it was gonna do this? Did You know it would be this? 30 plus years later, people are still talking about Friday Classic. Well, You know, me and DJ Pool, we, You know, we in the studio, we making music, but we laugh a lot and, and, and You know, we love the classics. You know, you mentioned some of them and we wanted to have one. And we was, You know, watching people like Robert Townsend who, who he had amazing Specials and Hollywood show.


You know, he has an amazing movie Shuffled that that's brilliant. We were saying, You know, what they was doing with Living Color and, and it was like, yo, You know, it was so many hard movies coming out about our neighborhood, You know, from the hood to Menace to Society. And we was like, yo, You know, it's hard around here, but we have, we had fun too. And, and we laugh a lot, so, You know, that's kind of missing it and what we doing and, and what was being put out there. So we wanted to do a movie about the neighborhood and, and kind of turned things on their ear and, and laugh, You know, about some of the things that was happening instead of crying about it.


And, and so, You know, when you grow up in a neighborhood like ours, you got you, everybody got a dark sense of humor, You know, so easy to turn something funny, You know, something that, You know, could be considered a tragedy. You know, people figure out a way to make, to make, You know, to make light of it and laugh about it and not always cry about it. So, You know, that was, that's what we was doing. We was taking real situations that we had grew up with and, and You know, we disclosing into one movie and, and, and, You know, we, we, we set out to make a Hood classic, and that's what we did.


So it was a mission accomplished and, but we couldn't have got it done without people like f Gary Gray, who this was, it was his first movie, You know, of course, You know, funny people like Chris Tucker and Bernie Mack and You know, that's the thing because a lot of these people, this is the first time you put, you put Chris Tucker, you put Cube, you put Reinaldo Ray, you put Bernie Mack, you put Zel. When, when you go to shoot this movie, and like we, we talked about earlier, we just saw Friday is, is moving forward to development. If you don't mind, can you give us a little insight because a lot of these, a lot of the original people that was in Friday has gone on, You know, DC Curry was another comedian that's been in more, some more has been in, in, in, in your movies.


You like to get especially comedians that might not be household names. And we go back and like, man, man, Bernie Mac with the Bernie Mac, with the preacher coming over there, miss, miss Parker's house. Yeah. You know, the thing is, to me, there's a lot of funny people out there. Yes. You know, and a lot of funny people came and auditioned for these movies, You know, some of 'em didn't get the parts and that's not because they wasn't funny. It was, it was because they wasn't perfect for that character. Okay. At the end, these are still characters in a movie and we all know the new neighborhood and all the different types of people that we run across.


And so you, you want to have somebody that really embodies the character more than just a guy who can make you laugh. Correct. And so I'm looking for something, You know, a little different than most people. That's why I'm able to pick people that, You know, are not so-called household names. And I could see 'em as these characters and able to put 'em in a situation where they can win and You know, so we gonna do the same thing. You know, there's still a lot of, You know, people from the movie characters that's, that's here with us.


You know, hopefully, You know, a lot of 'em want to part of the movie, we're gonna have a funny movie full of funny characters. It's gonna be some old characters, but it's always, it's all also gonna be some new characters. Right. New people, new names, new situations. Craig, the only thing for certain is Craig and Naday is back. Without a doubt. You gotta, you gotta upgrade. You might need to get that Boost Mobile bundle and put it in there because yo, your wifi tripping. Is that right? That's me.


That's you? Yeah. That's, you thought that was you man, I got four. Nah, don't do that. Q don't do that. Don't do that. I got four bars, homie. Yeah. Thank full bars of soap. You got bars of soap. That's the only bars you got. You'll get there some trash tonight. Hey, I this a Boost Mobile bundle. We will get the internet, man. All that glory stuff you got back there. Hey, QQ Listen Q Cube. I heard, I heard everything. I heard everything you said about, about people fitting the character. Not really just want people that are funny people that you can use that fit the mold of the character that you trying to envision when it comes to shooting this film.


So I'm putting my name in the hat, I'm putting my name in the hat earlier, You know, so if You get Penny, everybody, I got a long line man. Come on joint. Just jump in the line man. Bring the lunch. Well, Well listen, if you have, if you listen, if you have any, if, if you have any type of auditions, regardless of how long the line is, I'm better than the whole line. I'm not worried about that. I just need the opportunity Baby. All right. I Some work with I'm, I'm, I'll definitely have you come in and, and get me track. Oh yeah. Let me know. I got my sad call too, so, You know, I'm, I'm experienced. I I know about I know. Listen, hurry up and wait. I know about that all too well. So just let me know when Got you Cube, you going on the headline tour, you Truth to Power Four Decades of Attitude.


This tour celebrates your 40 year legacy as a rapper, producer, filmmaker, entrepreneur, and a cultural icon. It kicks off September the fourth. What made you decide to say, You know what it's time for Cuban Hit the Road again, the tour. I've always been torn, You know, I've always, You know, done dates, but, You know, to do a fully production, a full production so to speak, it is something I haven't done, You know, and after being in the game for four decades, You know, it, it is time to really just focus on the, the career.


You know, not only celebrate the music, but also show the influences what made me write this kind of music. You know, growing up, coming up the events, You know, we gonna cover the eighties, the nineties, two thousands and You know, up until the 2020. So it's, You know, it's just, You know, a for a Ice Cube fan, You know, this is, You know, a way to get closer to me as a artist, to understand me as a artist, understand some of the songs that I've done throughout my career. And then Jam Mile, You know, I mean I got, I got a lot of hits over, over these 40 years and we a lot all that and You know, do some of the songs that, You know, sometimes I don't get to on some of these other shows, but now we gonna have to, and the production, it's gonna be cool.


And I, I don't know what a, I don't hold, but I don't know which is worse, the Raiders of that wifi, but they're both pretty awful. Man. Don't be saying this. My wifi man. Your who wifi you think it is. Y'all, y'all in two different places. Y'all ain't in the same spot. It's a thousand people I know. And we got and we got no issues. You mentioned, you mentioned Cube that yeah, this tour is gonna be about spanning your career 40 years. You probably are part of the, one of the most influential, if not the most influential groups because you ushered in something, the gangster rap era, you NWA, you dre Easy, the DOC yellow at the time.


When y'all put this together, did y'all realize that damn near 40 years from now that people was going to pay, give you your due and pay you homage to what you guys had done? Did you, did you think about that when you guys were putting this group together? Not at all. You know, we didn't even think about, You know, so-called ushering in the, the gangster rap era at the time when we did our music, all rappers had they own styles. It wasn't, it wasn't a follow the leader type of deal. It was either you create your own style or you're not going to rise to the top. Right. So, You know, we created our own style out here on the West Coast and we had no idea that the whole rap game would start to do the kind of music we were doing.


You know? Yes. If there was, You know, all kind of groups out. When we first started in 19, in, in 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, it was so many different styles of rap, You know, from the daisy age to, You know, you, you, you had, You know, jungle Brothers, You know, you had, You know, fat Boys Flash in the Furious Fire, you had Big Daddy Kane, you had Cool Mo d you had ll you had K one Krock, you had Yeah. Had so many different flavors. Yeah.


No way in the world did we think once we do this, all the flavors would turn into this flavor, You know? 'cause that was actually considered a no-no. You couldn't bike nobody's style. And, and so, You know, it was kind of a domino effect after the, the music came out. But it was no way for us to say, Hey, it's time for this now. Because we were fans of all that other music too. We was fans of Big Daddy Kane and EPMD and You know what I'm saying, Eric Rock. Yeah.


You know, so we was fans of all that music run. DMC was king. Yep. You know, so Houdini. Yeah. You know, it was like, it was, it was a great time for, for hip hop for sure. Hey Cube man, you, you, you are a legend man. You, you are a legend. You are an icon. And when I think about it, and I sit back and I think about everything you've done, we took about 40 years, You know, between Hollywood of Fame, star Rock and Roll, hall of Fame, induction basketball, hall of Fame recognition. Do any of these accolades hold a particular special place for you? And what, like, well, which one would mean the most to you?


Or collectively? Do all of them kind of equal the same? Are they all equally yolked? You know, we started off in music, so Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is big. Yeah. Because, okay. Big deal. But all stuff after Crescendo, You know, that's what all started. Yes sir. The, the Walk of Fame is cool. If they keep, keep it clean, You know, you gotta go up there coming down a little bit here and there. Yeah. And, and look, You know, having an award in the basketball Hall of Fame, it's something that, You know, you cannot even, that couldn't even be in my dreams because I, I had no Yeah, because you can't who Yeah.


How you get in the Hall of Fame. You can't, who, You know, I could fuck around and get a triple double only you what any day. Why any that, You know what I'm saying? So, You know, being, being, being in that, You know, it was kind of like a, a, a pleasant surprise Hall of Fame. You know, I, something every artist, You know, looks to, to achieve as far as recognition from the industry and, and the music industry. A lot of mavericks, You know, a lot of, a lot of people on their own page. So, You know, when they all come together and say, You know, you, you wanted of those top artists in history, You know, that means a lot Cube.


Every year we have this, there's this, the top 30 greatest disc songs. And normally within the top five, top 10, no Vaseline. Yeah. Yeah. We just had a guy had, I don't know, people saying Drake, Mike had, excuse me, K dot might've had the greatest disc song considering who it went up against. When you look at what You know Vaseline Yeah. You look at Hit 'em up, you look at Ether, you look at not like Us Sheath, the re ma Nick and Nicki going at it. Where would you, where would you rank? No Vaseline and as far as dis tracks, and did You know it was going to, it was going to land like it, I mean, it was a bullseye.


It didn't just land. It was a bullseye. Perfect. Hey, You know, you can't take nothing from not like us, You know, won the Grammy, it's at Super Bowl, it's huge. But when it comes to a feud, what's the most vicious feud you can get into? Vicious Feud you can get into is a family feud. Yeah. So when it's a family feud, it, I can get more vicious than that. So, hell yeah. Just because of the fact that it was a family feud and we were in close proximity and we ran in the same circles and knew the same people.


No, Vaseline is hard to beat because, You know, you did your thing on it now. Yeah. You know, this is somebody that's far away from you is one thing, but You know, this is somebody you can run into the next day or any day is another thing. So I just, I just, I gotta, I got, You know what I'm gonna say, man. No. Say come on now, Chad. You, it's a baby. You know how it go. It, it, it is a, it a I ain't gonna fight you because like I said, no, Vaseline hit him up with Tupac going at Biggie. Classic Nas with Etha. Yeah. But you transitioned, you trans, I mean, to be in the music and not only were you at the top of the rap game, you say, You know what?


I'm gonna act, not only am I gonna act, I'm gonna write too, bro. I mean, how, what was that transition? Did you always want to be in movies? Because it seemed like you came up. You you wanted to be, You know, you wanted to be a rapper and that's what it was. And the next thing You know, hey Cube on set and doing a hell of a job at that. Nah, I never thought about movies. I was discovered by John Singleton rest in peace. He, he saw something in me, You know, he saw when he was writing a movie and he saw yo from the videos from my interviews that, that I could do it.


And, and he convinced me that I can do it. And I trusted him. And in the process of making the movie, You know, John Singleton would keep, he would keep like picture frames of all his rejection letters. Wow. So he sent Boys in the hood, the script to a lot of studios. And they all rejected him for whatever reason until Columbia picked it up. But he would keep those letters saying why the movie would never work. And he kept 'em as motivation. One day I was in his house and he was, he asked me when was I gonna write a movie?


He said, he said, you, you'll never get another movie like Boys in the Hood unless you write it. And so that just opened my brain Wow. To I left that day, You know, me and You know, my wife Kim, she was my girlfriend. Then we went to the Mac store and bought a computer, bought Final Draft and started trying to figure out what was my, what was the script I was doing Right. And I wrote a few, You know, he helped me through it. The first two scripts wasn't that tight, but the third script prior, You know, third script was Friday.


And me and DJ P wrote that together. So it took you longer to write the script than it did to film the script because it, you said it took you 20 days to film the whole thing and it probably took you six months to a year to write. It took me a while to write it. Just 'cause I was a new writer and I never went to school for, so I was kind of self teaching myself the format from the other scripts that I had. And, and I didn't, You know, know a lot about structure yet. Secondary stories, how to, how to, how to bring 'em to a conclusion, tie in kind of, You know, first act, second act, third act, You know, structure of movies.


And, and, and I learned that through, You know, I got a lot of help from Pat Charney, who was my manager at the time. She would help me, You know, proofread and structure, refining the characters, You know, just making it more movie worthy and, and less amateurish. And so, You know, we came up with the movie. We had 20 days to shoot it, You know, so we shot, and it's not 20 straight days. Like it's five days a week, weekends off. So a month. So in a month, basically. A month. A month. Yeah.


That, that's, that's dope. But You know, when you shoot a movie, when you shoot a movie like that in such little time, everybody gotta hit the marks queue. Ain't a whole lot. Ain't a whole lot of retakes. Ain't a whole aq. I bad. Look, I have been on sets, I've been on commercial, not a movie, but commercials. Yeah. And when people, when you, when you work around that time, 'cause a lot of times they give you two days they boy driving around and it's like, okay, Google send you back to your trailer. But when you on a time crunch, when you say, Hey, we got a month to shoot this, come here. If you don't know your line, hey, you gonna get left behind. It's really that simple. Exactly. We, we replace, Hey, there's a lot of people standing around.


We replace you on the spot. You know what I mean? But look, we was, we were hungry, You know, like I said, after Gary Gray, it was his first movie. We had done a lot of videos together. Yep. You know, I fought hard for him to, to get the movie. 'cause I thought he was ready. I thought he knew the LA culture. He grew up right there. We we filmed it on his street. That's f Gary Gray's Street that we filmed the movie on. Wow. So he's from the neighborhood and he knew all the nuances.


And so we needed somebody. I, I didn't want to sit there and have to teach a director. Why do we need the six four to drop when, when Right. Turn, pull up. And you need to understand. I don't need to have to do all that. I need somebody who already know.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your Sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Saba and I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist. It's efficacious. You're gonna get results, and then you just go out and live your life Meaningful beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn More@meaningfulbeauty.com


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today with Sun. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Hey Q. What, what, what's next? Every everything you've done, everything you've touched has turned the goal. Everything has been very successful. I'm sure you've had your losses along the way, but you had more wins than s What, what's next for you? You know, have a great season with the big three, You know, just an eight. Yeah. You know, put together an amazing tour for, for after the season and then shoot a great movie Last Friday. People have been waiting a long time. You know, we've lost some people.


You know, a lot of people look at me like, Q why are you taking so long? What the fuck, man? They make the movie but wasn't on me. You know, it was on me. I we'd been on like the seventh Friday by now. So that's, that's the way it goes out here in this business. A lot of people attached to the movie who you gotta get everybody signed off for us to be a trigger. So, You know, thank God we've, we've gotten everything signed off. Now it's all about, You know, the actors who want to be in it, who don't.


I'm talking, I'm talking about the OG from the script actors that's been in, You know, the, the characters that we need to bring back and, and then we going to put together funny, funny script for the movie. Yeah. I'm ready. I'm ready. Cube, thanks for joining us tonight, bro. Hey, check this out. Tickets for Cube's tour. Go on sale to the general public on Friday, April 18th at 10:00 AM Local time@icecube.com. That's the, hold on, let make sure I get this tour right is the Truth to Power Four Decades of Attitude. Those tickets go on sale April 18th at 10:00 AM Local time.


And you can purchase those tickets@icecube.com cube. I'm gonna get you outta here on this one. The Raiders have the sixth pick in the draft. Who would you like to see 'em take? What, what position you wanna see 'em take that's gonna make sure that y'all still continue to finish in last place in the division. So running back would be nice, but, You know, I'm always, You know, defensive side of the ball because, You know, look at the quarterbacks and look at the, the people we got go against in that division. Yep. Some, You know, some camp you gotta go put him on the back. Yeah. You know, the guy, even the young kid that, that Denver, Bo Nicks.


Yeah. You know, so, You know, even he, he's not bad, You know, so we, we, You know, defense is needed to stop Mahomes and You know, the stinking chargers. So we, we, we, we need defense man. You know, that's, that's, that's where I'm gonna, I'm gonna go for somebody in secondary corners. Safety. Somebody try to stop, stop the horn slot. Yeah. Q thank for joining us, man. Wish you continued success Nick. The last installment of Friday will be out. What can we expect?


The 26th? Yeah man, come on. We gotta get this out by 26 now. Come on now. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hope so. Well hell, you had 16 years to write it since you wrote the last damn Matter of fact matter. I wrote two scripts that they messed around and Okay. You know, it's, it's complicated. A cube just like Broncos A cube, a a cube. Now that, now that I think about it, right? Like I've been sitting here thinking and, and, and pot ticket with myself for a little bit. Now when we talk about those roles instead of auditioning, can I actually pay you for a role? No, No. I got 5,200 though. He owe me. Nah, he don't got that. But don't worry about it.


Pay ticket man. And come on bitch. You man. Hey y'all, I tell you NoQ, I got the perfect scene. Do y'all got a funeral scene? Because I got a body you can place in the casket because he don't gimme my money. I'm gonna, oh, okay. See I ain't got nothing to do with that right there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm have to offer him Cuba. I gotta do something bad to him. Hey man, You know you're being recorded man. So watch what you say, man. It will. I want Cube. He was being recorded Cube. This man owe me 5,200. He went buy a $700,000 Lambo a new house and furniture and told me, Hey, let me get my food, my pool done in the backyard and then I'll pay you your money.


Oh, you, when they do that at Cube, Chad, you didn't do that, yo, I mean, she doesn't pay you can'ts in front of the man when you owe him some money. No, I'm not. Nah, I'm not at Cube the money, listen, I put it 5,200 to the side. I told him download Apple, paid, put, Put it beside me. Don't put it to the side. Put it this B side. He don't want, he don't wanna download no app so I can transfer the money. He want me to bring it to him. Cash. I don't carry cash. Hey Miss a look bro. Cash Cash is king, man. Thank you. He wants thank you all. He, he wants you to work man. You owe him money man. He wants see you work for that.


Count that out. He posted everything on social media. This man out there buying a new Lambo for 700 bands. Wow. That what? I thank you. That's exactly what I said. I Killed I be scamming though. Don't, don't. No, I be scamming. I know. So yeah, Brian buying Chrome Hard Jeans cube. I don't even know what that is man. They call 10, $15,000 for a pair of jeans. 10,000 for a pair of jeans, 15,000 for a pair of jeans and gone get, I'm Ain't going get too old. I'm too old, I'm too old, I'm too old for that kind of stuff. I'm 57 years old. I don't, And he be out here sitting on, he's smoking the C out, sitting on a Ferrari.


Must be nice A podcast. Hey for man. Appreciate it man. Continue Success. Hey y'all get out there and check out the tour Cubis on tour with heavy production Truth to Power four decades of Attitude iq bro, thank you for joining us. Anytime, every time, man. Much love, much respect. Take it easy love. Appreciate it. Oh man. Q with that bootleg or that was, y'all know that was his internet. I, I ain't wanna say nothing but that is Ocho the magic or, or the number seven seed.


And they will face the Boston Celtics. They took down the, and the seven eight matchup, they took down the Hawks as usually the Hawks leaned heavily on Trey Young and he was on pace to play down pace to play almost the entire game. But he was ejected late in the fourth quarter. Yeah. And went to call him, did a number on him. Yeah, he threw, he threw the ball a little hard at the ref now it it was a, it had a little, Hey Unc had a little pace on it. Had a little pace on it. Had a little pace. Yeah, he did. Hey, that ref dropped that ball so goddamn fast, man. What The, But he had at the, the time he played 40 minutes, so he was able to take one 11 to 12.


He had 28 points. Didn't get a whole lot of help from anybody else. But hey and the ma the magic are good bad car. And Franz Wagner did not play well. It was a Cole Anthony off the bench that gave him 26 black, played well off the bench. And when you get that kind of production, what they have, 42, 45, 47, 51, they got 57 points from their bench. You get 57 points from your bench, you gonna win a lot of games. Yeah. You know, you got back had 17 Wagner, har 13, we Carter Jr had 19, so they got great top end scoring. Yeah.


But the bench is what came in. Cole Anthony came up the bench. 10 or 17, four or nine from the three Anthony plaque was six or seven from the field. Three or three from the three. And that was the difference in the ball game. But it's not all lost yet. No Hawks get an opportunity as the seven eight matchup, the loser gets to take on the nine 10 winner. Whoever wins that game, they will face the hawks or a chance to be the number eight seed and face the Cleveland Cavaliers. Ugh. That ain't pretty, that ain't, that ain't, that ain't gonna be pretty at all. No, it's gonna be a good game. I like Orlando. Orlando, Orlando better than people think I know if you're not, oh, Trey Young throwing the ball And then, and then he, then he, when they teed him up, he had the ball.


He dribbled and and spike it, didn't he? What'd he do? He, Hey boy, he, he's funny man. He is funny. I don't think we did eject him for that. Yeah, he ejected him for throwing that guy that throwing the ball too hard. He thrown a little hard. He threw a little hard on Ojo. He did. Oh Joe, there's been one constant doing the entire Luca Dante trade fiasco is that Nico Harrison and the mouse container makes some worst PR decision imaginable. Nico said he has no regret in the Luca trade. When you look at this trade, we targeted ad with our philosophy of defense win championships.


We wanted a two-way player that could lead our team and that was Anthony Davis. Everyone's gonna have the criticism, and I'm not sure what Mark Cuban said, but that's a better question left for him. But we got what we wanted. My obligation is to the Dallas Maverick, it's what's best interest of the Dallas Mavericks. And that's what's the most important thing. Some of these decisions are going to be unpopular, maybe to dur and maybe to some fans. But my obligation is to the Dallas Mavericks. Is he trolling at at this point? No, but that he's talking about it. I he's making, he's making it worse. I'm not, I'm not sure what its angle is. I'm not, I'm not sure what it is.


For the betterment of the future of the Dallas Mavericks. You wanna make the right decisions long term letting Luha go to the Lakers, if not making the right decisions by the fans or the Dallas Mavericks owners organization. I'm not saying that's nothing wrong with ad, but I mean, when you talk about longevity and wanting to keep your job based on the decisions that you make for the betterment of the team, it would've been keeping Luca there. But that's not his. But at the end of the day, that's not his call. That's ownership's call. And to do, mark Family said, okay, mark Cuban just tweeted, what did he tweet?


You called him stupid or something. I guarantee you, I guarantee you. He said, Dirk is the Dallas, is the Dallas Maverick there now forever. No one should ever forget that that statue will forever, will, will be here forever. Loyalty never fades. Tomorrow night, 15 guys will put on a Maverick's uniform and they'll do everything they can to win for themselves, each other, and the fans. Our squad busted their, You know what fight through incredible adversity. They have res my respect and support should have. Everyone's, I'm a Mavs fan. I'll always love and cheer for everyone who puts on our uniform tomorrow night and however many games we have left in this season. And ever in the future, whether I'm in the stands or in front of the TV or following every play online, my heart and soul is committed to rooting for our Mavs to win.


That will never change. I know fans are upset, but don't be upset at the players. Support them root for them. Rally behind them. I don't know what ml what is that? Okay, well, what Ash said, Mavs fans for life. Hashtag Mavs fan or life? Man, that was, that was so pc. I thought he, I thought he gave some, You know, truth on, based on the decisions that was made. Damn. He, he called, he called, he's upset because Nico called that Dirk May, maybe Dirk is upset.


Okay. Maybe the fans are upset and he is looking at it like, bro, if you are a part of the, You know, dur age is, is kinda like Ocho. It's kinda like if you were to call out somebody from Cincinnati Yes, sir. Or when I call out somebody from the Broncos or the Ravens, right? It's a little different. We played there. People still remember, You know, your number 85 is up, my number 84 is up. Right. People remember what I did in Baltimore. So it's a little different Right? When it comes to You and somebody else criticizing a guy that played here, right? Like he said, Dirk of the legend, right? 20, 20, 20. What Di played 20 seasons, 20 seasons or 21, 20 season, same uniform, never left, have an opportunity to land, get get bigger paydays.


He said, nah, this is my home. Yeah. And so Nico, my recommendation 21, my, my my Yes Ocho just let it go. Fans are gonna be upset. Fans are gonna be upset. Yeah. And, and especially because it's still so fresh. Yeah. Time let time let time pass and You know, you'll be okay. But don't, don't mention anymore. You're not gonna, I I you can't, you're not going to make these people, these fans forget. And no matter how much you say you want an Anthony Davis, you targeted Anthony Davis and we want to be a two-way team. Yeah. A defense win championships.


Fans ain't really trying to hear that. They ain't trying to hear that. Man, You gave a guy away when you traded a guy that was there. He came here at 18 Dallas was all he knew. Yep. Those fans, Luca is all they knew and now they don't have him anymore and We know what he does on the court. Right. I don't care nothing about all that other stuff. And you say at some point the fans will forget. They will never forget because there's the type of player that the Lakers got. They understand. Luca will always remind them, Dallas, Nico Collins, and the owners on what they did based on his plate in la and they're gonna always resent that because he ain't going to be the superstar that they had.


He ain't gonna always remind them, this is what you let go true every single year In every game that he had. Like he had that game when he went back, he dropped 45. Yeah. Acting a fool like that. That should have been that. She should have been dropping that 45 on the Lakers for us. You saw the other night he had 39 against the Houston, I think the Rockets and he didn't play the fourth quarter. So when you see him go off of those type performances, you're like, What are we doing? And ad look ad is a phenomenal player. Ad is is an all 75 player. He's been an all NBA selection. He's been an all star. He's been an all star game. MVP, right? He's won a title. He's not fettuccine, but he not Luca, not The


Volume. New. Out of nowhere, obstacles, new, all or nothing. Moments new, less than likely Triumphs season two of the Unshakeable podcast has it all. Hi, I'm Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for Business and host of the show. We're excited to bring you more inspiring stories from small business owners who share the what are we gonna do? Moments that ended up changing everything. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and company,


Amazon one Medical presents. Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there a coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon one Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon one medical healthcare just got less painful.


Love starts with you. Celebrate your unique story with Pandora jewelry, crafted with meaning, love, and exquisite artistry. From sparkling lab-grown diamonds to vibrant enamels, personalized engravings, and Iconic charms. Pandora offers endless ways to express what's in your heart style. Your favorites with hand-finished designs and playful cuts that reflect your individuality. Pandora is more than jewelry. It's a celebration of you. Shop Pandora today in store or online@pandora.net. Every day is a chance to be love. Let Pandora jewelry remind you that love starts with you.


Hello darlings. Pack your suitcase for a new season of the Hulu original reality series band, A pump Villa. Let's Do this chow. It's Stassi. Of course, Lisa brought in her favorite to be resident chaperone of the castle. Stassi is an icon. She's my eyes and ears. I Love this. Get ready for the luxury and drama that awaits us in Italy. Cheers to all the toxic couples in the castle. Season two of Band Pump Villa Premier's April 24th Streaming on Hulu.