
Hey, did you know the CMA awards is live Wednesday on a BC Chris Stapleton and Post Malone Kickoff Country Music's Biggest Night Plus Electrifying Performances by Lainey Wilson. Shazi, Ashley McBride, Luke Bryan, Dirk Bentley, and a one of a Kind Collaboration by Thomas Redd and Teddy Swims. Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson. Host the CMA Awards. Live Wednesday at eight seven Central on a B, C and Stream. Next, Dan Hulu.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole Different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. Turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Good job. Thanks.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per a year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the, are you talking about you Insane Hollywood? As so to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.


The Volume, The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Aaron Rogers would like to return for the 2025 season. He told reporters the 40-year-old Rogers has one year remaining on his contract and during a disappointed season with the three and seven jets. Rogers o Joe, he's been below average compared to forget, forget his standard. Right. He's looked very, he looked below average for any quarterback, right? 25th in QBR R His 62% completion rate ranks 29th. His 6.4 yards per attempt. It's 25th. Yeah. What'd you think of ocho? Listen, I I yeah, I I told you, you know that that Achilles, that a Keyes injury for one I Sadie was coming back anyway.


I said he was coming back. Regardless, there is no, there is no other option. If he does decide to come back, if he does decide to come back that the Jets have, as far as maybe drafting the quarterback, getting somebody in free agency that would, that you would think would give you the hopes and the chance that, that someone of the caliber of Aaron Rogers would decedent has been abysmal for them from a quarterback standpoint, from a defensive standpoint. Hell offensively the firing of Robert Sola. I think it, it, it affected them, especially defensively because they looked nothing like they did last year. Yeah. They, they were defensively since they left solid go. Exactly. So the the funny thing about it is what their, what once was, their identity is not even that anymore.


And that's defense. And it makes it even worse is not only is the defense playing bad, hell, the offense playing bad too. And you've added someone like Aaron Rogers that the helm. So I think him coming back and trying to run it back one more time to see if they can get things together. Would, would, would it? It'd be good. It'd be good. Because there is no, there is no other option. There is no better option than him. Maybe not the, the option, not the quarterback we're seeing today, Boy, they in trouble. There ain't no better option than him. Shit. It, you, you know, you know how the landscape for the quarterback position is. There is no better option. Maybe not the way he looks right now, but he'll show flashes of brilliance. But if he can find any kind of consistency of what we used to see back in the days when it was with Green Bay, they'll be okay.


We just, just gimme a look. We just gimme a look We just talked about as you get older, you remember Oh yeah, yeah. You remember Tom Brady? Do you remember, do you remember Tom Brady his last year in Tampa? Go back and look at numbers. Yeah. Do you remember Peyton Manning his last year in Denver? Yeah. You don't get better getting, getting older Ojo. Yeah, you are right. We haven't seen, we haven't seen a quarterback or a player take a dip and then pick back up.


Especially at this age. We're not talking about a guy 26, 27. We're not talking about a guy 31. We're talking about a guy that's gonna be 41. That man said, well, didn't he say, didn't he say something about what didn't he say we gotta play for pride or something. I, I didn't, I didn't hear that quote. He probably, he probably did. I mean, he say so much stuff unc, but it don't normally, normally the stuff he's saying ain't got nothing to do with football. That's how you know ojo. You wanna collect the check. Okay, you wanna get the money bro. You going there, you ain't talking about no football. You talking about dancing and that you try to take little pot shots here and there.


Not invested. I don't see the steps that it takes to be a leader to galvanize a team and people automatically assume, well, he's a great player, nobody will love or argue that Right. One of the historically great players. But there's more to that. There's more to being a great player when it comes to leader and leading, leading a team and leading men and asking them to follow you. Right. You are right. Hey, you know what? When I, when I think about it as well, it's when Aaron Rogers is playing bad and the fact that the team is constructed offensively, they haven't been together long enough, they're not good offensively to overcome his bad struggles or his bad quarterback play.


No, No. I think that that's more, that's more the issue. So to be 41 to be coming off a Achilles heel injury, everyone around you has to be that much better than you when you're playing bad. Yes, they gotta be able to save you, But you are under the impression, I mean, Tay got a, what's, what's his, what's his base? Tay got like $34 million. I don't think the gonna pick that up. You think they up that 34 million option on Tay, But I think they would probably work something in restructure him because you know Aaron Rogers, if he is coming back, he know he gonna want that number one target.


You, you, you understand that. I don't know Aaron Rogers have the same pool as way he played. Why am I listening to you? You the one that got us here. Oh, there's no other option. The same way Daniel Jones got that goddamn money. Yeah. You Say there was no other option with Daniel Jones and see what he got You. It wasn't, and again, it ain't, it ain't no other option with the 41-year-old Aaron. So, so, so, so you mean to tell me I gotta pay a guy 45 $50 million in order to go three and seven and I couldn't pay a guy $10 million with that to have that same record. I you, you know how valuable that quarterback position is. How valuable is he at three and seven? Tell me the value in that. You right. Hey, that's the gamble. Listen, that's why we not gm, I'm just say last time you told the truth about Tom Brady, you ended up at EPN.


But, but I, but I'm just trying to say I mean value. I mean, so, so so what, what exactly are we getting? So what are we gonna get at 41 that we didn't? Okay, at 39 we understand the Achilles injury. So what are we gonna get at 41 that we didn't get at 40? You know, something I don't No, no, no. I, I'm just understanding again, like you did say when you were great when you were young, you know, sometimes you, you say you don't dip and all of a sudden become what you once were. But I know even when even his dipped as a quarterback, when he dips it still better than most.


Nah, Ocho you watched him this year, you think he's a top 10 quarterback? You think he's top 15? No. Come on now we doing You say hip, he's still better than most. So where would you rank if I gave you a choice of the quarterback? The 32 starting quarterback? What you taking Aaron Rogers. Okay. I'm glad ain't talking about his resume. I ain't talking about his resume. I'm talking about this year right now. Okay. Alright. Listen to me. Yep. We got 32 teams, right? Yeah. Think about the team that have starting quarterback that you would not replace, that you would not place. Aaron Rods with obviously Kansas City, Buffalo, Lamar, green Bay, Lamar, Justin, Herbert, Trevor, Lawrence, Joe Burl, I mean, yeah.


Joey, Joe. Yeah, Joe of course. Okay, now after that, now think about other teams. I'm not replacing him with, I'm not replacing Russ with him. No, hell it's not with the way them motherfuckers playing. Hell Nah, that's what I'm saying. Hold on, hold on. That that's, that ain't number 17 now it's 32 of 'em. See? Oh, lemme ask you this. Yeah, you, you replacing, you replacing cj? Okay. Oh no. Okay, let's go. Oh, Jay Daniels. Jay Daniels? No, you Replacing, you replacing Brock Purdy with, with Aaron Rogers? Oh Yeah. Can I ask a question?


Yes. Okay. You saying up. Hey listen to me, listen to me, listen to me. The way the break the way Brock Purdy get that ball out, out, out his hands in that offense. The way Shanahan run that offense, you don't think with the arm that got damn Aaron Rodgers got, when you don't gotta hold onto the goddamn ball and everything is running like this in that West coast offense. A lot of it OCHO is the quarterback. Can't think he knows more than the coach. Oh yeah, I know what you're talking about. I know what you're talking about. I know what you're talk, I know exactly what you're talking about. But a quarterback of that magnitude know just as much as the coach. Don't you think? Especially being in the Long, I'm not replacing Purdy that long. What about, what about Arizona?


What the way Kyle Murray played? Fuck no. Excuse my language. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The Rams Matthew staffer? No, No. Gino Smith. No, that's, That's so that's four right there. Okay. Yeah. Let's go to the NFC South. Yeah. Cousins in Atlanta. Eh, eh, Because here's the thing, Ocho, right? Given the talent that some of these teams have, if I put him in Carolina, how much better is Carolina with Aaron Rogers than they are with Bryce Young? Give it what they got.


Mm. See you see what I'm doing now where it used to be he could elevate, now he needs someone to elevate him. Yeah. That's what we're getting at. So I like that. A fan on Twitter wrote, Jalen Hertz will be the first member of the NFL's 2020 Club, 20 pass TDS 20, rush tds. He's the show or Tony of football. What you think Ocho The show? Hey or Tony of football, The show Hey did 50 50, you know, 50 before it used to be the 40 40 club, you know?


Right, right, right. Was in it. Barry Barnes was in it. Jose Conseco was the first to do it. Ronald Laia Jr. I think did it. Trying to think is there's somebody else at the top of my head that did it. But that's a teddy bear. I like it. I like it. 2020. That's a good feat. Has it that, has it done it been done before as a quarterback position? No, I don't. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hell no. What, who, what quarterback could throw for 20 plus touchdowns and rush. You understand? 20 rush touchdowns. How many touchdowns that he is rushing?


Yeah. Shit, There a lot of quarterbacks that could throw. I, I don't even think Cam has ever rushed for that many touchdowns in a, in a, in a season. Season. Yeah. That's, that's dope. Now, now that you think about it, hell Yeah. That's all bad. Would You? Yeah. Would you compare it to the, would you kick compare it to No, no, no, no, because hitting a baseball is a lot harder to kid running A football. Yeah, I I was gonna say, I was gonna say. Yeah. No, but it, it would be, it would be, it'd be a huge, it would be huge. I mean, anytime you could do, you could be the first to do something in any particular sport ocho Right.


That's on a positive note. Obviously you don't wanna strike out the most times or you don't want to, you know, have the most drops and the most interceptions of most fumbles, something like that. But when you can do something, throw for 20 touchdowns, rush for 20 touchdowns in the same season. Yeah. That's, that's an unbelievable honor. And, and and to see where he's come from, from, from not being a, a, a, a very good thrower of the football and he's turned himself into a very good throw of the football because remember Yeah, he lost his job at Alabama because he wasn't proficient at throwing the football. Right. He's worked, he's put time in and he's gotten better and that's okay. You know, people are like, oh, it's okay to say someone wasn't good at something.


They got better and they became better at said, at said task. Right. That's Jaylen Hurtz. That's Lamar Jackson. It's okay. That's, that's a huge compliment. That's kudos that you weren't particularly great at something. So, and you turn yourself, Jalen Herses told turn himself into a super, a, a guy that went to the Super Bowl. Lamar Jackson is a multiple time MVP. That that, that, that's unbelievable that the, the, the work ethic that it took, Lamar Jackson could, could throw for possibly 5,000 yards. Who had that on their bingo card? The guy that you wanted to turn into a wide receiver or a running back Running back Could possibly throw for 5K in a season.


Yeah. The guy that they say was very quarterback, whatever the hell that shit means. But Ocho whose side of your own is that Jalen special? Did somebody ask that question? Hello? And I can name 20 better dual threat quarterbacks all time to hurt ish. He's the fourth best dual dual thread quarterback to wear Eagles jersey. I mean, what you going Vic? Hold on, hold on. I guess they, Randall, Randall Cunningham. Randall Cunningham, Donovan McNabb. I Guess that's what they said.


Vic, Mike Vick. And I guess they say hers is four. Hers. Okay. I mean that's the only, that's the only four. I, only only ones I can think of. Yeah, I like it. I mean, you know Cam season cam went to the Super Bowl in 2015, you know, 2015 they were 15 and won. What did Cam have? 25. What what cam have 2035 passing touchdowns. 10 Russian touchdowns.


What was cam numbers in his MVP season? 35 and 10. Yeah. Oh hey, why it take, yeah, so when you look at Cam's number, he was 35 in 10 the year he went to the Super Bowl. Right. And Lamar Jackson won the MVP with 24 touchdowns and eight interceptions last year. He's 24 and two passing touchdowns. Probably has another what, three or four Russian touchdowns.


That's crazy. Yes. The Colts ocho going back to Anthony Richardson, the 2023 number four pick will regain the spot as the team starting quarterback Sunday against the Jets. Yeah. And for the rest of the season, Shane Steichen said is the attention to detail into everything Richardson does has got to be higher standard over the last two weeks. He's made strides in those areas. The decision comes on the hill of Joe Flacco's worst performance of the season. Flaco had four turnovers, three picks in the fumble and it lost to the bills. Ocho hey, you like the move?


Yeah, absolutely. Like the move, obviously I think they, they went into the direction of going with Joe Flacco because we think he, they thought he gives us our best chance to win. Right now, if I'm not mistaken, when the move was made, I think the coach might have been four and four. You know what? Boom, there's a chance that we can continue to go where we need to go with Joe Black or the helm. They, they felt he gives us a better Chance, chance to win. Yeah. Obviously not after, you know, back to back losses and then Coach comes out and says, oh, Anthony Richardson has made these unbelievable strides in a two week, week span. Now we gonna put him back at the starter. Shut the man if you don't stop In order for, and again, like you said when we were talking about Bronny, in order for a quarterback to get better, he has to play.


You gotta play, you got to go through the ups and downs. Gotta play. It's not gonna, especially after this is basically his rookie season because he was hurt. He messed up his shoulder, his rookie season. You gotta be on the field man. It's the only way things are gonna get better for him. And I'm, listen, I'm, I'm happy for him with his team. He's the future of that team. Unless they decide to go in a another direction. Maybe not after this year, but maybe after next year. Things don't turn around. But I'm happy for Brother Amp. Man. You need it. This is good for his confidence too. It's good for his confidence. So whoever's calling the plays brother Shane, Steichen and o find a way to get that young brother in the rhythm so he get some goddamn confidence. Yeah. And once that confidence gets built back up.


But Ojo ain't no way Ocho will you look at the talent that he got. He got Jonathan Taylor in his backfield. He got, he got Pittman Jr. He got a Coman. He got Dolan. What's the other, the, what's the other receiver name, Number last name? I, I Camet look name He wasn number 10 I think, if I'm not mistaken. Hey, well he nice. Yes. A young bull. Nice. Is it Pierce? What, who, what's his name? I can't think of his last name. No, no, no. Well no, that's Mo a Cox is the tight end. What's what's the other wide receiver on the coach?


Alex Pierce? Alex Alec Pierce? Yeah. Yeah. Pierce. Okay. I thought yeah, Ocho Yeah, he got, they got, he got some nice weapons. He the more the talent now. Right. They can run it. They got a a, a decent offensive line. Right. They got two outstanding receivers. More Alec Cox. Now I'm not saying he's Kel, he's not LA Porta, he's not McBride any of that. But he, he's a solid, he's a solid tight end. Yeah, he gotta be better bro. Yeah, He gotta be better. Hopefully it's really that simple. Hopefully Who they, who the coach play this Begin Jets. See there it is the perfect game. The perfect game for him to have a, a resurgence horrible defense.


Horrible offense. But say, you know the NFL is funny man, now NFL is fickle. Ain't no telling what team you gonna get. Ain't no telling what Aaron Rogers you gonna get. That's what makes it, that's what makes sense. Show Who We don get the one that showed up the last three weeks you said. I mean let's be real Ocho outside that Jets game. I mean, but think about, think about the Jets game. Think about it took two, one had the catches from Garrett from Gary Wilson. Gary Wilson. Yeah.


James Houston denies pooping his pants on Sunday night football. But Jason Kel says he is lying. Houston posted. Hey y'all, I sat on some Gatorade, just chill with that. Jason said he has no doubt that Houston did in fact poop his pants. And he knows from personal experience he told Trav on new heights. That's why I hate white pants. That's the first time that's, this is not the first time this has happened. I know many players that had that happen to him. Travis said, you and I both know he didn't sit in no Gatorade and not the exact specific spot. We all know, damn Lord have mercy.


I know nothing be shit. Hey, if there's nothing to be, yeah, it's big grown, a grown man. Hey took A dump. Hey uncle, you can't, sometimes you can't hold your movements out there on that field. Now it's, it, it is different, you know, for the Bottom before you go out there. Yeah. It depend on what you eat. Pregame It don't even matter. I already know I'm going, I have a pile of missile highly hopped down off. It ain't nothing to be your plus. Hey I ain never. Huh? I ain't never had no issues. You know, not having, having to, having to, you know, piddle Yeah. Which is ate is probably the only thing I've ever had to do, never had to do. Number two, especially not when it's time, not when I'm not in the middle of competing.


Yeah. I ain't got nothing. I ain't got nothing. I ain't got nothing in my stomach because I, first of all, I've already eaten, I've eaten five hours before the game and I've already had to go to the bathroom. So, you know, I I mean my stomach, I be me, my stomach is just Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It just rumbling. So. Nah, so I, I'm good. I that ain't now have I seen guys do it. Yeah. I've had guys going out to the lot going out to the field. I said, bro, you gotta change them For Real. Yes, absolutely. I ain't said that.


I ain't never seen that. Yeah, I remember. You know, and I don't know if, if he, there's this drug they used to be called this weight loss drug called Xab and it, it worked because it, it, it, it helped your body not store fat. So if you ate, but you couldn't eat more than 10% of your diet from fat because if you did Right, if you did, you gonna have a blowout. It's coming up after you, I'm just telling you, if you did, you having a blowout. Right. Trust me. Trust me. Man. Man, them joke would be up on, they'd be up on the men and women.


Right. Be up on the treadmill and they got on, you know, back then, you know, bodybuilding, you wear white and women used to wear white like they passing gas if you want to. Yeah. You don't see how many, hey, they be on the treadmill and all of a sudden they got their sweatshirt tied around their waist. Ain't fooling me, don't play. Hell nah. Damn. Damn bro. I feel bad for 'em. I mean, I saw the picture. I'm sorry guys that we can't show you a picture, but we know we on copyright probation right now. We, we we're in the copyright halfway house and we, you know, we ain't trying to go back to the big house right now.


Nah. So


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Did you know there's no Tom at Toms? The shoe company? You know and love our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Toms, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges. And our iconic Alpr forgot slip-ons. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options so you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear@toms.com.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save like tag one cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of your choice, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank And a member FDIC.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Just A few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


A Wisconsin man apparently took out a $375,000 life insurance policy, faked his own drowning so he could abandon his family and flee to Europe. Ocho would you fake your own death? Absolutely not. I mean, he faked his death, tried to get away from his wife, get away from his kids for one. I'm not faking my death 'cause I love my kids. I want to be here, you know, have too much fun with them. But he must have been miserable. He must have been really miserable. You know how you know how bad it has to be as a family man with kids and a wife to fake your death and wanna leave and use insurance money.


Like, think like, like logically. Think about that. It has to be really bad. I'm trying to figure out how long he thought Ocho, how long he thought 375,000. Were he gonna get another job or something? Well, it depends. It depends on his lifestyle. It depends on how he live. You know, 375 could, could, could, could be a fortune or some people uncle. Especially if you live way below your means or you're not a spender like that. Well, you gotta pay rent. Does he have a place already paid for it? Is he gonna get a car? You gotta understand. Everybody, everybody, everybody don't, everybody don't move like that. You feel me? So how you gonna get around? He just gonna walk. I mean he gonna be, I mean you gonna, the uk What he in Europe, UNC He was move, he was moving somewhere in Europe, bro.


Like you don't need much. You get your little mop pad. You good. Okay, but what you going eat? Where you gonna live? Unc? Some of the people don't even make 375,000 in they lifetime. I'm sure he was gonna be straighting there. Come On now. Yeah, somebody that works at that works a a a a minimum wage job. Yeah. If you work at a fast food chain, probably maybe not, but I'm just saying I don't know how old, I don't know how old, how old was he Ash Look like. Let's just say for the sake of argument, he spends 20,000 a year. He's in his mid forties. He spend 20,000 a year. Yeah, in 20 years it's gone. That's, that's, that's just, if he just spends 20,000, can you live on, on 20,000 a year?


Who Ochocinco? Shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I make that bitch stretch. I can make I i for a month. You wanna Bet you cannot. Did you hear what I just said? You Cannot live off 20,000 a year. Ocho stop It. Did you just hear what I said? Lord, How mercy I could stretch a hundred dollars for a month. How you gonna tell me? So what, so what you living in? So how much is that apartment you got right now? This ain't, this ain't my place. The apartment that you've been flashing, all the apartments you looking at how much they gonna cost? Oh, oh, Oh, oh that I, I I can't disclose how much that is, but Exactly. Hey, hold, I'm just gonna say for the sake, let's just say, let's just say I'm gonna say Ocho, it's gonna, I I'm Miami concern.


I'm gonna say it's gonna cost you 3000 a month. That's 36,000, right? There's without anything. You got a cell phone that's, That's got number. Huh? You got a cell phone? Yeah, my cell phone free. I'm with at t. Okay. Hey, but you, you have to understand you, you thinking, you thinking from your perspective too, you know? No, I'm thinking from a logical age Perspective. Hold on. Middle, middle aged white man, you know, married three kids, you know he ain't living like that man. He ain't, he ain't living like that. OCHO 375,000 is not a lot of money for a lifetime, bro. You, you comparing these regular folks to you Ocho people Don't even make 3 75 in they lifetime.


How you gonna tell Average the average person makes 50,000 a year? What you talking about? What were you outta you outta touch with Reality? You, what's the salary? What's the average salary for an American In this goddamn economy? The economy doesn't matter. It costs horrible people to still making 40, 50,000 a year. Ocho No, No they are not. No they're not. Watch tell Ash. Look it up real quick. Boy. People out here struggling boy. 50,000 a year On, hold on, hold on. What is it? Man, you tripping.


According to the US Department of Labor, the average Department, Now you don't wanna listen. Okay, go ahead. I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you finish, I'm gonna let you finish and I want you to, to read the chat with the people that are actually living real, the real life. The average, The average salary. The average salary for according to the US Bureau of Labor, the average US salary in 2023 was $59,384. That's average. Now granted that factors in the LeBron James, the sh Tony, and that factors in the people that's making 20,000. But even if you made 20,000 a year in 20 years, that's more than 375,000.


So everybody, everybody motherfucking struggling. But because the US department said this is what everybody make. This is minimum ocho. Now everybody's scraped. Now we got all the goddamn financial issues and the goddamn economy. But you listen to what that goddamn chart gotta Say. Oh listen, just because you make 60,000 Yes it costs more to live. Yes. Groceries are higher grass prices are higher. Rent is higher. Right. it doesn diminish what you make. Yes. It costs more to live. Yes. That mean. So that mean we not making enough. Right? So you agree Coach on that's beside the point You said they're not making it. All I'm saying is it costs more to live.


So yes, it's gonna cost more. The point, the point of the matter was you said 3 75 wouldn't lie. So We don't know, we don't know how this man lives. He's going to Europe for, he's going to Europe for one. Right? Stay with me now. Yes, he's going Europe to Live. So it's free. So so he swimming? Is he swimming? So how he to modestly, so I'm just trying to figure out how he gets to Europe. Oh, all you got you. You gotta stop throwing out all these hypotheticals, man. Trying to spend the man money. Now How man get, I just wanna know how he gets to Europe. I, I don't know.


I Don't know. Maybe he just listen. I Dunno how he gonna do it. I just listen. 3 75 is a lot of goddamn money. I don't care how you spice it. How you, how you A, Hey, you know, some people in this world won't even see a million dollars. That ain't a, that's three. I said 3 75. I didn't say no million. 1,000,003 75. 500,000. Well you wait, see you, you outta touch with reality man. Come on man.


God man, You outta church now. Now you acting like 3 75. Ain't no goddamn money 'cause you've been making millions All these years. Ocho I'm saying for People not seeing that kind of money in the regular world, Ocho I'm saying 3 75 to last you a lifetime. Yes. If he gets a job and live modestly, that's One thing. You said the man can have 3 75 and he gonna be straight. Where If you got people that would never see, never see 3 75 and you got somebody that gets a lump sum of 3 75 that lives below his means and lives the right way in this economy.


He's going Europe. Not here. Yeah, they're Ocho Whatcha talking about Where? Oh Lord, I We don't live over there. How you know? I read. Oh, don't you can't listen. You can't listen. You can't listen to none. None they put out because oh Lord have mercy. Can't, you can't listen to nothing they put out. Okay, hold on, hold on me. Do my, let me do my little homework real quick, quick. Hold on. I'm looking right now. Hold on.


Okay. No. All right. Whatcha For? I'm not a money. I know One thing all. I'm not gonna let I let brush That off. Let you brush that off. It ain't no don't brush that off. Ocho not No, no, no, no, no. I want you to cut a chat with green, with Ocho. What you just said. Read what you said. No, it just certain, it just certain people. I'm just, I'm just, I'm reading certain people talking about that ain't no money. No. Okay. Read what the cost deliver is in Europe. Oh, I, I couldn't find, I couldn't Because you say okay.


Oh, you right. No, no, no, no. Read it. Read it. Come on. Don't do that. Hold on. I'm gonna tell you right now. I'm gonna tell you right now. Hold on. Hold on. What? Hey listen some, but y'all, hold on. Watch this. The, the cheapest cost of living in Europe. Damn. Damn. What? Oh, they don't tell you the numbers. They just telling you where the cheapest places to go in Europe to live is, I mean, Portugal, Poland, Romania, Estonia.


See, they, they Athens, Greece. They're not, they're not giving me numbers on what you would need to live in these places. That's something I would, I would need to see. We need to come back to this topic. 'cause this is a great topic. This, this, this is the great topic. What is the average? What is the average? What part of Europe? Okay, what part of Europe are you talking about? Europe. So that's, So hold on. So that's 30, so that's $37,500 a year. Now you said he's not, you said he could live off that. That means he's not getting a job and he's living out 37 5 a year. Right. Why wouldn't he get a job? Why would he have a job? Because that was the argument, Ocho.


I said that's not a lot of money. Now if he's going to get a job, yes, He gonna get a job. He ain't going, going to Europe like he's some damn, he just robbed a goddamn bank. Ocho of course he gonna work ocho. Lemme see the man faked his death. So you think he gonna go get a job? Yes. Do you know how they do that? Yes. You, you know How you don't think you know how to create, create a new idea. Do You know how they get Called? 11? Did you see OSHA's? 11 Ocho? Yeah. There's a manhunt looking for him. He's not dead. Ain't nobody looking for him and looking, How do you think we having a conversation? Ocho His wife snitched on him.


But you say ain't nobody looking for him. I said his wife snitched on him. So how you think we having a lot the conversation? So he gonna go get a job Man, you man you like, you don't understand how to Oh we gotta, we gotta you. Hey come on, come on down here, man. To the real world with us with red folk, man Ocho, you talking to somebody that grew up. I understand. I do. But I also understand how I was living. How many people wants to live in a thousand, 1200 square foot with no end with min with minimal necessities.


That's, that's back. That's back. That's way back in the fifties, man was 20. But You also have to understand OCHO think about what you were accustomed to, Right? That's what I'm saying. This man is on the run. If you on the run, how you gonna go get a, how you gonna go get a job Ocho Oh, do you know that, you know how all the things that you can do on the black market to change your identity and be and be a completely new person in a new place? I, I, I shouldn't, I don't, I'm let, let me stop before I get myself in trouble. I ain't finished, I'm not sitting here and talking about that stuff on here. 'cause I, I really shouldn't know nothing about it. But it's possible. It's very possible. People do it all the Time. It's possible. But you gotta make it. But Ocho think about it.


Yeah. Think about all the people that did things and with the countries. Hell, they called a guy that killed, he killed two police officers in DC They found him in a hu in Africa. Ocho. Yes. Yeah. If he wants, if he wants a, if he wants a menial job, yes, but I'm saying but you saying 3, 7, 5 is a lot of money to do what? To do. Nothing. Wait, listen, you, you're talking to, you're talking to the cheapest dude in the world now. So to me, but We just had a conversation when you have no money coming in and it's going out.


Right. That's all right. And I think with, with understanding, he would, he knows he would have to have a job Doing how he gonna, well he, yes, if he gets a job, it doesn, maybe he gets a job that doesn't require information. They gonna pay you under the table. But okay, your identity, they post that because you know they gonna post it. Have you seen this guy? You know what I work with? I work that a guy that looks just like him at the Butcher Mart. Oh, I work at a guy with him in the factory. Then what? That's a, Hey, that's a good topic.


I like that. A good topic One thing about it. We'll never know. Yeah, No. Hell no. Don't wanna, oh, I already know I'm rest my life. Hell. And then Ocho, what happens when they freeze that? Well, hopefully he got the check because they put where you gonna cash the American check at in in, in the uk. Man, listen. Hey, you saw the movie. He must be cash. The he must be to cash the check. Hey, you saw the movie? Catch me if you can. Yeah, I do. Frank Avandale.


Yeah, I watched the movie. Oh man, Boy, there's so many things you can do with that identity, man. I'm try, I'm trying to figure out how y'all, like, I'm trying to figure out how y'all talk about, I move the goalposts, it's 3 75 for the rest of your life. I'm just trying to figure out how I'm moving the goalpost. So where you living at? What's your rent? Even even the dingiest place go charge you What let you go get what you gonna get on me? You know somebody, they got a section that, that you gonna pay a what you pay. Let's just say Ocho, you get one of these thousand dollars, a thousand dollars a month.


Okay? That means you could only spend 37 5 ocho. Yeah. You ain't about have no power. You ain't gonna have no, you ain't gonna have no air conditioning. You ain't gonna have no p you ain't gonna have no, you ain't gonna have no lights. What you gonna eat? There's a way, because before you fake death, you already have a format and a plan out. You got everything already planned out before you do all that. So I, I this, I, I don't know what his plan was. I'm not sure if he made it. I'm not sure how he got caught, but it's something that happens all the time. This might, this just happened to be the one who did get caught.


Man, I'm just trying to figure, just trying to figure out. But look, I understand there like yeah, if you lived in Miss, I'm trying to think if you lived in Mississippi, but still, I mean the, the, I understand the cost of everything is elevated. So when you factor, the cost of everything is elevated and you weigh that by making $37,500 a year. That's the problem where people are struggling, Ocho is that it's not the fact that, okay, we're not because they save people that make 150,000 is basically living check to check in America because eggs and bread and everything is elevated, price of gas is elevated.


The cost of buying a home is elevated. The price to rent a home or an apartment is elevated. So if everything is elevated, it's not that people aren't making money, it's just the, it costs more to live. Right. So if it's costing you if 150,000 and have some people, I'm not saying all I don't, you know, obviously you're probably living in someplace like San Francisco or or one of New York or someplace like that. Ocho you know what I'm saying? Where rent, you know, you paying 3000, 4,000, 5,000 a month in rent. Yeah. Just imagine if you paying 5,000 a month in rent uk, UK ain't cheap.


Ocho it's not. I know. I don't know because everybody living in the UK ain't living like goddamn. No, everybody in America ain't living ocho. Why you think people complaining? Yeah, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just saying Ocho, if I made, if, if if I made $50,000 a year and gas was a dollar 33 a gallon and I could get three loaves of bread, that's something entirely different. Think about what it cost to buy a house back in the sixties. Think about what it cost to buy a car in the sixties. You could buy a car, you could buy a house. I mean now a house is a Car.


Yeah. Yeah. You ain't buying, you ain't buying no three bedroom, two bath house for no 60 grand. That's what it cost. And your monthly payment was probably $75 $80 a month Live. You gotta live within your means. Yeah. Live within your means at accurate wage. That's that. I see it all the time. If you got a certain amount coming in, if you have a lump sum coming in, you have a plan to live within that means and make that big stretch. All I'm saying is I people, if I gave you guys 300, let's just say somebody gave you 375,000, you retiring because if that's not, if that's a lot of money, you can retire, kick your feet up like I'm good.


Hey, people in the chat, they rich because everybody said 375,000 ain't no goddamn money. Ocho when you ocho you talking about for the rest of your life, Ocho see you, I think you getting confused talking about 375,000 a year. I'm talking about for the rest of your life, the rest of your natural life. Somebody talking about, I'm gonna flip it, bro. You gonna be back to work tomorrow. You gonna be back to work tomorrow? Because if that's all your money you got and you willing to risk it, I already know what you about to do. Somebody say working t who taking Ocho who taking their last and try to flip it.


Hey, well y'all hell, 75 of the people say no, they couldn't live off three five for the rest of their life. Hey Ocho, what they play our par play, our draft king parlay. Like I'm, look, I mean, the thing was Ocho if you look at it, the way we grew up in the house we had, we didn't have to pay rent on it. But you know, my grandmother living off $197 every two months. Right? You gonna have to eat, you gonna have to do something because I remember man, I ain't eat no.


So if your mama, your grandma bringing in $197 every two weeks, you tell me what, what, what steak and ribs you think you eating, Right? Oh man, that was Bro, people don't forget Ocho I think people forget. I think people look at us now and they what they see, if they see Shannon now I know what it's like to make $25. I know what it's like to make a hundred dollars a week. I do. Right? I know that's not a lot of money and I know what the cost of things now I'm like, well, damn.


And that's what people are having a problem with. It's not that they're not making more money, it's that the cost of living is, is going up and it's eating into the money that they're making. So if I'm making this ocho I don't want, I don't want prices. The stuff that I need to do this also, I need to, right. I need my money to go this way and I need, Hey, y'all be gradual with bread and gas and, and food prices. I needed to creep. Hell, let's move it up at the same pace. Hold on, I gotta get some tissue. Y'all got me crying, man. Hold on Man. Somebody talking about move to Uganda.


Hey, what you say? Oh boy. He said if he gonna flip it, shit, your gonna be right, right, right back to work tomorrow. Yeah. Okay. Flip. Okay. Please man, I been, look, I, I I know, I know what stuff costs. Hey, I'm, I'm not, I'm not ocho I'm not naive. I got a lot of, I got a lot of households to fill. Oh man. Oh boy. I need, I needed that land. My god. Hey, but you know what? Next time I buy, boy come about they need a raise. I'm like, hey, the chance, say y'all live off 37 a year. So y'all good.


Can't live, can't live off 37 30 a be spending. Oh man.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started. Oh, the places you'll go when you go in.


Toms the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, blacks, and our iconic alpr goddess slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim, seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school. Drop off playgrounds and dance class perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown gee fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a Member FDIC.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bike special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bike.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Oh, Joe, check this out. There was a situation where 16 people dined and dashed on a $420 restaurant bill. 420 people, 16 people. The average cost is $26 and 25 cents. So as the lady was explaining, per person by person would pretend like they were getting up to leave, like they were getting ready to go to the bathroom or something like that, and each one they left. Why y'all do that? I, I, I wish I see. I man, listen and, and see and you wonder why I tipped the away I do when I go out, when I do happen to go places. See stuff like this. Like that's, that's point is if you don't have, if you don't have the money to eat, if you don't have the money to tip, you know, at, at, at least leave something man.


But don't die in a dash, you know? Yeah. Come on. Why? Why the service? These people rely on these tips, man. These people rely on these. Even If you don't, don't even if you don't tip, pay for the ish that you ate, pay for the stuff that you drank. Okay? You don't wanna leave a tip, but you know, hey, it is normally on the thing. Parties of six or more, you got either gonna charge you 18%, so forth. And so, okay, I get that. Let's just say it's two people. Don't do that. If you don't wanna tip and it's two of you guys, three of you guys, that's fine. But don't you take your ass to these people restaurant and eat their food and then run up outta there. $26 a piece.


Four on a 4 26 on a $400 tab. Really? People really, really, You see what I mean? See time, see how bad times are. See what I mean? Great, great Story back. Oh, about no times. That's people just being jack asses. See you. Right. They was being Jack, but they some kids, huh? No them grown ass people. Ocho they was yes. Grown ass. You already know. I don't even need to tell you, you know? Yeah. Oh us, You know.


Damn, damn. 26 Ocho. Yeah, you right, you're right, you're right. You right, you're right. And that's not something that you decided. You, you, you made a con when you walked into that restaurant, you already know you were gonna eat them people and you were gonna do what you did. I just hate that. I really do. Ocho I, I hate, I mean, I've been in a situation like been to Whole Foods and the guy, homeless guy come in there, bro. I'm like bro, and he all, I said, bro, don't tell. I said, what you need?


I get it for you. Pay for the stuff. They grab stuff, they chase somebody. Listen, listen, I'll pay for it. Just let 'em have it. Let 'em go. Don't do that. Don't do people stuff like that. Come on people. I know. I'm not gonna say we better than that. 'cause we not. We are who we are Ocho what we see. That's who we are as a society. We've gotta stop thinking that this is so beneath us as a society. No, this is exactly who we are as a society. It's, it's sad. Yeah. Yeah. Times haven't got that hard, that 16 people decide to go out to eat and each one of you guys say, you know what?


Nah, I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna play. Even if I'm with a party, Ocho and we go out, I pay for it before I let somebody do that bull job. Mm. But I used to go out with the guys like, alright, hey, hey, check this out, bro. You did that bull job last time. Yeah. Not this Time. Go in your back pocket, bro. Bring, bring your ass. Right. Every time we go out, all of a sudden you get, you, you all of a sudden you gotta go to the bathroom. It could wait. Come on. That's, that's some shit. That's, that's embarrassing. That's embarrassing. I wouldn't even, I, I, I couldn't even good conscious do that Ocho because it's not like, it's not like that's probably not a chain restaurant.


It's not like they like one of these big, they doing 30 million in revenue. Yeah. You know, a lot of these places on show they just making just enough. Just enough. Yeah. And then somebody, I just hate it, man. I hate it. I just, it was at, it was at Memphis, at a Mexican restaurant. Let's find the restaurant. We, I, I'll sell 'em something. We gonna find out the restaurant. I'm gonna send 'em something. I'll take care of it. That's a shame. I, I just, I hate people. I, I just hate people that pray in the, I just hate people.


That prey on the week, Joe. I that's always been a pet pee man. Yeah. See you see how you be getting on me by tipping like that. Now you see why I don't, I don't care if you didn't have anything but water to drink Least something, huh? Yeah. Come on. Just pay for your meal. Oh, Joe. If you didn't wanna leave the till Now, like I said, normally I ain't been to every restaurant, but normally when they say parties of six or more, it's already 18%. Gratuity built in. You got 16 people, y'all eat them people food.


I'm sure everybody didn't drink water. Right. And you just eat the people food and just walk up out of there. And y'all thought that was okay. Y'all thought that was cute? Dang. Dang. I was preme premeditated. For sure, For Sure. Premeditate. I mean I've been, I was at, I was at the, I was at Target and the guys, Yeah, Yeah. And you know, he had stuff, I mean he had more, I think he had like some, some coupons and stuff like that. But anyway, he didn't have enough and he, I said, bro, bro, I ain't got time for you to take that back.


Don't even worry about it. Just take your money. I'll pay for it. Just put the stuff in the bag. I'll pay for it, ma'am. Just keep running up and put it on mine. Right. He like, man, man, unc, I appreciate bro. Just get the stuff and go man, because for you take it back. Oh, I ain't got that kind of time. You know, I'm going from point A to point B. I don't do, I don't do, I don't do, no. You know how some people go to the grocery store and they just like, no, I know exactly what I gonna get And getting up outta there and Get up out there. And when I get to the, when I get to the thing Ocho, I hate, you know what I hate? Huh? I don't know if I'm gonna get these, but how much of the, Oh, put it in the bag.


Put it in the bag. Just put it in the bag. I got so, or Oh just I gotta go. I go, I forgot something. Oh, I got, oh no. Shoot at Target as big as that goddamn damn place is. Oh. Oh Lord have mercy. How about I'll be right back. But I, I've done that at one time. Ocho, I can't lie. I did that one time. I forgot my wallet. You ain't got the app on your phone? You ain't got your cards on your phone? No. You know you got, you got the app where you gotta have your cards on your phone virtually you tap it. You ain't know that. No. Or you I know, I know exactly. That ain't nothing on my phone.


Oh my bad. Oh that's right. My bad. Still my phone, my screen. Save the middle finger. That's what I got for you. Soon as you tap on it, that's what you gonna see. I got something for you. That's funny. Now Ocho, it's time for q and a. Hey boy's. Three o'clock out here. What? Oh, shits Wg Z said pay for my Uber Eats. I'm hungry. It costs 375,000. Yeah, that ain't no money. Send it to him. Hey, you Must, you must be trying to buy McDonald's or something.


Shoot. 10, 10. Exhale. Uncle Ocho, you guys have helped me through some, some of my darkest times. I appreciate you guys for being, you don't ever change. Thank you. Thank you for your support. Thank you for being you, bro. And we always remember Sunshine Follows Rain, but we're glad that you pulled through that lb Cool. Say why isn't Steve McNair ever mentioned? Do you think he needs a statue or a jersey to be retired? Man, Steve was great. I I I played against, oh, I played against Steve when I was in Baltimore. We used to, obviously, actually we were in the same division. It used to be the, the end of the a FC central. It was Baltimore, Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Cincinnati, Jacksonville, and Tennessee.


It was 16 in that division. And so we, you know, I played Steve McNair four times. Well actually we played 'em five because we played them twice in the regular season. And then the first year I was there, we beat them in the divisional round to advance to a FC championship. Yeah, I think, I think he, I think he, I think he gets forgotten because of his tragic passing and you know, Ocho you know how it is outta sight outta mind. Yeah. We see Michael Vick obviously we see Cam. Cam just retired, you know, I don't know if he is officially retired, but stepped away from the game a couple years ago. Obviously we see Vic doing his thing on, on Fox in on, on in the mor Sunday mornings. We, but yeah, another guy do, or three guy Steve Young don't get any credit either.


People got that. Steve had, Steve had wheels before he turned into a prolific passer. Steve Young was a mobile quarterback, athletic quarterback, scrambling around. But you're absolutely right. Steve McNair does not get the credit that he deserved. He did win an MVP, he did lead a team to the Super Bowl, led a team to the playoffs multiple times. But you are right. You are absolutely right. He does not get the love and attention that he deserves. David said, please show the film where you guys played and the games on Saturdays and Sundays. Wait, what'd he say? Nah, why? Why would I, why would, why would I, why would we show knowing that we haven't paid the licensing fee from the NFL, why would we show get NFL games?


I thought I elaborately laid out what it would cost for 10 minutes of NFL footage or NBA footage or any other footage like that. But nice try David VA said Unc ocho love this show. Been supporting you guys from day one. Just want to give you a shout out. Just want you guys to give a shout out to my wife Aaron, coming up on our 11 year and of marriage, 11 years of marriage in a few months. Oh, appreciate it Aaron. Congratulations. Congratulations. Boy. 11 years. That's a long time. Decade plus. Congrats. 11 years. That's It. That's it, Ocho.


That's it. That concludes our show for the evening. Thank you guys for watching. Thank you guys of always for tuning in and supporting us. JR had prior engagement, he wasn't able to be with us tonight, but he says look forward to being with us on next Wednesday. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe. He's OCHO Liberty City's pro bowler all pro ring of Fame artery from the Bingos. Please check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or state near you with the holidays, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's right around the corner, we wanna make sure you have a very festive holiday, Shea by La Porter.


You can order and we'll ship it directly to your home. Please go follow my media company page on all its platform that she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I was held when I was. Well I'll lie for you before I lie to you. We had those in T-shirts, black Nightcap hoodies. Stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our bestsellers. Unin OCHO tees. We have the black Unin OCHO tees in black that we dropped last week. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The Lakers defeat the grizzlies behind LeBron James became the oldest player in NBA history to record three straight triple doubles. He had 35 points, 12 rebounds, 14 assists.


He had 9.7 rebounds. Five assists assist in the fourth quarter alone as the Laker state undefeated at home and move. Or the six oh at home now and first time since, was it five? Oh home and six oh in two 2011. Lakers made 23. They're six and oh, now they're six and oh at home and they stay undefeated. Seven to four in the Western conference. What else happened? Lot Giannis dropped 59 points in a 1 27, 1 21 over the Pistons and overtime. Giannis had it going tonight. He became the third player and he has the third most 50 10 rebound games in NBA history only trailing Wilt and Elgin Baylor.


I think WIL is safe for right now. The Cavs continue their undefeated season. They hold on to beat the Sixers without Joel Embi and Paul George one 14 to 1 0 6. The previous five teams to start 13 and oh four made the NBA finals, but only the rockets won. The NBA titles pop is recovering from a mild stroke. He hopes to be back soon. Pop the Nightcap crew and all our fans and fans. Fans are praying for you. Return to the Spurs. We wanna see you on the sidelines soon. Mean mugging reporters and not telling them ish. Ah, Victor Wilma had a career high ocho. He scored 50 points in a 1 39, 1 30 win over the Wizards as he became the fifth, the fourth youngest player ever to score 50 points in a game.


Brandon Jennings holds the record. He was 20 years in 52 days. LeBron is second at 20 years in 80 days. Devin Booker is third with 20 years one forty, a hundred forty five days, and Wim is 20 years, 314 days. LeBron James also had another 50 point game at 20 years and 345 days. So that concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm on, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after Thursday night football y'all. Good night. The Volume.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina dot coms slash purple to get


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real-Time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Tired of wandering the aisles at Walgreens trying to find the best deals. Well, we've got something that'll make your shopping experience a whole lot sweeter. Introducing Drop the app that rewards you with free gift cards just for doing your everyday shopping. Whether it's groceries, toiletries, or your favorite snacks with Drop every purchase earns you points towards fantastic rewards. Download the Drop app now. Use code Drop five five when you Sign up to get $5 in points.


Hey guys, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips, AJ McLean and I recently hit the Vegas Speedway to test drive the Hyundai Ionic five in before the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have an awesome episode, recapping our experience out. Now take a listen and thanks to Hyundai for making this possible. aj, please explain what we just experienced. I mean, it has been literally like a bucket list experience for me to go on a track and to just drive fast. And we got to do that today in the new Ionic five N, which literally, it Doesn't stand for nsync, by the way. No, It does not stand for nnc. I thought it did, but it didn't. It stands for No, This episode is presented by Hyundai.