
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Bucks. Coach Doc River says the team isn't putting any extra pressure on the team as they try to bounce back from a franchise slowest start in three decades. The worry is outside the building. I guarantee you that. No doc, it's on the inside of the building. There's no there's none inside the building. We will make the playoffs. I'm not worried about that. Well that ain't the standard doc you got Giannis, one of the great Giannis is a two time league MVP back to back a defensive player of the year and a finals MVP and he's probably been what jail four, five or six times. First team all been NBA consecutive. Dave Lillard is a top 75 player.


You got two top 75 players, players and you think the standard is for you just to make the playoffs. Hmm. Anybody wanna tell him that's not the standard, that's not what the expectation is for him. JR you bring the news in jail. I think the Lakers No, for real because that's not even, bro, you got, first of all, you got Chris Middleton like hurt. I'm saying he's still on the team, but you got a, you got a situation to where you got a great core. So what are you talking about? Just make the playoffs after winning the chip. It's champ. No, He gotta be careful because y'all Oh yo. Say y'all think we, that's all I wanna do is just make the playoffs.


Okay, bye. Yeah, and he liked that too. Like his mentality like with respect to a lot of these players and I don't wanna throw the name around loosely, but like as far as that mentality, he's got that, that that Mamba, he got that a hundred percent. Yeah, he, you can't tell him day in and day out. He's not gonna get better and he's not all about winning and him putting people in position that's gonna help him win. If you not about that, he's gonna get you up outta there straight like that. So any coach player, whoever is gonna be, they gonna catch hell in Milwaukee wherever he at for sure.


'cause he not, because it's all about winning and it's all about getting better every single day. And that should, you gotta respect, I said about Giannis that he got kid fired and then somebody called me and said, no, Shannon, he did not get Jason kid fired. He wanted Jason kid to stay the organization fired kid. But, but Bozer gone and Adrian Griffin. Yeah, he can read that. Yeah, he, you he gotta sign his name on that. But I feel Like He got signed his name On that. I feel like he, he rocked with J kid from a standpoint. 'cause j kid taught him the position because you, you think about it when he first started pushing the ball and like really bringing the ball up, that was J Kid, right?


And he had my guy John Welsh, who was with me in in Denver, teach him the little bulldog. He little throw over shimmy cross, he get to the lane euro step easy. And it's just like you have a, when you have a, first of all, when you got a coach like Jason Kidd is ain't too many other people who's ever been in the position and played the position to do it better. So I feel like he put him in a position to succeed, but he also has the mentality to wanna win immediately. A lot of coaches just like, okay, cool. They look at it like, look, I got little three, four year gig. I could throw this a little extension in here after two, three years I could max this out at like six, seven, get fired, catch another gig.


Little assistant gig for a year. Like, bro, that's a 30 year plan for like, you know, for people who, who for who look at it like that's a hustle. But for, you know, for a player to come back and to be a coach, he looking at that, that ain't no hustle. That's a, that's we trying to win. Like I look out, I, I mean for me, I look at most player coaches like that in the sense of they don't come from the, the, the background of film and everything else and and statistics and numbers. And they looking at, oh, we gotta win every five outta seven games and or order for me to keep my job. No, the the player coach he trying to win every night. He don't look about tomorrow.


Giannis had been mentioned among many trade rumors this week, swish, do you believe Giannis will retire Buck? For sure. I I think he retires a, a Milwaukee buck and I think he gets a statue before he done. Yeah, I think, I think he retires a buck, but it'd be probably when he comes back to play there. You think he'll retire Buck when he, when he, when he come back? Because if things continue to go the way they are with losing as bad as he wants to win and, and then compete for and contend for another championship at this rate. Uhuh, He started off losing though. They're not even close right now. Those boys, He, he gonna force his hand now They started off losing when he was there.


You gotta think where he came from bro. This man where I tell you I seen his dude at, at 18, 19 years old at 145 soaking wet. Like Buddy was nasty to work up to what he's got that whole franchise to be. There's no way you leave that. Yeah, you got the keys like, and I think that a lot of players have done it. A lot of players d Wade, when he left Miami even mellow to an extent. Like when you give up those keys cp you give up those keys to the city, it didn't like you start moving around and shuffling around, shake you look, start looking shaky, you start looking like a bad joint when the lights go come on. Like trying to search and see who, who bring you home.


That's a tough, that's a tough look then you who wants that? Look, I don't want that on my jacket. Lights come on at the end of the night. I wanna be situated already. I don't wanna be over there looking at who at the, on the way out the door already. Speaking of trade rumors, Jerry Butler has once again seen his name dragged into multiple, multiple rumors as the NBA trade trade deadline slowly approaches. Paul Pierce chimed in on the matter and said it's quick to shut down the idea of Butler joining a young team such as the Rockets according to Pierce.


He would much rather see Butler leave Miami in favor of a move to Milwaukee. I like Jimmy Butler on the team that can get over the top. I like Jimmy to Milwaukee makes more sense to me. He could do that. He could be that missing piece at the age of 35. Do you need you, you need to take the pressure off of Giannis and Dane. Whoa, whoa. You Think whoa, whoa, go ahead on that's that's your team. You like the buck? Yeah. Yeah, that's, yeah that's my team. I mean hold on. How we giving up? How we giving up Jimmy and Jimmy going to the Bucks to help out Giannis and Dame. What the hell we gonna get Chris Middleton. Chris Middleton. Y'all, y'all get some draft picks So nah, don't put us behind eight ball.


Don't put us behind the eight ball. Give us something where we can continue to compete in the East. I think Jimmy, Jimmy wants a contract. I don't think Pat Riley because you know Jimmy done missed a lot of time. You know, Hey Swish, you know how Pat is? Pat Hardley Pat old school Old. Old? Yeah. Pat ain't had out no free money. Old, old school. Especially in his, he know. See the thing about Pat too, man, pat, he moved with the times but not really like he understand like, bro, the the money and inflation is gonna go up. It's gonna keep going up. But the money I give you it this comes with responsibility now. Yeah, The response. This comes with a lot of responsibility and when you sign that deal with Pat, you gotta shake that man hand and look him in the eyes and like, all right, I don't hear no else.


I got you, I got you. Goodfellas like I got you. And if you, you showing me you ain't got 'em. That's a tough man. I don't want that For real. But I don't like it. I don't like Jimmy to the bucks though. 'cause Giannis, him and Giannis, I don't like that mesh. Then you got, he gonna have to guard the ones and and Dame going switch off on twos. It puts him in trouble on switching situations. I don't like it For, dang for Giannis. Giannis these shooters. Yeah. Yeah. And Jimmy's not a knocker. He Need shooters. He don't need a Nope. Nah, nope.


Gimme what's the, what's the, what's your buddy the ratchet down there in Dade County? The other one heroin and the other one Robinson? No, Duncan Robinson? No, Duncan Robinson did Him. Duncan Robinson. Oh yeah. Hey Duncan. Dun Ken. I ain't Noie was that tall? He tall as hell. Yeah, he like six seven. I like to, I'm six six man, I don't like six five and a quarter but like, but he like, he he, I'm like damn champ It's had had and the thing is, remember they had, they had a good little thing when they had Grayson Allen. Grayson Allen was a nice catching shoot. He playing well for Phoenix. Yeah, Grayson Allen's a good pickup man. He little dirty good pick.


Yeah. And he, he, he scrappy, he played defense. He did a little dirty stuff when he was in college. Yo. Okay. We forgive for that. He should had somebody fire on him. Argenx been okay up. He ain't, that's he ain't had nobody They they, I swear they lucky man because they be catching some dirty plays boy, back in the day. Damn. They used to catch me so bad if you, if I used to try to like dip my elbow on the little screen, it wasn't even like dirty. It was just like the get over the screen. Man when I tell you the Davis boys used to tear me up on, oh my god they lucky Ocho sir Ram star P Nku says he could play in the NBA with ease.


I think it would be so easy to transition from the NFL to the NBA less than three months. Listen, I I listen I as much as I love, I love PI love my NFL players, especially the elite players at the, at the NFL level. I don't think they understand. I know you go, you go to LA Fitness, you go to the, to the rec center. Maybe you play with Hoopers sometimes maybe you play Withall players sometimes. I don't think they understand the difference in how good the, not even the elite, some of the worst NBA players, how good they are once they're in a structured environment and it's disrespectful for pka to be able to be able to say, you know what, I can come and transition and think easy.


Some dudes is good man. Even as good. You may think you are when you're playing against regular people different. It's different. I I understand that because I ran with him for, I ran with him, I ran with him in New York. What's the name of the gym? Everybody work guy in New York where they run five? Five? Yeah. Man, listen man, I thought Unc, I thought, I thought I could get out there 'cause I'm, I'm quick. You know I'm fast and you know I'm twitchy man. I ain't had, listen, I, I felt bad that I felt embarrassed 'cause I had no business out there. None of my shit was working Nothing. But lemme ask you this with, but here's the thing Ocho, when you say he can play, I ain't thinking, I don't think he's talking about he gonna go give you 15. I think he say he get some rebound, set some picks.


I mean that's it Man. You come off a pick unless you, you gotta be a real shooter like that. You know, come off a pick or something like that. Come off a screen. Yeah, but you man listen man, then you got them trees down there too. 6 9, 6 10, 6 11. You Ain't got 40 inch Verse you got, you got, you got two, you got twos that 6, 6, 6, 7. Man you ain't doing nothing with that man. You ain't doing nothing with that man at all. At all. Unless you special. And he don't have that kind of, he don't have that kind of, that kind of talent like a Ja Moron or a Russell Westbrook where you just finna blow by people you know based off skillset. DNA Nah, Uhuh. He got a nice little game he was in. He was in my, he was on my team of celebrity All Star game. He got a nice little game.


Who? No, I ain't say he got no NBA game. Damn. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I'm just making show now. That's why I say against regular people he look good. Yeah, he get, he might, he gives you three or four rebounds or something like that. Don't Joe. I ain't say anybody gonna go out there and hit like four, five threes. Hey man, it's different then. What's the, lemme ask y'all this because you, what's the, what you think is the easier transition? Oh the easier transition is is is basketball to football? You Think so? Why do you say that? Yeah, well because No, no, no, no. But here's the thing. Normally guys that that transition, they play football, you don't see no football player say you know what, nah, Charlie Ward did Charlie, Charlie Ward played football and basketball in college and it usually a lot of guys that transition, Tony Gonzalez played football in basketball, Julius Pepper, Julius Peppers, pepper basketball and to, yeah but I think the thing is is that it all depends on the position.


A lot of times you go to you tight end Jimmy Graham or you're being a D lineman and well you, they ain't playing no wide receiver. You ain't playing no db. Yeah see that's my thing. When they told me when I was getting recruited in high school and they told me said my cousin went to Miami. Right. So he ended up playing, he was playing DN and shit. So I'm like all right cool. He said Man look, 'cause I ain't gonna lie, the last couple cats they brought down here, that was our size, they made tight ends. I said listen bro, I holler at y'all. I ain't playing no tight end dog. I ain't blocking, I ain't doing none of that. I holler at you. I ain't, I gotta put on another 45 pounds, two 20 like nah dog, I'm not doing that.


Alright. Y they put nah you'd be good. They done put 20 pounds on you. You been Hell. I'm straight man 90 man I ain't blocking nobody. I ain't nah ain't yeah got so yeah got see that's the difference for me see for football to basketball in intellectually y'all are way smarter than what y'all seen. Y'all be in these meetings, y'all know all the plays. Y'all got a a a book this long bro. I've been on teams with dudes. We got 10 plays. They don't know nothing though like bro we just, Bro we gotta know 200 What I'm saying bro, y'all gotta know 200 plays. I've been on teams like yo bro you good. Like because we just ran this play all day long and you don't know it.


Like come on dog. Oh now we do have some guys, we had a running back. I call the joke, I call him OJ Simple. We got, I got a bunch of k get rights. I'm telling you right now, Bro. I say bro ain't no, I said ain't no way. Ain't no way. We just, we come out the meeting, we come out the meeting switch, put on shoes, go on the field. He Done forgot already that fast Out. I say what, did somebody have a racial memory on the way out to this mofo Ain't no way we ocho we literally, yeah I'm talking about there was a probably a five minute gap from the time we got out the meetings.


Right. Put our jerseys on, put cleats on and went on the field. He done forgot He done blow everything every, everything he, Yeah we got, He running a route when he's supposed to block, he blocked when he's supposed to scam protect. Yeah we got some dudes coming outta timeouts especially in the crunch. Oh my god. In New York they used to find you a thousand dollars. You mess up the, you mess up the play coming out the timeout. That's a thousand dollars dog straight up. I said Lord have mercy. That's, that's what blew my mind. Like for real y'all be in there four or five hours like bro what's taking so long? Feel like you lift weights, you got practice, you run through your plays but then you watch film for hours.


Nah. Oh yeah we can't watch film 30 minutes without Cats gonna sleep. You watch a film for hours. Hey JR that's what got me to lead. I could, I just couldn't do it no more. 'cause I had heard the plays, I knew the offense front was and backwards. I knew what I was supposed to do. I knew what the Z was supposed to do. The X was supposed to do the Y I'm playing Tiger in the two side set. So I obviously I know why I know what the, the Tiger's supposed to do. I know what John the protection when they supposed to Liz it when they supposed to rip it. The, it just got so old man. I just like, I just couldn't do it no more. I hate meeting, I still hate meetings to this day. I funny 'cause I was talking to OG man hall of Famer, you know what I'm saying?


Just got in and he was talking like why he retired and like one of his reasons was like man, it's just the locker room just got too young for me. Like where I come from a culture to where ain't no ain't no phones in the locker room. Like they come in, they on Instagram, they on this and then on that and halftime yes this third. He was like, yo bro, like where I come from that's a no-no like you, we put hands on you if you like not if you, if you look disinterested in what we got going on. I'm like damn it's like that. He's like, no for real Because see I came into the lead Jr. The, the cell phone was just starting to just starting to be a thing. Back then minutes was like five, $6 a minute.


So there wasn't a whole lot of guys making that kind of money that could have a cell phone. And then you know as it started to, we started to get to like the mid nineties until the, like the later end of the nineties then everybody started getting a cell phone. But prior to that we had the phones, we had like four community phones. You could just press nine and you could dial out. Right. 10 minute meeting, you know we get a break for a meeting you would face somebody with an emergency call they running. I'm like who you talking to man? I'm talking to my girl and I hang up bro. What do you think she doing? Where do you think she you at?


You at work and you wonder why but you quick to holler. Coach don't like me coach messing over me. I ain't playing this. Why you ass ain't playing because you don't know what the f you supposed to do. Every time I say every time you ask me what you supposed to do, I'm a yell out. Hey coach, he asked me what he supposed to do, what he got. I would tell on you. I would tell on you. I would d your ass out because you sitting in the same meeting I'm sitting in but your mind somewhere else because it don't hurt you. It hurt us when we gotta put your ass in the game for now you don't know what to do.


And everybody, hey why aren't you telling him he was in the same meeting I was in? For sure that shit to piss me off. Dar like, bro you right, you in my spot and then you come in to end my spot and you not and you not where you're supposed to be and I need a little breather and they gotta, hey switch, come back bruh. In Practice, hey I get back, I say you know I'm gonna get me a blow o I'm gonna get ODI gonna be back there. Horse get back in. What happened? He don't know the, oh Lord have mercy. How do you not know what to do? You got one job. I said do you moonlight?


I mean you got another job. I don't know about bro. It just, it And that's the thing man, these guys, when you realize that a lot of guys just don't care. Yeah they like everything about the sport except playing the damn sport. They like the money, they like the girls, the they like attention. They like the clubs, they like the cars. They don't like football. They like all the stuff that comes along with being an NFL player for that. A 25 year old woman is going viral explaining her day with a 45-year-old.


Okay, okay there you go. And not by guy. 25, 45, you know 20 year death, you know a day cake. I can rock with that. Check us out. So and switch a 25 year old woman is going viral explaining her date with a 45-year-old who left a hundred dollars on the table and walked out. She told him she wanted to go to a steakhouse. He took her to Eddie v's. Eddie V's. In Nashville. There are several the Eddie V's. But I don't one in Nashville, let's not hear nor there she ordered lamb chops, oysters and crab fried rice. After he only ordered the drink, total the cost of her meal $159. You could hear her tell him this is usually how I ordered.


She paid the rest of the bill after he left a hundred dollars and walked out. I already know Ocho thinking I already know. I ain't mad at, I ain't mad at this the first time they going out. Yeah buddy. It was the first day. The first day and the last day. Man listen Out the real Oh That I was just gonna say IJI was just gonna say that and and most of the time it is, it is fellas out. It is dudes out here probably that she's been with before and, and it is taken out. You know it's all about showing out.


It's all about showing out the first date because you know, first impressions of everything and you, you gotta really, and how do reel women in by doing all the craziness in the beginning, the more the craz you are in the beginning with spoiling and spending a lot of money, the easy it is to get to get to your end goal. And that's all it comes down to. It, it is all a goddamn game man. If you start And, and that game is running women to, to pulling off shit like this. That's Crazy. If I but switch. Here's the thing. Check ocho, lemme ask y'all this. If, if I take somebody on the first or second date and I get a private plane, what I gotta do next? Get the space shuttle. Where the hell I go from there. If I'm getting you lobster, if I'm getting you, hold on.


If I'm getting you lamb chops and oysters now granted we in different tax brackets. Okay, but I'm saying the average guy Right ain't Got bread like that. Okay. We, you know, we get you a seafood tower that costs four $500. Okay we get X, Y, and Z. That's One thing. But I'm saying the the the seafood tower they got, they got like four, five lobster tails. They got crab flaws, they got scallops, they got oysters, they got shrimp. That Sounds like whatever the Case may be. Huh? What What was the price? What was the price? You said it cost Probably about 3 50, 400. Man, y'all done bump man, But I'm what I'm saying but ocho but that's what I'm saying.


On the first date, if you do that on the first date, where do you go from there? Nah, I can't Nah, you can't go, you ain't nowhere to go. You gotta go to the moon. What I'm saying babe, how about we start with something? How about we start with something? You know I ain't no, I ain't no sushi so ain't no sense to me going there. 'cause I, I ain't, I ain't gonna eat it. But can we go to like some like American cuisine? Okay. You know they got burgers or they got some fish, they got some salmon. You know they got, you know they got A-A-A-A-A-A brewer. They got some type of fish, you know what I'm saying? Dover salt. I ain't, how can, can we start ribs or, or or can we start there?


You start going to the stake and you know the steak is market price when you start seeing something with market price. Yeah. Nah, you know what it is now you gotta you gotta, you, you gotta take it real old school nowadays. You gotta see what they, what they really in for. And you gotta take them on a couple picnics, pack 'em some Smuckers peanut butter jelly sandwiches or something. Pack them. Know what I mean? There Go, there you go. Now Crushable, I ain't, I ain't making no say the crusts off of them. Gimme a couple those. Yeah, what I'm saying couple ice teas, little Arnold Palmers in the joint like gotta said he really like me. Couple bags of Skittles or something. See where we at first? Yeah.


Hey yeah. That we talking? Yeah. I'm, I'm a simple guy. I even swap ain't no swindle. Okay. What we doing? You use me for the ride? I use you for the hide. Come on. You want to pay? I use you for a day. I mean, hey, even swap ain't can't me no swindle. Come On now. Can't be. I pop the back of the trunk. We sit out back, we, hey come on. Conversation. I'm, look, if you trying to be a sponsor, if you trying to be, are you trying to be a partner or you trying to get sponsor? Ooh, hold On. I just need, Hold on. I got you. Hold on, let me hold on, hold On. I I just need, hey, I can be either one. I just need to know. I feel you because for I gotta know. Don't don't and don't leave it up to me because I'm gonna think the other way immediately.


That's just the way it's, That's it. I ain't got no, I ain't got no problem with you. That's, that's what you trying to do. Yeah, but I'm gonna try to do what I'm trying to do too. Don't get, don't get mad. Damn. I'm gonna put, hey, I'm gonna put that with him a notes on my phone trying to be a sponsor. Hold on. Hey you trying to, what it was you trying to be a spon? What you, damn, You trying to be a partner or you trying to be sponsored? Mm. I love That's for real though. That's for real. It's a lot of, it's a lot of one's looking for sponsors. Yeah. I look, I, I understand. I look like I said, I'm a little older now, Ocho Yeah. So, you know what I'm saying?


But see here's the thing Kick told me. She say the reason why older men like younger women. They, she said a guy told her as we get older, ain't nothing wrong with our eyes. What we like when we was in that age group, we still like them. Right. I ain't got no problem. I don't got no problem. I ain't got no problem. Whatever, whatever, whatever we decide to do, let's do that. If you say, Shannon, this is what it is. Let me decide. I'm gonna tell you what it, It's, yeah, it's an equal exchange.


That's where I think we're getting a mis miscon screw like one outweighs the other. This is, this is a very equal exchange. Yeah. Even swap can't ever be a swindle. And, and If look, if you got, if you got, if you got grain and I got cows that can produce. Okay Ocho, I need some grain. Okay, I need milk. Okay. Even swap. Yeah. But now all of a sudden you come now there with some bull drive. Oh no. Hell no. You trying to get over. You Got no grain but you want all this milk. Hold up baby. Hold on. Hold on baby. Hold no baby man. And listen, that's You, I'm saying hey, Honestly 98% Of the Hey ain.


I ain't about no headaches. I ain't about no headaches. I'm gonna, hey I'm gonna do right by you. Hey you, you don't understand 98% of the time you got all the milk on. Ain't nobody got no grain. You just the only one providing the motherfucker milk. So I'm the, so I'm the only one bringing something to the party. Right mo 90% of the time. Yes. Yes. How about this Ocho bring something to the picnic besides your appetite please. Yeah, That's it. Can you bring, can you bring plastic for it? Can you bring that? Can you bring, bring something other than your apple. Wow. Wow. So I'm not saying, I'm not saying you got to have, you know you got have the most elaborate spread but just bring something, Hey you go to somebody's house Ocho, you can't just show up.


Hey, how y'all doing? You ain't got nothing. Gotta show up. What Up? Ain't brought no plates. Bring Ices ice some cups. Plates. Them cheap ass checks. So Ocho be like it break something. Yeah. Bring my coat of waters. Me. Damn. Bring something We don. We done got to the point. Now we show to people. I like it's just because it's our presence. Hey, how y'all doing? What y'all got? Nah, we ain't doing nothing Uhuh. We ain't doing nothing. As a matter of fact, you know what we doing and sometimes store run. Hey we need some ice. I holler at you in a minute. And so a lot of times they these will be showing up with hoo-Ha and think that's enough.


Well hold on. You, you, you know sometimes that is all It's enough. What are they advertising everywhere? Yeah. What do they advertising everywhere. That's All they got. Everybody, Every hold on. Everybody. Everybody turned backwards. Everybody turned to the side using the sink to make it, you know, let us sit. That's It. Oh that thing be poking. Hold on As that's all, That's all, that's all there is to All. Hey hold on. Hold on. What? Hey I see, I see your ass. Do you catch our attention? Huh? How do you catch our attention? The most valuable thing you have to offer is what you advertise. We visual just like, just like a man. If a man got money, what's the first thing you advertise?


He got what? That Yeah. You know. Hey, even what you said, even, even exchange. Ain't no how you say it. Even Who? Ain't no swindle. Well You already know what it is. The game Is catching the man catching the man catching the marlin ain't the problem. Yeah, he getting that sucker to the boat. Yeah. The man ain't no issue. Can you land him? Oh yeah, you can land him but he gonna, he gonna throw you out. He gonna throw you back out to the sea. Hey, I'm just gonna keep jumping till I get back to the wall. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna stop jumping stop. Look, I look like I said, I'm in a situation now. I mean when I ain't have a whole lot of money, knock on wood.


I only had one situation with somebody. I thought somebody was trying to take advantage of me when it came to eating. But now I got some bread. Okay. I I, you know, hey we go to a nice restaurant. I mean, but you ain't about to, you ain't about to get no Kobe. You ain't about To. find out nothing that cost a hundred, an hour hundred an ounce. Oh hell no. I ain't gonna lie. I walked out on the gym one time like that. I was in New York, had a steakhouse. She was just ordering it up, ordering it up. I went straight to the bar. I told the dude, I said, look man, he's 200 for these two drinks and I'm gonna just go ahead and slide. He like, oh okay. Hit me about an hour later. Where you at? What's going on? I ain't never went back. I'm not doing all this.


You ordering all this wine and you don't even drink wine. All of a sudden. You, you saw They do that to you man. They know you got bread. Man, look, I holler at you because you don't even, you ain't even acting the same. You, you from when I met you, you was a chick from Runaway from the Bronx. Now all of a sudden you Jenny from the block. I ain't, nah bro, I ain't got time for that. Oh, I ain't got time for that. See, see what you done started Ocho. Oh, I started Who? Who, who? I don't even put myself in them situations like that. I don't play that shit. No sir. Two 200 should be a nice little meal. 200 who?


American Dollar two? Yes. Shouldn't be 200 jail. Yeah, y'all Definitely gr and everything. Ocho. I'm good. Okay. Steak. Coffee. 50. I got a steak. Coffee 50. She get two drinks. I'm drinking Ginger a more times than not. She probably be, you know, she ain't gonna want no dessert. I'm cool. 200 for the thing. Get a get a a a a leave a tip. Okay. Two 50. Nah, that's still two Leave. Geta got $30 to bring my car around. I'm out. Okay. I'm at two $8,300. Yeah. Hey listen, you, you have to, you have to stand after and then As you, and then as you a nasty K okay.


I I might go if I think she a nasty KI go to, I go to 400. So What you saying Ocho? What's the, what's the, what's the, what's your, what's your cap bracket? What's the budget? But you, you know, I don't, I don't eat at those places that you guys are talking about. My place is, I mean I, I could be honest. We family and and those of you that you know in the chat, especially if you follow me, you know my stuff is always the same. You know, my Bahama Breeze, I got, I I love my Longhorn. I like brimstone. I have a Cuban spot that I frequent all the time. So the places I like to frequent and go to dinner aren't like that. So If you spend 150, This is the worst. They bringing out sparklers and everything. Yeah, yeah. Matter of fact, now you have to think about date night, date night.


When, when I, when I'm single now when I wasn't single and date night now, then that's when I was introduced to, you know, different types of foods that I didn't eat before. And then now we talk about a, a dinner might be 150, maybe $200. Outside of that it was nothing. It's, it's something that I don't do in the norm so I'm not used to it. Mm. Yeah I think, I think if you get out there, I honestly, I think if you get out there with, you know she going, she gonna get two drinks least I'm hoping two drink Shit. That's 400 for sure. She, that's four. Your number little too Good. Huh? Why you boo? Hey damn drink dollars Straight up Cocktails like $30 Probably right there.


Go to the liquor store, get The whole bottle we got because she done hit, she done polished that off before we even got the meal. Now if you get an appetizer, you get one, she get one. Boom. That's another appetizer gonna be at least somewhere between 20 and $30. So you get two that's 60 plus her drink 90 plus my ginger a which is 10, that's a hundred right there. And we ain't even got to the entree And I ain't gonna lie man, it's it, I don't know if it's the times or the numbers' going up, but it just seem like they drink faster than they used to. Those two drinks go a little faster than they used to but they come back before, you know, it's like, oh can I have one more? I'll just have one more.


You said that three drinks ago. Like damn bro. Hey it low you, it lows you didn't drive. Hey you Ubering. Hey we, nah, Nah, nah. See I can't do a sloppy situation that, that's the quickest way to get me off. Off your, off your line. You come over. Oh hey. Yeah. I ain't got time for that. Oh no, no, no, No. You gotta laugh like A lady Class. You can't. No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Oh no. Keep A class now. Mm. Put you on a minimum. Put you on two, three drink minimum now. For real? Yeah, I think, I think most women can handle two. I think that's now they got something that a two man, I can drink seven of these things.


I'm like yeah, okay now I'm playing my game wrestling, I playing match. Yeah. Whoa, whoa girl, you more, more than I ever be man drinking seven of these banks. Oh hell no. Mm No. Hell no. Like I said y'all, I'm like you jail two, you getting too drinks. We gotta get you at the minimum I got and, and I gotta make sure, I gotta see what you drinking too because they gonna order that $200 tequila and thinking they doing that Casa Zoo and, and all that.


Nah look you wasdo from Casamigos don't, don't act like that now. Now all a sudden you casa and all that. Nah, no, no, no, no. Just ain't that. You know. Hey, hey get a get a lemon drop. Cosmopolitan. I mean, hey get, hey get hey. One or two Lemon drop or a Cosmo. What else they we drinking? Oh Man, Sometimes women done got the way they, they drinking a a A what? Vodka More of sour and and shit. Yeah, you Want? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay, okay. I feel you. I feel you. I don't, I don't, I don't know what the hell y'all talking about.


Man. It's like a good stick. That's all. It's just like a good stick. They just drink it faster. Nah, but I, hey that's it. Two drinks Ocho they get past. Hey I want, can I get one more? Nah babe. No, see that's why for real I go to wine like, 'cause I'd rather just spend, I'd rather spend a hundred, 120 on the wine. Get it your nice good bottle of red. You gonna get four glasses. I get two glasses. You get two glasses where everybody's satisfied and it's gonna last us throughout the whole dinner. Right. But you sitting here doing drinks and this and that, then you, before you know it, they get that vodka or something up. Any, they, they like, now I'm trying to get you to chill, mellow out.


We gonna go ahead and go to the crib. Have a nice little night. All that. I ain't got no no, nah. I ain't doing nothing. Ain't got, I ain't good like I used to See, see I, you gotta chill. Yeah. You get, you know, when you get your situation rectified, boom, I don't you see fix your body. Right. That's my coach used to tell me, fix your body label. Hey man, he, he loved to be like, Unc, I don't Unc, I dunno, Unc, I dunno. Hey Listen, we fan here, right? Yeah. Yeah. The l the longer. The longer.


How do, how do how you say it, The longer you apart the harder it's to get back. Nah, No, no. I mean no, the the, I mean not, not even that. It's just like, it's becoming like, like, man, fuck it. Like the the, the longer, you know when when there's something that's always, always constant, constant, constant. You have it all the time and the longer it, it is prolonged and just become like, man, Man, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm just saying. Nah, I feel you, I'm listening to you. I hear you man. That's tough. That's a tough situation man. Man. Work that shit though Joe. I was about to say, lemme ask you this.


Is it Rectifiable? Bro? Everything is rectified. I can't say that I, me personally, I don't have that in me. You, you don't think every Stupid aj That's a good question. Let me, let me, let me ask you something. So ba you what, what isn't rectifiable in your eyes For me? What can, what can hap like if she does this, this A, B and C, A B or C, you know what, that's a wrap. We can't do nothing no more. It's, it's, Well for me, if, if I felt like I, I can't trust you, you, you defy my trust within and there's layers to that. Like it's a white, it's like telling a lie if there's a white lie and then you know there's a lie.


Right. You know, that's just, that's just over crossing and shit. You know what I'm saying? And for me, I felt like people have a good, like Right. The person I pick, they got a good conscience to know what I, what I'm standing for and what I'm not standing for. So if you crossed that line and I felt like you knew what you was in, you, you, you know how I roll. So, you know. Right. You, it wasn't, it would never be a situation to where you gonna come tell me what happened If you, if it ain't that. Oh, okay. If you ain't, if you, if you put yourself in a position to where you feel like you can't come tell me. You can't tell me then we, we never was with what I thought we was. And we should stop right now. Hmm. For me, me personally, because I trust too hard and I love too hard for, for you to be playing with me on the way that you, that I feel about you.


That you don't feel about me. So have you ever since you've been dating, when, when, when you've dated before and you've been in love with these, you know, individuals and a woman has made a mistake where you've lost her trust, do you ever give her any grace or once, once, once you crossed that line, it's it, that's it. It's a wrap I had when I got burnt. Yeah. I got burnt crazy with my homie too. Like my, my man, we was in Vegas at the same time. All star popped up in the room. I'm he in the room. I'm, I'm walking in there, go see my little joint. He in there with her. I'm like, oh yeah.


Whoa. Yeah, yeah. Damn. After I already and some I was like, okay, so you know what Savage, That's what we all savage. That's what we do with, I'm a savage now. That's what I gotta, that's what, that's what you turned me into. And I hate to, I hate to use that as like somebody fueled put that energy in my back. But yeah, that's what after when I seen that and I was young, I was like 20, I got drafted, I was 18, I was 20. Like young being to the least. It was like my second, third year. I was like, like, oh okay, this is how they really move. And I was like, all bet. Oh yeah, this is, this is the game plan.


You don't, you don't, you don't learn. You don't learn the game until you've been in it for a few years with great understanding on how to, You start saying, You gotta ask. Like when you go to a situation, you gotta go ask some of the vets, Hey, what's up? What's up with her? Oh man and blah blah blah, what's up with her? Blah, blah blah. 'cause the vets know, and for the most part they ain't gonna, you know, sometimes you know, you stumble up on one and they want it and they gonna try to salt you up. But It's a lot of hating ass bits. Oh man, I was saying she was bad too. I stumbled up on her, you know what I'm saying?


Oh, oh. So I stumbled up on one, you know, every once in a while. Yeah. Every once in a while a alley had to find a whole chicken in the trash. He always find scraps. I, I stumbled, I stumbled up on one. Oh show. Yeah. I made a mistake. We, I was cool with dude because he played with my brother. So I thought I could, you know. Yeah man, you know I been seeing her. I been, you know, so he going try to back door me, Me. Oh, oh yeah. Not the front door. He went through the back door. Back door. Check this out. No, He told the girl, he did what? He told her.


Oh, you gonna f him and you ain't gonna gimme no hoohaw. Oh hell No. Yeah. See that's the oldest trick in the book, dog. That's, that's for years. That shit still happens dog. What years? Oh thing ocho, he probably be on the team next year. I swear that one right there. I swear he gonna be out the league. He gonna be broke.


He gonna be this, that third damn champ. Because here, here's the thing though, Ocho the thing about like not all, there's no situation of all or everything, but a lot of times, even if you cool with a chick and y'all leave on somewhat good terms, if somebody come try to on your team, come try to holler and say something about you. She'll Tell, you'll let you know. She'll tell you Every time too. Even If you in a whole nother situation and cool with it and everything, everything good, they gonna let you know for sure. Oh, she, she told me I had a dude to college.


He gonna try to, Hey, ain't you cool? Ain't you cool with Sharp? It ain't like that. Really dude. Hey, matter of fact, you, hey, hey J and and and Unc, you know, and shit, we, we, we we, this this is a great topic. This is barbershop, this is basically how the locker room is. Anyway. You ever been with somebody, if you ever been with somebody in, in, in general based on your experience and y'all were together and what happened? Do you, do you, do you give 'em grace if they step out on y'all? Based on what you talking about? Because Jay, you said if trust is, if trust is broken and you can't trust no more, do you give Grace or you like you out the door Unc what you think, you out the door.


How do you, how do y'all operate based on it? Man, it don't on you for me. You, you, You gotta you gotta think about it. When, when y'all was playing Jay, when you was playing, the individuals that are trying to talk to the woman you with are those that have money just like you, Just as much money as you got. Yeah, for sure. Just money. So the chances of of them actually being loyal, it, it, it is. I I don't wanna say it, it's even because depending on who's asking, depending who's on, who's asking. Your girl is single. Yeah, for sure. Nah, for sure. Hold On. You're not, you hold, let me lemme say this again. Depending on who's asking. Even if she's with you, for sure your girl is single. Yeah, for sure. Okay. 1000%. But bro, you gotta think.


Yeah, and I don't, I think, I think, I think I think the, the, the, the casual people in the chat probably wouldn't understand. But if you in that world, if you're in that world, She gone Like y'all, you get, Bro, I went to the Allstar game for the Most part. 95% of the time. You absolutely right. Ocho big take little bank for Oh, every time. That's why you see, that's why you see big corporations gobble up little corporations All star game in Houston. Right. And that was my second year. This was my third, no, my third year was in Vegas and second year was in Houston. So I go to Houston, I bring this, I had my first little quote unquote video vixen, little chick, little smooth magazine cover, little joint I got, I mean I got one.


I'm calling the homies back. Yeah, I got it. Yeah, I got it. Take it to the game and everything, but I'll take it to the game. But my seats wasn't like that. I'm still first year kind of guy. So I'm like 15, 20 year, 20 rows up. So we chopping it up, kicking it, halftime comes, I'm be right back, da da da. Never come back. Halftime come back. She sitting on the court side with, with big homie. I'm like, oh, at the game like you left big game on the court right there with the Big D, big mink. You dead.


Yeah. Dead ass. Dead ass. Like booty in the cemetery. Straight up, straight up lefty rice Sta standing. But it give you another story. So for me, one my teammates, I had a teammate who's be like, his man is right, his this is right here man. Right on the same we on the, so we all on the same team, basketball team, real live pro team. He go, when we go outta town, my man's homeboy taps my home. His man wife. When we on the road. Yeah. It gets funky bro. Oh no. See I gotta deal Him funky. No, you know what, you know. No, it gets funky. You know what, but here did you know what?


It's Gil, the thing is, is that I'm not married to him. I'm married to her now. That's my homeboy. Now see the me because I ain't got a whole lot of homeboys for my homeboy to do that. And if I allowed you in my home, Hmm. I'm gonna lump you up, bro. I ain't gonna lie. Hold on. You it, It's the disrespect. Hold on. But the disrespect is with the women in that, in that scenario on not, not your home. He Though that's, I would ne I my homeboy, I Gotta put Hands on it. What's your homeboy name? The one that you grew up with in Liberty City? Shady. D Thank you.


Your situation. You, hey, you out of town. You trust around your people. They go out there and they try to, they smashed. Come on man. Hey, I'm done with her, but I got something For him. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about a teammate, yo. Like say we, we, we on the same team. We're all three of us on the same team. We on, we go on the road. Yeah. Ocho man holler at my lady. He in my house with my lady when we on the road. Oh. Oh. See that? That's see now, see now, now. Yeah. See that now see that's, that's ultra different now. Now you talking about somebody, somebody sitting. Yeah, we Need smoke Now. You now somebody letting doves go on something.


You, you gonna, For sure. What you mean I Icho people will kill boy. That's crime of passion. What do you understand? People get off of stuff like that. You Be careful Man. What What I told you about what I told what I told you about managing expectations. Boy, Ocho, you don't manage expectations with a wife. Wife. No sir. No sir. You committed. Ain't no managing. Expect if you gotta manage your expectations with a wife, why did y'all even get married? Why do y'all, why did y'all say those v It ain't no managing. No, if you wanna manage expectations with a girlfriend, I get that. Okay. Okay. You right.


I forgot the part, part. I forgot. I forgot the white first. You man, stay. Look man, look here. Women that are married, look here man. Y'all, y'all gotta know who y'all dealing with because everybody don't handle rejection the same. But it Goes other side. So I understand it for the women to snap and when they men out here tripping. So it goes both ways. I don't want women to think like, oh we on one side. No, it goes regardless. If you get caught in that situation, then it's the, I ain't coming up, I ain't coming up in, I'm not coming up in no Man's house. No sir. You, you ocho Yeah. You go up in a man's house. Yeah. You know a man lived there. You know that's his wife. Anything that happens to you after that?


I'm okay with Straight up. Damn. Nah. Hell yeah. Straight up. Anything, anything, Anything. The same thing I feel about when you spit on somebody. Oh yeah, see you get to control your actions. You don't get to control the consequences of your actions. Right. So you walk your ass up in that man's house. You know like women talking about, I ain't know he was married. That man got a four Benz with a car seat in the back. What the hell you think going On? What posters around this motherfucker? Posters, not pictures. Posters. What dude, what dude, what? Not what? Non married dude riding around with a car seat.


Hey it is a dirty game man. Man, stop playing. Hey Ocho, I don't, I don't play. That's One thing. It's a dirty game. You not, I joke, you know me and you joke back and forth and I joke. Yes sir. Yes sir. I don't, I don't, I don't joke with, I don't joke about nobody's one. No sir. Yeah, Because I don't have, I don't have too many situations in my hometown. Right. Where people have hurt somebody. Hell about woman. Hey Unc, it's all about knowing no disrespect to those situations. And, and this is fellas for you in the chat. All you have to do is pay attention to who you're dealing with and understand who you're dealing with early. Then you'll never get mad. You'll never get mad. You'll be disappointed. Sometimes you'll be disappointed.


You'll be, you'll be disappointed because sometimes you grow to love an individual. Sometimes, sometimes those red flags, they, they look green sometimes, depending on who it is. You know? So You gonna get mad Yourself. But when you understand exactly, when you understand exactly who you dealing with, oh, you just, at some point the, the tables are gonna turn, the table are gonna The same. I I, I don't be playing like that though. Like my, my granddad used to say way back in the day, boy, boy, I want you to always remember the same way you got 'em. It's the same way you gonna lose them. It, it, it always plays out that way every time. Always. I don't want, I don't want that kind, I don't want that law.


I don't want that kind of lose. I don't wanna lose him like that. I ain't trying to lose myself like that because I'm gonna be here behind some bars. I ain't Gonna lie. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, you gotta be. Yeah, you gotta be careful. You do. But boy, a well that love boy a well that pain. Oh yeah. It, it don't, it don't play. Huh? What? Hey, see, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't experienced that kind of hurt. Like y'all, I, I could see your face so I could see, I could see the passion when you, when you rose up off that goddamn chair. I Don't, I don't. Oh boy. I'm telling you, I Don't never wanna feel that. Mm. Man, look, I never want to feel that.


I know. I didn't realize how bad it was till my brother and sister called, said, you need me to come out there. Hmm. My sister never called. Right. My brother never called. My brother called, said, Hey bro, you need me? No, I'm gonna be all right. He asked me again. I hung the phone up with him. He called me back. FaceTime. That's the only time my brother's ever called me FaceTime. Only time, I've never talked to my sister FaceTime. Only one time my brother called me FaceTime. He said, look at me and tell me you're gonna be okay.


I said, what We always say, mayor Porter raised three the hard way. I'm good. He hung the phone up. I gave him my word. I was good. I gave my sister my word. I was good. I might lie. I, in my life, I lied to a lot of people. I ain't gonna even see anything you ever Yeah. I ain't never lied to them. Two more folks. I told 'em I was good. I had to be good. How you, how you, you got over that? It wasn't easy. Ojo. I ain't gonna lie. It wasn't easy time. Yeah. See, and it took you a while to get over.


I got better at dealing with it. See, the quickest way to get over one woman is to get on another one. I ride, get on, I gotta put me another one another, but, nah, in all that, in all seriousness, it took, it took, it took a while. Little Joe. It was tough because when you be with someone for a length of time, right. And let you know what's funny, you talking about even when you be with somebody for a long time, and even if you do get up under another woman, that post nut clarity when it sets in and that temporary satisfaction, it goes away. That pain. See right back in. Oh, oh. The reality, the reality hits again.


Because you know what happened though, Joe? You find yourself questioning yourself. Yeah. Do I like this person or am I trying to get over that person? Trying to get over and It ain't, yeah. I don't even think it's a, I think, I don't even think it's a real question. I think, you know, you trying to get over on and you like, you know what I'm saying? It's almost like he tricking yourself into like, Yeah. And that's it. And, and it's not, it's not fair to the other Individual at all. I fell into that situation. It's not fair A few times for real. That shit is, that shit is not fair. And it's, it's, it's selfish as hell because we all get trapped up in our own shit. And, But the end of the day you gotta be man enough to own it and, and tell them and be like, yo, listen.


Yeah, this is, I got, I got caught up. This is, this is not where as what you thought it was or how fast. Like, listen, I'm coming from a situation X, y, and Z and it's tough, bro. I ain't gonna lie, man. My, like I I, I left my mom, my, my wife's kids, my, my ex-wife and her. I got three kids. We got three kids together. Man. When I left home like that shit was like, that shit was eating me. Not only for the kids, but like, I felt like that was my homie. Like that was my rollie. And when you go through right, you know what I mean? We was, we've been together for a substantial amount of years, like I'm talking about. But like when you growing apart and you going through different layers and different parts of one phases phase Of your life And you get up under somebody else and like you gotta wash that whole stink up off you from a whole nother person.


Like that shit is like, and it ain't stink like that. But it's like you got like people, people I've always heard of. My grandparents used to say it all the time. Like, we, you better be careful who you lay down with. Like them, them souls and the spirits upon you. And that shit is real for me anyway. 'cause like when you laying down with somebody, you intimate with somebody, you giving everybody that, that type of energy and it is time to move on. You gotta wash all that shit up off you. 'cause you can't carry no new shit up on you to a new situation. You be in the worst situation to what you just left. Hmm. Yep. Now it's time for our last segment of day guys. It's time for q and a.


Fila Speaks Jr. Is a great addition. Fila. Thank you Victoria. Love the JR. Smith on a he is a good move. Shout in the ocho. Thank you Tr Kendo. Congratulations JR. On your first son. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. That Devin Bell said, what's good OCHO and swish. Two questions. Do you think the Warriors should trade for Brandon Ingram and does he fit with the team? Swish I go to you first. You our basketball expert. Should the Warriors trade for bi? I think if they can for sure. Depending on who they give up. I don't, I like they Wiggins Trade them, trade them, go get bi a out.


Right now, the only, the only thing that scares me is Wiggins showed up huge in that, in that when they beat Boston in that finals, he on the defense. Oh yeah. Defensive side. We didn't really, they didn't really need him on offense. Yeah. But defensively he showed up huge And I think, I think over the last couple of years he was dealing with something with his dad. He had some probably some, some some home life issues, some family issues. And his dad just recently passed away. So I, that's probably been on his mind. He probably is. That's, you know, now that his, he knows his father is, is resting comfortably. I I I think he, he'd probably be a better player, but pr but prior to that everybody always saw the potential. But he, he, he was never able, quite able to figure it out.


That was a year. I think he averaged like 1920 switch and you Right, he played outstanding defense. Yeah, he played, I mean defensively that it, the way Andre gal coached him up in that finals, it was probably one of the best player to player experiences I've seen, like with a vet and a younger player and like showing him and teaching him like where to be in the right spots. And he really excelled in him. I thought he would have a much higher trajectory right now with a couple all stars or something under his, underneath his belt. But obviously going through some personal issues that can easily, you know, deter the, the route. But I th I, I like him but I think BI was be a great fit for that team.


Hey, damn. Smith said Legger are sorry. They need to blow up the roster. They need to blow up the roster Ojo. Nah, I Don't, nah, I don't blow it up man. Don't blow it up. Don't blow it up. Hell nah. Keep two three. You can move whoever else you need. McGuire said, do y'all think JJ lost the buy in after he threw LBJ under the bus two times in inter in the interview? Looks like two different teams since the first game onward. How he throw Brown under the bus? I, I, I don't know. I didn't hear the interview. Maybe he said something in the post game interview. Ash, did he say anything in the post game interview?


Because you know we came on right after, I mean if It was, it wasn't well the man had 39, 7 and six at 40 years old. I don't know what else. Yeah, I don't know what they, what they thinking. Hold on, she's trying to find it. I guess. Apparently he said something last week. Ashley's gonna try to find that so hopefully we can get to it before we get off there tonight. Kim Norwood Jr. Say would look, would, would you like to see Jah in the dunk contest? Because I would.


Well what made the dunk contest so great Gil, is that before your best dunkers were some of the best players. You had Dominique, you had Jordan, you had Dr. J, you had Sean Kemp, you know, you had some of the best players were your best dunkers. Now none of the best players are in the dunk contest. They got, they going to get guys outside, they get guys in the G League. That's not even in the NBA or guys you've never heard of that aren't in the NBA. So it's a whole different thing now. I think the thing is guys wanted to participate. You know, Kobe got it over though. He was young, but I think now it doesn't have the same pizzazz.


That's why the three point competition is last now because more people show up before the three than to see the dunk contest. Yeah. I think like, and I think a lot the people give bro a lot of flack for when he's not a, he's not a slam dunk contest. Dunker. No, he's not created Dunker. That's not his, that's not his thing. Yeah, he doesn't have the create he doesn't have the creativity before. Like he's an in game dunker, like he's in game tower over, you switch hands, do all of that and dunk like, but as far as like, okay, I'm gonna throw it off the back porch, put it between my legs behind my back 360, like that's not his ths. So it makes like for me, no, like it would make sense for a job ran or an ant man to go get in there.


What's the young kid from the kid Jones? He was with Miami. Barry Jones. Oh, Barry Jones Jr. That, that stuff like, that makes sense but like, just to have certain guys in it just because they superstar that don't make sense to me because like when they started putting big men in a three point competition, it's just like, bro, come on man. What we doing Doc? Yeah, yeah. I I Jada from Akron a hey guys, dark day for many of us. Glad y'all came on in brighten up OCHO 4 28 who your running may be. Can't pick Unc, he won't do it.


A running mate. What, what, what are you talking about? My running mate is is the election. The election. Trump won the election presidency. Yeah. Shit, my running mate that it probably probably be to, to do my vice president. I listen man, I I wish they would, I wish they would let me run for president. But you can. Yeah. American people, you can, you might as well American people. This is something that we've always needed. Yeah. We've needed someone like me in position to give you not just empty promises like everyone else but to actually make this place better again.


Yeah. Look, I didn't before You as your leader. I didn't, I wasn't leaving in 2016. I wasn't leaving in 2020. I'm not leaving in 2024. Where We going? The man won fair and square. Not only did he win electoral college, he won the popular vote. Yeah. So it's just not MAGA republicans that voted for him. Yeah, he pulled the middle. Yeah, He pulled the middle. He grew in every demographic. There's not one demographic in which he did not grow in. So whatever he's saying is resonating with the people that's listening.


Whether you like it or not, he won. Whether you Like it or not, he won, he won fair and square. And guess what? My eyes open today. Yeah. I went to work and I'm gonna go to work. I'm not, I I'm, I I'm, I I don't worry about the, I can't control, we have a process, a democratic process in which people can go cast their vote for the candidate they think is best suited for them and their country. He won, He whatever he said, all I look, I just need him to be a man of his word. Whatever he said he is going to do, I need him to do it, whatever that is.


And I don't wanna hear no backlash because he, he got the Senate, he about to get the house and he got a majority of the Supreme Court ain't nothing to aid. So the next three and a half years be on your best behavior. He said he is going to institute stop and frisk. He gonna give police immunity. He gonna have mass deportation. That's what would run across the ticker. He said his first day mass deportation. Mass deportation. I've seen That over a million the first day. Ah man. Hey, y'all heard what he said. All I want the man to do is do what he saying whatever he promised. He said he gonna lower the taxes for the, Hey Lord, the taxes for the wealthy mass deport, massport, whatever the rules are, what you gonna do with abortion bans or whatever you gonna do.


Hey, department of Education, you said it was gonna go let it go. I want him to do exactly what he said. 'cause that's what you voted for. Yeah. Don't get mad. Don't get mad now. Don't tuck your tail run now. Damn. Who would your runner make be? Huh? Man, I don't want, man, look here. I hate people in my damn business. Now can you imagine running for president? How many people, people, people get paid to go in your business and dig it up? Imagine I ain't nobody getting paid to be in my business and they be in my business all the time. I don't want no part of no presidency.


I don't want no part of nothing. I just wanna be, man you gotta go out there every day. Gotta have a press conference. You can't go nowhere. You got secret service before you go in any building. They gotta sweep it. Sweep the whole Building like that. Gotta get passports and clearance. Yeah. To everybody. Who in the building the days and months before you get there, Bro, y'all saw, I sat down with Madam vp bro, do you understand everybody? They had this, okay, who you coming? Social security number, blah, blah blah. They run a complete background check. You got two checkpoints before you get in there. You go through a metal detector, then they patch you down. They got dogs, I mean everywhere.


All you see is people with ear pieces in their ear. They took, they took Jordan's whole bag apart. They made Jordan take pictures with the cameras. They said, oh, take a picture. Alright, take another one or do a video to make sure those were, I said, oh man, they took, it took Jordan 20 minutes to get in there. I, I started walking back then again. And I was like, what? Damn. Like hey, every camera he had, they made him take it apart, put it back together, take pictures, take videos. Oh yeah. It was a process.


That was, that was, she's running for the, can you imagine what it's like if you were to sit down with the president? Yeah, I want that. I Don't want no part of that. I don't want that. I got enough hard. Earl Caldwell said who's the best scorer ever? mj, Kobe, KD or someone else? Kd. I gotta use the bathroom. Kyrie The man. They got 41,000 points. Kyrie, You got Kyrie the best scorer. You said just scoring. Not nothing else. Just scoring Rie. Yeah.


Not even close. You like Gary over, over Hard. Not even close. Oh, not even James ain't even, he ain't even in the top five scoring. Damn. Nah yeah. No, no, no, no, no. Kai is different. Man. Switch bad Harden had that stretch Man. Yeah, but it's like, it's also a stretcher. He's shooting 18 to 15 free throws a game. Like that's different. Yeah. Like that's not like, that's not necessarily efficient. Buckets. Like granted you getting, you getting like to the free throw line and you just putting points on the board without scoring. But I'm talking about like, bro I need you to go like 1215 With the ball in the basket.


Like, like that type of bucket. Yeah. I ain't talking about no step back. Pull like and dance, dance, dance. My boy kai is nasty man. Left hand, right hand. Oh Yeah. Hey he can, he can dance with the Ball down. Handles is crazy. His, to me, he's the best six foot six one and under finisher that I've ever seen. No, not close. He's not, he's not above the rim player. Just imagine if could play above the He. Oh my god. Like bro, I tell you English, the up and Under post up spot up 90% from, from free throw just however you want.


Literally. And it don't matter. You could be tossed short, fat, skinny, slow, fast. Like it don't matter. He get to it and he gotta change the pace with it. That's so crazy. S said Hey Joe just wanted to remind you that you had 67 touchdowns, Unc had 62. Much love Future Hall of Famer. Nah, I got my own, I got my own jacket 1 0 1. You don't know where it's, you ain't got no jacket. A Fletcher said appreciate y'all talking about breakups had one in high school and dog. I couldn't eat for two weeks but definitely made me a savage. Nah, for real. It'll turn you into a savage.


It, it, it, it, it, it'll turn. Oh Lord. Nah, you, you straight dog Don't even worry about it. Oh No, no I'm not. I'm talking about well I'm damn near 50 them days long gone. The savagery is over. Oh this Yeah, shit. Hell yeah. Okay. Like you gotta think I I live with what he talking about. I did that damn near 30, 30, 25 years ago. Man, that shit old. Yeah, that's, and that's, I'm, I'm in, I'm in a different place in life right now where so much other, it's so much other shit going on. When that, when that piece of the puzzle ain't working, I, I feel the void and I feel that space with stuff like this and the other 230 goddamn goddamn jobs and then as more time as the more time that goes on and I have space then it just, at some point it just, it feels itself, it just, it just feels itself.


It's like, you know, and it becomes routine and you become, you become Okay. It's only but so much Call of Duty you can play though. Yeah. Yeah. I be playing Call Booty. Hey break my heart. That what I'm calling He got the, he goes back to the roster. Nah, I ain't gonna spin the block. See yeah that was my problem. I spin them drones. I'm spin them drone like I ain't Hold up. Lemme go back around.


Oh man. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap Basketball Style. I'm your favorite aunt Shout sharp. He's your favorite. 85 Liberty City Zone. Bingo ring of Fame artery Pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ocho Seco Johnson. Just call him OCHO and our special contributor on basketball Wednesday two time NBA champion, one of the great three point Mark Smiths of all times. Swish Jr r Smith. Thank you Swish for joining us. Please make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber counts. We thank you for counting


Saved by La Portier. The holidays are here and we have it in stock. If we're hoping to be in about 16 states by the end of the year. If we're not currently in a state or sitting near you, you can order it. The holidays are right around the corner. You got Thanksgiving about three weeks away. You got Christmas and you got New Year's. Go ahead and put your order in. We'll make sure you have it by the holidays.


Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release dropped last week. We had I was Hell when I was Well and I'll lie for you before I lie to your T-shirts, black Nightcap Hoodies and by Popular Demand. Stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our bestsellers, the Unc and ocho ts. We got a lot of requests that people wanted. The Unc and Ocho t and Black. Well we listen and now we drop that, we put that in the store and we dropped that last week. Quantities are limited so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Thank you JR for joining us. The Grizzlies beat, the Lakers 1 31, 1 24.


The Warriors beat the Celtics one 18 to one 14 and that concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm Unc Heath, Ocho Heath Swish. We're back tomorrow. Ocho and I are back tomorrow after Thursday night Football after the Ravens beat up on the Bengals Swish. We'll see you next week. Thanks for joining us again. You ready? I see y'all next week baby. Bye bye. Alright, bro. The Volume.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going. Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.