
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the Jets season? Look no further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 and bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions terms and responsible gaming resources.


It goes that way sometimes. Ocho John Elway helped the Bronco team that won five straight FC West titles, made two Super Bowl appearance and captured a Super Bowl in his 10 seasons as general manager. He paired on, pardon my take today and said, not selecting Josh Allen in 2018. And the NFL draft was his biggest mistake of the gm. The Broncos had number five pick in the draft and used it to select North Carolina State Pass Russia, Bradley Ch Allen, who played two hours away from Denver and Wyoming was selected by the Bills. Seventh. Gotta take a quarterback. You gotta take a quarterback. You got to wait.


Wait a minute. Do me a favor, run that back again. Back the selections. He had the number five pick, right? He took Bradley Chubb Chubb Seven two picks later. Josh Allen goes to Buffalo. At that time, what did the Broncos need? A quarterback. Who was the quarterback when, when Bradley Chugg got drafted? Was it Trevors and or, or who's There Because they had gotten rid of Brock Osweiler. I remember Brock. I remember Brock. I remember Brock. Yeah, because you, you, you know, normally especially would've picked that high.


The teams always the need. What is our need? Case? Need case. Bad case. Keen. Mm. Yeah. You see how you put your head to the side? Mm. Not so Case Keenum that previous season before that draft. He must have had a good year. I don't give a He, he he had. I'm just saying he had to have had a good year where they felt okay that that position right now is good enough. He's played well enough. Not the greatest. No, Ocho I'm just telling you, I need your Prime Ex. Think about this Ocho look at Alex Smith was getting the Kansas City Chiefs to the playoffs every year. Andy Reed the pick, zoomed up the draft board, traded two first rounds and a third to select Patrick Ma Holmes to get Mahomes.


Yeah. You don't pass on those guys if you give an opportunity to get one. That was, that was so, so maybe. Hey, listen. Do you think who, who, who was in that draft that was a no-brainer that you just can't pass up. Did they not feel Josh Allen was worthy of that pick? Because if If He was, they They would've took it. Pardon my take. Maybe, like I said, I thought it was a mistake at the time. Right. Probably caused him his GM ship in Denver. You had Vaughn, your problem was you couldn't score.


Score. Yeah. It don't matter how great your defense is. At some point in time, they're gonna have an off game. Yeah. Team's gonna get 14 team's gonna get 17. But if you only can score 10, you gonna lose. Dang. Baker Mayfield was first. Saquon, Barkley was third. Sam Darnell was No, Saquon was second Sam. Donna was third. Denzel Ward was fourth. Bradley Chubb was fifth. Quentin Nelson was sixth. Josh Allen was seventh. Roan Quan Smith was eight. Mike Glitchy was nine. Josh Rosen was 10. Lamar Jackson was 32nd.


I bet you if he could redo the, redo that draft all over and team knew what Lamar Jackson was, what pick you think he would've win. You Want me to lie? You want me to tell you the truth? I want you to tell me the truth. I don't like when you lie to Me. I think, I think if they redo this draft, I think they would take Josh Allen in front of Lamar. People I, for whatever reason, Even what you, What you seen So far today, Because they look at Lamar and say, well, he, I don't know what else Lamar can do. He's gone just as far as Josh Allen, he's more, he's, I mean, with it.


Take this, take Patrick Mahomes of the young quarterbacks, right. Guys that are 28, 29, between 28, 29 and 23. Take. Yes sir. Take Patrick Mahomes out of the equation. Lamar's the only one in that group that got MVPs. Mm. So I You still, I'm missing something when fake about it. When it comes down to when they say, okay, top five quarterbacks, DeMars never one, he's never two. Because Joe Burrow always goes two. Right. And, and the people take, take Justin Herbert over him. The guy that had a 27 point lead and got coughed it up.


Justin Herbert. Yes. Over Lamar Jackson. People do I don't I, they, they never asked. They never asked me who, Chad, what? Where's that? What? Didn't somebody just put a list out the top five quarterbacks? I think somebody put the top 10 quarterbacks out. Right. Ashbury tried to find it. That's, that's, that's, that's, That's crazy. But you think about it, Sam, Sam Darnell is on his what, third? 14 fourth. He was at the Jets. He was at Carolina. Caroline Carolina. He was at the 49 ERs. Now he's on wherever he is at. Listen, Mahomes one, borough two.


Josh Allen. Three. Right. Lamar four. Okay. Knowing what you just said, knowing what we know now, said Now. Yeah. They still put Josh Allen in front of Lamar. That's easy. I'm just saying. And, and, and listen Jo, Josh is great though. Lamar is great. Two different ki two different type of quarterbacks. They different, they both, they, they, they both get the job done the same. You know, they both get the job. They Different ways. But Josh done been to like Super Bowl. He done lost. He's won or been to and lost a couple of Super Bowls. He hasn't, hell, he hadn't even been to, he hadn't even been to a championship. At least the market say, well, hell, I've been to a a FC championship game.


I've won two MVPs. I've been first team all pro twice. Hey Josh Allen is good though. Unc, if he could just start, if he, if he not, if he knock off them, if he knock off them turnovers, if he can stop turning the ball over sh but then he's also a gun sling, a gun slinger because of his arm strength. Because he knows he's so, he's so good at throwing the ball. He takes chances. Yeah. Unnecessary though. Un exactly. Espn.com. We took, put the ranking from esp.com. I mean there go to any site, I mean, whatever you want to pro football focus or what? I mean, what's the other side who have Sports Illustrated Bleacher Report and see?


Mm. I I I the only thing I don't think we have any questions about is number one, who, who gonna debate that? Who would even take their pencil to put someone above Mahome? Give him what he's done in six years as a starter. The man has been to four Super Bowls. He's won three, two, 5,000 yard seasons and he's a three time Super Bowl. MVP. So who You No, nobody. Your pen, your pen would just start. Your pen would just start scratching. If you try to write somebody name, every quarterback won over by home. You pre to just like, nah, I ain't writing that. Yeah. Dang. So the thing is, Josh Allen, if you look at it Ocho and you played against this guy, he's a more athletic big band.


Oh shoot. When you put it like that, hey. He is. But early in his career, what did they do for big dividend? They played outstanding defense and they let Jerome Bess and Willie Parker do what they do. Right. I also gotta develop being developed into the passer that he became. They didn't just turn the keys over to him right away. Right. Damn, that's a good comparison. Like that. A more athletic fan. Not who he's Yeah. Much, much, much more athletic. He's Oh, he can hit his head on the goalpost from 50. Oh yeah. Absolutely.


Absolutely. You let him get a jump on you even to catch him. Oh, no, no, no. Nah, nah, nah. And he'll run your butt over. You see how many hot guys he, he run people over, man, stick that dude. 6, 6 6. Probably like 2 50, 2 55. Yep. Easy. So Bill's wide receiver, Mack, Hollins doesn't wear shoes or use utensil. Thinks small cats steal your soul and haven't eaten a vegetable in three years. Is Mack Hollins the most interesting man in the NFL? No, he's not. He just doesn't wear shoes. We see that all the time. When people leave a club, women, and they, the heels hurt.


They don't wear their shoes. You See it all. That ain't seen no guy doing no shit. Excuse me. I ain't seen no guy doing no issue like that. Yeah. But it, he's just wearing it. I mean, he's just wearing no shoes. You ever seen, you ever see a guy leave a club with his shoes in his hand? No, but I seen a lot of people walk barefoot though. A lot of people not at the Club, not leaving the club. I see. Women. No, but I Just, I I just used a club as an example. Yes. Of just seeing people walk barefoot, not having shoes on. But Mac man, it, I don't, he's not the most interesting in the league. Absolutely not. Not because he doing that. Hell nah Man, I, I don't walk. No. So many, I only walk in my own house barefooted. Oh. I always have on socks.


I got on, I wear Crocs in my HII have to wear, you know, I got slides, protective stuff that you put over your feet that you can walk in. If you wanna wear your shoes, you can wear those. Or you can just wear your socks. Yeah. My house too cold. Mac, you know, I ac I ac I ac stay on 60, Man. I was like, Ooh. Yeah, That Mac, He's, he's different. He's different. Yeah. He's different by, you know, but based on what he does and what he's doing, but not most interesting. Nah, it's, it's too many, it's too many interesting individuals in the NFL to say that he's interesting because he's doing that. No, not even, not even close. Yeah. But like I said, I, I, like you said, I've seen women go to, you know, club and they've been in them red bottoms or they've been in shoes, them heels standing in those hills for hours and hours.


As soon as they get outside, They off. Yeah, they off. But I ain't never seen, I, I've never seen a guy come outta the club and he gotta take his sneakers off. Or he take or he take his hard bottles off. I ain't seen that. Now. I maybe ch maybe you guys have seen that, but I still haven't seen it. The New York Jets window is very small. Rogers had an initially hole for two great years with the, with the chance to win the Super Bowl. But after this injury last season, the clock is ticking louder than ever. Roger said today, I would say there was a lot of sentiment that last year wasn't a great year for me.


I'd still, I'd like to still have two great years. What would be, it wasn't a great year, Ocho, you went down four snaps into the, the, the, your first game. What you mean it wasn't great? It was incomplete. It was nothing. Yeah. I mean that Well, that would, that, that would attest to him saying it wasn't it, it wasn't a great year because he wasn't able to play. No, he Said, he said there's a lot of, a lot of sentiment that last year wasn't a great year for me. It wasn't. Yeah. Am I, Chad, Chad, am I confused?


I mean, if you go, if, if, if I'm supposed to do X, Y, and Z Right? And let's just say for the sake of argument, o show you and I, we gonna start, we gonna do Nightcap 10 minutes in the Nightcap. Man. Ocho like, man, OI can't, I ain't gonna be able to do it. All Right. People say, people gonna say, but Ocho last situation wasn't that good. It wasn't, bro, you was on the show for 10 minutes. Yeah. I mean, may maybe, maybe he means, well he's not wording what he wants to get. He's not wording it the right way. Oh, You mean to tell me the guy that has the right words for every situation that's thought about it through and through use correct words to try to steer.


You can add words to certain things to make him say what you want him to say. Wanna say. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I just, he, he, he not saying the right way, but I know I, I know what he can do based on what he, based on what he, what he said about wanting to play two more years. If, if that Achilles holds up, if that offensive line holds up, if Aaron Rogers is anything like what we've seen in the past, oh, he could play two more. Yeah. 'cause the, the, the jet don't have no answer right now. They don't have an answer. They don't have an answer. So he can play two more years. Well, he might not, they might not have a choice, but it better go well because everybody gonna be gone.


Aaron Rogers the head coach, the coach, the general manager, everybody. Woody Johnson outta there. Get everybody up outta there. Yeah. I think I, they gonna be all right though, depending on what Aaron Rodgers you get. I'm talking about the Aaron Rodgers that's locked in and focused on the goddamn game of football. Not any of the, the goddamn shenanigans. He gonna be all right. They gonna be all right. I know one thing he better throw goddamn Garrett Wilson, that goddamn damn ball at Lazar and handed off Toree Hall. Bree Hall gonna take all the pressure off of him. Hall gonna take, I I want, I want him, I want to, I want to see, I like when great players play, play great. Even when they change locations. I mean, a lot of people Well, you ain't playing for my team.


I don't wish you the best. No. I wanna see great players play great. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Most. I mean, I don't wanna see you on your last legs. I don't wanna see you like Joe Namath when he was with the Rams or Johnny Unitas in the six, the Chargers. Who wants to see that? Because a lot of times that's the last memory that you have. A lot of times everybody that's watching you at your last stop, that's the only impression that they have. When your people say, man, you don't realize how great x, the XY was It used to be. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I I i, I doubt he he's not gonna go out like that. Well, I hope not. Watch Watching, watching him practice, watching him throw, watching him move around. He looks good. The arm strength is still there.


The plays he's making with Garrett Wilson. The clips are always on social media now, since they've been in camp. He, they, they gonna be All right. I'm telling you, Bree Hall is gonna take that pressure off of him. And all you gotta do is facilitate that ball and don't make any mistakes with turnovers. Simple. The defense is so good. Yeah. Oh yeah. But you know, Ojo defense is, you only stay at that level, that upper legend for a, for a period of time. Then you have a break. Oh yeah. And then you bounce back. But to stay here, It's difficult. It's hard. Very hard 'cause because you know, hey, it's just like everything.


Teams go back and they break you down down 16 weeks. Yeah. And they see what you did in certain situations. Your personnel who does what? The, that it's, that's why I say it's hard to win in the NFL man. Yeah. The sooner you have a little success team break you down to the umpteenth degree to see why you have that success. And they force you to play to your bad and keep you away from your good. But they better go to, they better go to a roaring start. You know how today they get restless in New York? Oh.


Oh, listen, the, the fans in New York, just like the fans in Philly, boy, they don't, they don't play that. Yeah, for sure. They don't, they don't play that. Alright. Ojo awful announcing relief revealed their list of top 10 sports. Anthem number 10, one shining moment. Luther did that one, didn't it? Is that Luther Luther Vandross One shot Of the moment? Other people. Okay. Wild World of Sports. The classic, the Masters tournament, unlike any other, the NNFL, lone Fox Sports Centers 1990s CBS College Sports David Fair.


Barett Olympic theme. Oh, that, ooh, that should be, that should be, that's a good one. The Olympic theme. Yep. Number three. Monday Night Football. The classic number two. March Madness on CBS. I don't even know that. The NBA on NBC man, don't nobody remember though. NBA on NBC. They don't remember when the NBA was on NBC. Oh, Wait, wait. I, I forgot how it goes. Nah, it was on the video game too, I think, if I'm not mistaken. What, what was The LA when did NBA have Hold on. That had to be like, hold on. I'm trying to think.


Jordan, that was, Was while Ago, huh? Was it Costas was 2002. The NB hadn't been on NBC since 2002. Two. So two decades. Yeah. I think it might've been NBA jam. I know, I know. One of the video games used the theme from NBA on NBC At least like we hear the Olympic theme every four. Hey, that's dope. March Just comes around every year. Monday. I mean, I can't even, I it's been so long since the, the NBA was been on NBCI know it's going back to NBC.


I can't even remember. You don't remember the song? I Don't. I I, I only I got it in my head. I only know, I promise you. One, I don't know if it was NBA Jam, one of the games used the NBA used a song from NBA on NBC on the video game. I'm telling you, I I know. I'm not tripping, Chad. Somebody gotta somebody gotta be old enough to remember. That's a gamer. What it was, what video game it was. I think they knocking on my throat. I'm too loud again.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially on the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


So we don't have time for fellow cinco. Last name of Olympias edition, but Oh, That's, that's not fair. We could do it. We could do it tomorrow. Okay. We'll do, no, we, we'll be back on again. We On tomorrow. Back on Wednesday. Wednesday. Tomorrow is Wednesday. Oh, we got time. Are we gonna smell it now? Okay. Okay, Joe, we gonna do it? We gonna do it? We gonna do it? Yeah. Yeah. It's time, it's time for, yeah. Chat this for y'all. Chat. Okay. Ojo, we gonna start you off with a easy one. A very, very easy one. Okay.


Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Naja Houston. Wait, you want me to, we doing first name and last name? Do a last name. Houston. That's easy. Go ahead. H-O-U-S-T-O-N. You said Houston, H-U-S-T-O-N. Nija Houston. Who? Who? Parents playing around like That. What you get that what you get for being fast? Who parents playing around like that? You, You the one quick free. I know, I know, I know. And get it wrong. Okay. Who Parents playing around like that?


How about this one? She's the youngest American. Yeah. To win a tennis match in the Olympics since Venus Williams. Yeah. Coco Golf. GAU double F. Correct. Stop playing. Stop playing with my top. Whatcha talking about? Let's go. Okay. She's water polo. Emily OSUs last name. OSUs What? OSUs.


OOAO Pass me the ox cord. O-A-U-S-M-E-S-A-U-S-M-U-S. OSUs. What, what can I, could you gimme a little credit? No, You spelled it wrong. I don't know these people. You don't know the word, but you be spelling them. How about this Here? Yeah. Okay. But we, we, We, we spelling people's name. That's different than me having. Yeah, now you don't, but you ain't say nothing. When you went back to 2075 BC for the Olympics.


You ain't say nothing about that. But you was there. You wasn't there. No. You talking ball. You plug that when you plug, you said when you plug that computer up, it's, it's on. IIII hadn't plugged it in yet. I ain't think you gonna go that deep. Fancy. You be, you be wanting to stu me so bad you be going back. How about this? Here, Taylor. April Taylor Avil. Okay, now that, that one's easy based on the pronunciation of what you just, you said Avil. Yes. Huh? Because we, we had a, we had a football player. Cliff Avil. Yes. Right. Aav. RIL.


Now if that's wrong, I quit. Well, you quit because it's wrong. A-V-E-R-I double L April Ave. Why would they add the E? The E is silent. That makes no sense. Well, I don't know to tell you. Okay, the last one. He is the biggest threat, I believe, to Noah, Lowes, in the 200 meters. He also made it in the hundred meters. Okay. Kung Fu Kenny. Kenny, Benner, Berick, Kenny Berick. Not, not you spell Derek. So Berick, I'm just gonna take the B-E-N-E-R-R-I-C-K.


Not, it can't be wrong 'cause Derrick and Beek is the same. So the spelling should be identical. B-E-D-N-A-R-E-K. Kenny Beek. Beek or Beek? Bedner. So where'd the D come from? Dead. But You said his name is Benner? Yeah. Kenny Ric. So, Okay, you confusing me. You ever heard of you ever, do you remember the last guy that played you both ways? Chuck Nerrick spelled different but concrete. Charlie's what they called him number 60.


Philadelphia Eagles. I don't, I I don't that, that's not fair. That's not fair. Alright. Your hands, your little revenge. Get your little revenge back. Look at it. Look at it. Look at it. Hey, hold on. Let's wait for the graphic. It's now, it's time for Dunk on Unc. Yeah. I got, I got this because you, you nah, you, you tripping. Hold on. Lemme get you together real quick because I'm, I'm starting with the hog ones. Why you do all that ocho? Nah, because man, you, you give me, you know, I don't know how to spell in people name, man. Oh, question number one, Chad, here we go. What? Olympic games, what Olympic games.


The year and where they were was the first to be televised. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yep. So there were no Olympics in 16.


Well, TV Didn't come out. tv. Well, color television, they had black and white. I would say, I'm taking a wild guess here at ocho. Okay. I'm gonna say 19, 19 52. 1952. Where? Let's see. 60 was in Rome. 56 was in Melbourne.


52. Yeah. I don't know what to tell you. Yeah, I Stockholm, I don't know. Yeah. No, not Stockholm. Berlin 36. It was In Berlin. The first Olympic games were televised in Berlin in 1936. 1936. Ha ha. Question number two. You are owning one. Okay. Matter of fact, you gonna go, oh, for five initially started as a recreational sport for American soldiers during World War ii.


What sport will make its debut in Los Angeles? 28, 20, 28 games. It started as recreation, As a recreational sport for the soldiers in World War ii. This sport will make its debut in, in Los Angeles at the 2028 games. What would soldiers do? Oh yeah. I mean, I couldn't even You saw full metal jacket?


Yeah, I saw full metal jacket. Okay. You remember what them soldiers did when they was What? Pack Foot locker. Love you. Long time obstacle Course marching. I don't know. I can't even, I can't even get into Possibly. Okay. Well the answer you're looking for is not optical course. The answer is not marching. The answer is flag football. Oh. The ER is flag football. And flag football is coming to the Olympic Games in 2028. Okay, I'm gonna be playing too. Question number three. You are now, oh, for two. Just like I was in Olympic sport through 1920.


What? A game which involves two teams pulling a rope and a test of strength on Olympic sport in 1920. Okay. And I gave you that easement. 'cause I knew you won't get the first two. So you, you, you Okay? Yeah. Okay. Ocho, I, Yeah, I gave that one. I gave you that. I just plugged my computer in Ocho. I just plugged it in. Oh, you, oh, you plugged it in. I Plugged it in, don't you? Okay. Okay. What are the five rings in Olympic symbol intended to represent since you just plugged it in? Yeah, I could hear Ash laughing. What Do the five rings in Olympic symbol intended to represent Liberty City Sportsmanship.


Okay. Okay. Man, I don't know. I don't know. I ain't, I ain't know where. Yeah, Yeah. I thought you plugged it in the five parts of the Olympic rings. Excuse me. The five rings in Olympics. Oh my God. Ocho the five rings, which are symbolic of the Olympic sign represent the five parts of the world. Africa, Asia, Australia, the Americas, and Europe. So the five continents. You didn't know that, huh? No, I did not. But, but, but you know now. Yeah. Here we go. Question number five.


Oh, this is number four. Which country has the most Olympic gold medals And how many? Well, America, we got the most gold medals. Okay. Okay. Well you got, you got complete When you combine And, we got And. we got 3000. When you combine summer and win Olympics. We didn't, I didn't ask you to combine. I said Olympic Dr. Olympic win Olympics and Summer Olympics. Woohoo. I plugged computer in on, I plugged the computer in on it. No. Nope. No, You said Olympics. We, we are not in the Winter Olympics. So why About the, you didn't say summer didn't specify Didn't.


I'm talking about summer. I'm talking about Y'all trying to do me. Y'all see what he trying to do to me. Chad, y'all see that, right? We in the summer, we're in the summer Olympics. Why? What you say, Chad? Y'all see what he trying to do to me? Stay, stay with me now real quick. We, we are talking about and recapping the Summer Olympics. Why are you even mentioning winter? Why would I be asking about winter in The summer? You said who has the most medals? I said America. You said how many, you didn't say Summer Olympics, right? You didn't say no. How many for the summer? I don't know what you mean In its totality for the Summer Olympics.


You said the US has the most gold medals. And I said how many No, you didn't say some. You said who has the most gold medals in Olympics history? Which country has the most gold medal? I said America. Then you added a two part question because you didn't think I was gonna get it. You said how many? I said 3000. How would you not get it? Of course the United States has the most, everybody knows that. But I'm talking about how many and why you mentioned the Winter Olympics. And, we in summer, we recap the Summer Olympics big. They are the Olympics. You said? Gold medals. They pass our gold medal in the Winter Olympics too. But it ain't the Winter Olympics that we're talking about. You Know, see, Hey y'all.


See O Hey, they killing you Ocho. Why they killing you Ocho? I got it. I got it. Nah, you cheating. You. You, I told you I plugged the computer in once I plugged that computer in the Phone. You got, you got that wrong. I got 'em until I got it right. Alright, question number five. What team did the women's national basketball team lose to in 1992? Woo. Oh yeah. Ooh, man.


Well that dial up ain't working. Huh? It's only one or two. Yep. Okay. You could only give me one answer. You can't give me two. You got the same amount, right? I did. 'cause you gonna get this wrong. I ain't got two of 'em. Right. I'm about to get a third one. No, you got one, right? Oh, I'm gonna go, who could have beat us at 92?


It was in Barcelona. That was the last time we lost too. It ain't who I, I I know it's gonna be somebody I don't, but it's least I was there. So I remember, Bro, you were 13. I know I was there. I don't know Spain. Wrong. Australia or Soviet. The Commonwealth of Independence.


The Russians. Wait, did I say the right, the Commonwealth of independent states? Yeah. Big. Lemme say that the right way. They done changed their name so many times. Yeah. They went to the unified teams. So you, you went one for four. I So we both, I I got two of 'em. Right. Don't cho You didn't gimme the amount of medals that United States won was part of the question. 3000. You Said 3000. Why you adding No, we're talking about the Summer Olympics. You didn't say that. Alright, now it's Typhi. Last segment of the day is called Q and a.


Jay West said Unc OCHO could flag football work in the Olympics. Well, we're about to find out in 28, right? Yeah. We're gonna find out 2028. It's gonna be here. Hey guys, we've seen some fun Olympic games commentary by Snoop Dogg. Colin Joss from Saturday Night Live. Which event do you two think you could commentate on together the best and would keep us all laughing. Oh, track. Yeah, Track. But but don't, don't put me on, don't put me on that mic at a track. Me and somebody and, and somebody getting ready to get lapped. Woo woo.


Man. Man, I, man. Nah, don't, don't, don't do that. Don't do that. I would like, you know, obviously track and field, you know that. But I would like, you know what I like to commentate on? I don't know. They got like, they got like trampoline in the Olympics and they got rhythmic ju rhythmic gymnastic. You know what? Break break dancing. Yeah. Break breakdown makes his debut Fun. The car comment on. Yep. Yeah. Yep. That'd be a good one. The rhythmic gymnastics where they got the little rhythm, they be spinning that thing and they throw the ball up in there and they throw the baton. Girl B, you know what? Oh yeah. Synchronized swimming O Joe. Oh boy.


They don't be playing, bro. Yeah, Man. Hey, hey, they don't be playing, Man. I don't know how the women be holding their breath like that upside down. That's, that's, that's difficult. Yeah. And to be in and to be in unison. Yes. All together. That takes a lot of practice. Now that takes a lot of practice. Keer Norwood. That's good. That's a good question. I like that one. Keer Norwood Jr. Said Ocho. Do you have a split NFL jersey with the Bengals and the Dolphins? No, I know, I know what you're talking about. I don't have a split, but No, no, I don't, I don't. Dr. Frankie l Beverly said, your chest is so big. It looks like you swallowed Ocho. Just playing Ocho. Love y'all.


I'm losing weight. I, I, I don't think people understand how big I've gotten. You ain't? I have. Oh, George, oh, George over today. OO Jordan. He know it just about a time it's over. He had a little run. He had a little six months stretch where, you know, he was the most in shape. But it's over now. Like Luther said, it's over now. Wait, I'm the, I'm the most in shape right now. Oh Lord. Mercy ojo, you weigh 53 pounds. Unc I just told you I started at 1 78. I've been in, I'm on week. What's this week three? I'm at one 90 now. You ain't no one 90. You ain't no one 90. You ain't no one 90. No. Hold on, man.


You ain't got no scale in there. I don't need no scale. Tuck your shirt in so you can see. So you got, you can't wait. You can't see in front of the camera or you don't see how big guy got unc. Man, I'm, I'm telling you, when you see, when you see me, listen, let lemme Hey, somebody gonna call the exterminator to get that praying man out, out the hotel room. You making jokes now you can see, you could see through. Oh, Joe, you not know one 90, bro. Listen, You can listen. Unc just pay attention now. You can see how done filled in. I trap everything coming in titty, titty sitting.


Right when you see me, when you see me August 22nd, we'll be in Atlanta and I'm, and I'm around 200, 2 0 5. Remember? I told you so. All right. Remember, I remember I tell, Hey, remember I told you so I'm telling you What, who was cold in here? Ocho? Yeah. All right. You might need to be, I don't know, Ocho, I ain't gonna lie. I seen, I seen cheerleaders on top of the pyramid bed holding the sign saying yay, with big arms to you. All Right. Alright. You'll see. Oh, true. Remember that? Remember came down. I did. Ooh, I did the work this morning, man.


Jordan like bald man. Man, you know, know, I think Jordan. Hey, you had your run. It was short, but you had a little run. Yeah. How, how long? How long run? How long his run was? How long were your run? About about eight months. Yeah. He ain't run. He talking about he still running. No, you not. I done caught you. I done ta on his shoulder. You got police. The police pull up on you. They don't flash the blue light. They just pull up beside you. Pull over, son. That's how they, that's how they do you the south. They don't turn the blue and pull aid pull over, son. I got you. You look like 1 75, 180. All right.


You'll see. Yeah. Get your jokes off now. I, I told you, when we do the show in August, when we go to Atlanta, I'm not wearing, I'm, I'm only wearing a tank top. I'm only wearing a tank top. And I'm putting on my Dickies in my trucks. And that's how I'm doing the show. Well, you know, you boy, I'm gonna be Woo. Well, you already see. Yeah, you see the Hulk? Yeah. All right.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am A loyal viewer, One of my very favorite shows. We, we Appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The funny, I'm going, I'm going, I'm gonna catch you. That's the whole point. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Oh, man, Ocho, you nev ocho you, first of all, you never gonna be my weight and I'm never gonna be your weight. The only way I'm gonna be your weight, I'm gonna be three months past dead. That was the only way I'm would be 1 75, 180. All I gotta say is I'm gonna be 200 pounds come August 22nd. That's all that matters. Oh, Joe, I hadn't 200 pounds since my freshman year. That was 86. That damn the 40 years ago. Yeah, but I ain't, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to prove a point because told me I was. That's my point. Look At, I'm trying to prove a point Ocho I'm telling you how big, how fast, how big.


I can get fast. Look at OCHO clavicle. Look at, look at point to point. Look at his shoulders and look at my shoulders. You see the difference. You see this, this You wide, you wide. I'm aerodynamic. That's the Difference. What I'm trying to, what I'm trying to tell you. Yeah, You wide and I'm aerodynamic. I'm trying, I'm trying to tell you, you only gonna get so big ocho because you ain't got to put it. I'm still going to get to two 20. I'm telling you I can do it. This man here, you, you'll see, You'll see it just my camera's so small, I, you really can't see the definition and, and how much work I've put in. But you'll see.


I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to, if you look at somebody, look at their clavicles, you look at, you know, from point to point, oh Joe, you only can get so big. Where are you gonna put the weight? The chest area, the legs, the arms. I'm telling you. You'll see, you'll see. Man, it's cold in here. Lemme put my shirt back on. Oh boy. Ojo Back on. You'll see. Tell you, you doubted me. Like my high, my teachers doubted me in high school. They told me I went, I couldn't do it. Oh my goodness. You wanna know where the weight gonna go. You gonna to see come September 1st.


Ocho I'm just ocho All I'm saying is Oh yeah, you ocho What, what Ocho I mean you 1 75. No, I'm one 90 right now. You Ain't a one 90. That's not a one 90 frame. And it's okay. Yes, it's How you gonna tell me about my frame? Because I could, I just, I weigh Because body I've studied. Hey, you don't know you feel that? That's a C cup right there. C cup. Talk about, man, I'm out here. Let's go. I probably, I weigh you. I probably like, I'm probably like 50 right now.


Me, I'm probably two 50. God damn. Huh? Well, you Fat. No, I ain't fat. I'm solid. A Hey, hey. I tell you what, I tell you what, when you see, I'll tell you what, when you see me in Atlanta, we see. Okay. Okay. No, no. You okay. You'll see. All right. Ain't no fat bro. Ain't no fat. Yeah. Yeah. We, I mean, I just, I just did the same thing. Okay. You see the difference? Don't look at that. You see the difference. Oh, you ain't no bigger than me, man. Just wait. Hey, I'm sorry. I, I tell before anything I say I'm a, I'm a, I'm a a there's a lot of man this, say this a heavyweight.


Now this like you in the heavyweight division. Now you've been dealing with the middle weights in the well to weight 1 47. Right? You might have went up to a couple of times, maybe even a light heavy. Yeah, I 75. I say, but this a super heavyweight. This the, yeah, the, the Clinch goals and the Lenox Lewis's. Yeah. Right, right. Fur. The Anthony Joshuas this a, this a big class here. Now you throw your boy I heavy. You know what I'm saying? Don't I heavy? Hell no. But I'm just saying don't yo. Yeah. I can look at your, you can look at point to point to your shoulders. Yeah. It only gonna get so big. Nah, that, that ain't got nothing to do with it.


Yes. It's Telling the way. Gotta go somewhere. I just told you where it's gonna go. You know, I, I don't know. Talk about it no more. I'm gonna just show you. I'm gonna show you, like, I showed Mathis in high school. I came back to them when I made it. I came back to them. Remember you, you said I wasn't gonna be able to do this. Here you go. Chad. Can y'all see the difference between Ocho shoulder from point to point and mine? Yeah. I, I just told you, you wide, you like, you wide. That's What I'm trying to say. Ocho. Just because my shoulders are aerodynamic does not mean I can't gain and put on muscle and weight. Where you going to put it at?


The weight has to go somewhere, but It's, it's gonna go there. You, I'm gonna show you. I'm gonna show you. Oh Lord. Have mercy Ocho. You just, You. Hey Unc. You'll see. I, I ain't, I ain't gonna say nothing else because I, I could show you better than I could tell you. Okay. Oh Lord. That Mercy Ocho. I'm just saying. Yeah. I mean, Hey you. Hey. I ain't even worried about you. If you just running from the police. Just hide behind the street sign. They gonna walk right Past. I can't. I'm too big for that. Yo, you skinny. I ain't skinny, but I ain't even no Snoop Dogg is skinny.


Hey Chad. Ocho go outside Ocho look through a peephole with both eyes. He ain't got clothes. Everybody else got a close one eye. Nah, Ocho look through a P. We'll see Ocho. You see Ocho, Ocho. You, I'm just saying you should Be pro. Think about it Ocho. We will, you haven't played football in over a decade and you've been able to keep your weight down. That's a positive. A lot of wide receiver positive. A lot of wide receivers look like offensive defensive lineman. No, listen, I was always small. I'm just trying to prove a point to you. Thank you. On how Yeah. And I'm trying to prove a point to show you I can get big as hell in a short amount of time.


You, it's like a switch. When I wanna, when I wanna hit that switch, I can hit that switch. O Joe, you only gonna get, so You'll, you, Hey, you, you will see August. Okay, 22nd. Okay. You'll see. Alright. I could get I, man look here, all I gotta do is eat. If I eat and live, oh, I'll be two. I'll be two 80. What you think I'm doing? I'm eating three, three meals a day. Got my protein shakes. Ain't that it? Yeah. Don't worry about it. Ocho. I mean, I eat, I mean, four times I'm eaten four times. Four times. I, I don't, I don't eat four. I don't, I try to get, I try to get five, but I just can't eat. See the thing, it's hard for me to really whole weight once I start working out.


Right. Because once I get done workout, all I wanna do is just lay down. I don't want to eat. So I lose, I can lose, I lose weight. Like I'm show you. Hmm. Lemme show you. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get you on my regimen. Oh, Joe, I used to drop in practice in the, during two a days. Yeah. I dropped 10 pounds at practice. Hmm. I listen, if I don't touch no weights, I, I, I just, I just shrink So I can touch the weight. I just can't be lifting no heavy ish. Right. Because I start lifting that heavy ish my body like Yeah. Where you've been all my life. And next thing, next thing you know, I'm 2 60, 2 65.


Right. Right. I didn't try to be there no more. Yeah. I got, I Did what I do no more. What, what was that 1 32? I just did the 132 pound dumbbells the other day. 1 32. Yeah, Dude, I did, I did the hundreds. I dumbbell bench. I dumb dumbbell bench. The hunters today, The seventh. I tell you what, we gonna go work out. We gonna let George, we gonna record, we gonna go to workout in. We What you Do? You wanna, nah, now I talking. What do you wanna work out? Talking. You wanna do chest back or shoulders? Chest, chest, arm. Shoulder. We hit it. We hit every goddamn part. I don't, I don't care. It don't Matter. Yeah. I can see Already and I bet I'm, and I bet I I bet I'm just as strong as you too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, yeah. Okay.


I don't do curls. I ain't say nothing about no curls Because I know you wanna go into curl. You wanna do all the, you wanna do them? Nah, I, I wanna do that. I wanna do, I love that Mercy. I wanna do that. I'm just as strong as you. You think so, Ocho? I know. So especially in certain movements. Certain movements where I'm Comfortable. What o what movement For one, I'm stronger than you. Benching. Squatting. Oh. Let me think what else. Anything where I have to push and pull. I guarantee you I got you all that size.


Don't mean nothing. That don't mean nothing. Ocho. That's as strong as you Ocho Hold on. I'm trying to think. What year was it? It might've been 96 or 97. They surveyed. I was the second pound for pound. I was the second strongest player in the NFL. That's back then. That's back then. Ocho, I've, I've been strong Ocho Well I've been strong too. I just didn't have the muscle. Wait a minute, you don't understand when I was with the Bengals, right? Yeah. I worked out with the offensive lineman. You. Oh, I worked out with the what Chip your strength got What strip your chip. What? Chip and Friday? Yeah. Chip, chip and Ray. Yes.


Chip Morton. Add chip. Add chip. I squatted six 50. They be, they be, Hey listen, they be getting, they be getting hyped about Nick Chubb doing all the, you know, squatting, all this heavyweight. I would do that. You can't even squat three 50, let alone six 50. Woo. I Hey Unc, I just look like this man. I know Ocho Man. You do real OCHO as Chip. When I got to Baltimore, I worked out by myself 'cause I ain't really know. I ain't really know them like that. And I ain't really trust them like that. I took four, five down by myself. Did it six times and put it back on the, on the rack. Ask Chip. But we play with 4 0 5 where I'm from.


Man. What you talking about Ocho? You can, I don't know if you can do 2 25. We play with 4 0 5 where I'm from. Okay. You know what I tell you what I'm, do you know what? I'm finna start. I'm finna start lifting serious just so I can show you when I see your accent and laugh. I this what he gonna make me doing because I ain't wanna lift no heavyweight. 'cause I already know I gotta fit my clothes. I just got a new selection of suits. Shelly gonna be mad because you were like, you can't fit in anything. Right. Ridiculous. But you brought this on yourself. This man gonna talk about he could out lift me. You'll see. And make sure we got somebody that to record it too. You gonna learn. It's one thing. It is one thing I'm good at that's competing.


Man. Bad ocho bad. Look at Ocho. I understand Ocho. I know you. Everybody that think about it, everybody that's small wants to be big. I'm for one. I'm not small. You thin. I'm not thin. I'm of size. I mean, I mean that. Look, you perfect. For real. Hey, I'm everybody with a cup of tea. She just be happen to be the one drinking. How tall? How tall? How tall? Re 5, 5, 5, 5, 5. Six. Five five. Yep. 5, 5, 5, 6.


See that perfect for you? I'm six. I mean you ocho like I said, you once said you, I mean really? You like a, you like a middleweight. You a super middleweight. Nah, I'm super heavy. Nah. Yeah, but you don't understand. I'm like Roy Jones. I go heavyweights, knock them mat I go lightweights knock them mat. You know, it don't matter. I, my, my weight fluctuate depending on what I feel like doing. What We upload. You doing the chest tomorrow. You uploading chess tomorrow? Coach, I, I, I mean I don't really, I don't really do chess no more because I don't want to get big, I don't want to get big like that.


When I handle iron, I get big. If you notice I be trying to do the machines freeway make. Huh? I sound like I, I didn't hear excuses. No freeway put weight on me. Man. I'm ocho I I don't need to be bitching for 50 dash 500 pounds at 56. It's one time. It's one day. It's one time proving me that you stronger than me. And, we do it in the gym. This is what I do. Oh, Lord. That it sound like you keep making excuses. That's all I hear. When somebody call me out, I show up, I'm gonna show up Ocho. I ain't gonna do it, but three 15 because I know you can't do three 15, That's fine. And I'm gonna do three 15. You ain't saying that. That's water weight, man. We play with that where I'm from, man.


Three 15, stop playing man. You talk about oh 3 15, 3 15, man. Three 15. Yeah, man. Three 15, man, that's, that's finger pool. What you talking about? Three 15 Ojo. Man, look. That's what I do. Huh? Man, I'm Tell you, I don't lift like that. Ojo. I ain't try, I ain't trying to get big. That's, I'm trying fit my clothes. That's, that's all right. I'm trying to fit my clothes. I'm trying to look good in my suits. Y'all got, y'all know how to put them suits on. They be laying down. That's how they supposed to be. Ocho trying to get me busting out my suits. Hey. Yeah. Listen, it ain't, ain't, ain't nothing to add.


A little bit more fabric. Ain't nothing to add. A little bit more fabric to your suit if you got a good tailor. No, no, no. If you don't have a good tailor, I got a tailor for you. Oh, No, no, no. Ocho You do realize that once you get a suit ain't not what? What you adding? I Mean, you said it's not gonna fit. No, if it's not gonna fit, I got somebody could add. I Look good measurements. I all took good measurements And I can have somebody that is very good, that can add more fabric so it can fit if you get a little bigger No problem. Problem Solved. That's not the way. That's not the way tailoring works With my tailors. It does. Now your tails might not be as advanced as mine, but if you get a little too big for your suit, we could add, we could patch you up real quick.


Yeah. I'll be out there looking like grandma's comforter. Wish you done. Add all them patches and smashes. Oh. Oh yeah Guys, thank you. Thank you for joining for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite song. See Y'all tomorrow, Baby Wednesday. Please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast. Thank you. Every subscriber counts. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the Route runner extraordinaire. The bingo R. Great. The ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the all pro Liberty City zone. Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Please make sure you follow my media company on all this page platform, Shesha Media and my clothing company. The link to Nightcap Merchant has been pinned at the top of the chat. Discount applies on everything. Thank you guys for watching us again. We'll be back Wednesday night. I'm Shannon, he's Ocho. We're out. I love y'all. The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, you Wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.