
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Don't miss Real Life Home Eagles. Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez and their new podcast Do Amigos where they have candid conversations with special guests about anything and everything. Join them in Wilmer speakeasy for genuine moments, laughter, and a toast to good times. Remember hearing this commercial of, are you between the in one of 14 and 16, 16 years old? Do you think you got it Takes to be a TV personality and commercials? And, you know, Saturday morning shows. Listen to those on Eagles, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to dish edition. The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop be. You can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Check this out at OCHO during the Mavs karaoke cam. During a time out of fan mouth Fire, Nico, they quickly booted him from the arena. This was the first time a fans had been shown on video since the trade fans booed as the guy was ex escorted out of the out of the arena. Is that the right way to handle this? Oh man, listen. No, I, I I think, no, wait, wait. Is it the right way to handle it for who the fan or them booting out beat Him out? Is that the right way for the Maverick to handle it? Oh, abso absolutely not. Listen, fans come to a game, they should be able to express themselves based on decisions that have been made. You know, He didn't curse.


I think he had, he didn't yell profanity. He didn't, he didn't yellow syn it. It wasn't right, right. It wasn't like I, you know what I'm saying, Ocho it wasn't anything like no racial. Right. All he said was right. Yeah. Right. I shouldn't get you kicked outta the arena. I'm sorry. It shouldn't, it shouldn't, it shouldn't get you kicked out. But you there to enjoy a game. You, you're there, you're there to enjoy a game. You're there to Nico to have fun. I keep saying, I keep saying Colin Nico Harrison. I'm sorry. Chad. Nico Harrison. Yeah. Yeah. And I think, listen, there, there's a no tolerance policy. I think fans need to under understand and respect not only the players, but but other, other authority as well. You know, go there if you, if you, if you're not pleased with them, we understand your displeasure with certain individuals based on decisions that they made.


You just, there's certain things you can't do. It's like, you know, when you get pulled over by the cop and just because you know the law, you want to challenge authority or you want to curse or you want to pull, you know, you, you, you know, you're tough. But Yeah, listen, you upset. Yeah. You upset with what happened and what, and you know, Luca, Luca leaving, go to the game, enjoy it. You see him. Give him a, give him a little quick boo. You know, Boo, Go about your business. Enjoy the game. But I think when you, when you handle it this way, now you invite more people to be this one at home. Oh yeah. All I said was Nico Harrison, I don't think that's an offense that should get me thrown out of a game.


If I'm really, if I'm yelling vicinities, if I'm yelling racial stuff, if it's profane, I Get it. But that's all he said was FIRE NICO Harrison. That's not a Yeah, that's not an ejection offense. Now they have, they taken it, they've had to add extra security to this man to and from watching his home because of the threats. Right. That's too far. He that's taking it too far. I get it. You are upset, but the, the, to put threats on the man's life and his family's life. Right. That's going too far. So, right. I get, I, I get the precaution that the mavericks are taken, but I I i, I can't get down with that because all he said was Fire Nico Harrison and the man that he just talks from the arena.


I don't, I don't listen what You, you know what, what crack in your window. It always starts small. Yeah. If you don't fix it, if you don't set a precedent early, that crack, it gets bigger and bigger over time. So now you talking about, he just said Fire Nico, and that's all he said, you know, that small crack will continue to get bigger and bigger 'cause other people are gonna see that. Right. So what they're doing is they jumping the gun, you know, we need to get on top of this now before this small crack eventually turns a little bit bigger and it gets outta control. Well, hey, once you, you go there, like, look, we ask guys, we ask everybody to be respectful, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. And once he read, yeah, once he yelled it, the first, you know, mild it the first time just paying off it.


You remember how they used to show. But every time when Streakers would run on the field, a guy women would lift their shirt on and they would just stay on it. Now they just, hey, they just cut away. We not gonna give you no TV time. We not gonna let you have your little five seconds, your 15 seconds of pain. We just gonna move on. I think for me, right, I, I, I think that would've been the proper way to handle it. But hey, the Mavericks did what they did. I don't agree with it. As a matter of fact, they just ejected a, a, a a a team Morant John's dead outta the game because he said something to an official. I guess I, I I I, I could be wrong, and I think I'm paraphrasing, I think said y'all on the take or something like that, you have to be careful. You know, when you say stuff like that to officials, that's a very, very touchy subject, especially when gambling involved.


But this, this is not even close for me. Chad. Let know what you guys think is a, an objectionable offense. Kevin Durant is deal with the Phoenix Sons and ready to get back on the court after last week's event for trade deadline full of speculation. It's just part of the business. Everybody's bought and sold in this league. Anybody can up for option. So I understand it is just about getting back on the court and trying to go out there and play the game that I love. It's part of the business though. We've all got to understand that. The sons ended up having a relatively quiet trade deadline, dealing only disgruntled center, usp, IC to the Hornets, but keeping the rest of the core intact.


The team's big three dur, red Book and Bradley Bill is still together and the franchise tries to gain traction in the standing ojo. You agree, disagree. Like what Katie said. I I like what Katie said. Obviously he feels that every, everyone, everyone is expendable at this point. And I think, I don't think Katie would've said anything like that if he hadn't seen the deal that happened with, with with Luca. I don't, I he would, he wouldn't have uttered those type of words. But now seeing that they were able to get rid of Blue good despite how good he was. I think that's why he said what he said anytime, anytime Katie was on the move, it's because he wanted it. Correct. It's because he wanted it. You know, he said, you know, he was displeased with the issue or with the, with the, with the turmoil and chaos that was going on around him.


You know what? I wanna make a move, even gonna move. Was it whether it was the Warriors, whether it was God damnit, whether It Brooklyn, he free, he was a ok COO. So he's like, you know, I, I don't, I I wanna move on. Well, within his right, well within his right. The Warriors you mentioned he was there. Yeah. He wasn't happy. A part of that. Kirk Clinton, for me, a part of it, the Warriors was New Edition, Johnny, Bobby, Ricky, and Mike. Right. They were the original Johnny Gill. Could I sing 'em all? Yeah. But he didn't grow up in Roxbury, Boston. Right. So he was never going to be accepted. Like those like Trey.


Right. Clay and Steph, excuse me, Steph Clay and Dre and Draymond. Right, right. We know what KD is. A seven foot walking bucket. Yes sir. Sir. Big range can get to the shoot. The three you follow, 90% of his shot can play with his back to the basket, can put the ball on the floor. Play off the ball. We've never seen a guy seven foot tall head on the ball and be able to do what he does. Right. But he is like, you know what, I, I, I'm gone. He goes, he goes to Brooklyn and sees like, man, I'm gone. So once you leave, it's easier for you to do it again. It's just like ocho Right? It's just like somebody getting divorced. A lot of times when people get divorced, you see a person with multiple divorces because once you leave the relationship, it gets a lot easier to leave the next relationship.


You know, and that's another thing. Now I'm gonna take it to sports. Once you see someone get knocked out the first time, you know how much easier it is to get knocked out again. Yes. After that First place. Yes. So subconsciously it's already there. Absolutely. It can Happen a lot faster. So, so KD just wants to play basketball. That's what he is. He is a professional basketball player. He works on his craft extremely hard. You don't get this, you don't play As long as he is played, be as good as he is without working on his craft, all that other stuff. He let Rich Kliman do what he does, had his business stuff. KD just wants to focus on basketball on the court. And so he understands the business of the game.


Just like he was a business, he was a free agent. He went to Golden State, he became a fringe. And again, he went to Brooklyn. He's like, you know what the situation is getting outta hand. I don't think we can win here. I wanna go somewhere else. But he handled it in such a way, he didn't make a whole lot of noise. He didn't call, you know? Right. Missed practice or be laid or stomp outta shoot around sh or shoot around. He, his representative say, look, I would like to be moved. Get what you can for me. And, and this, you know, this, they did him a solid, he wanted to go to Phoenix. They put him in Phoenix. But see, that's because of the, the person, the man, the player that is, he's been very respectful how he handled it. They accommodated him a lot of times.


Like where you want to go? Okay, I'm gonna send you to the opposite place. Yeah. You wanna go to heaven? Hell it is. Yeah. Bucks General manager. John CE said, trading franchise Cornerstone. Chris Middleton, after 12 Seasons in Milwaukee was the hardest transaction he's made. Oh, don't, don't start then, but did. So to maximize the window for a championship, it's still the awesome responsibility to try to take this franchise and maximizing the window that we have now as best we can. What we think gives us the best chance to win and figure out how to continue winning going forward.


There's a very narrow set of opportunities that we felt that we could do that. And this is one of them. Milwaukee trade in Middleton and, and rookie guard AJ Johnson and a pick swap to Washington in exchange for Kyle Uzma, Patrick Baldwin Jr. And a second round pick before last week's trade deadline, the Bucks also acquired center. Jericho Sims for the New York Knicks as part of the deal. Ocho the executive said it was the hardest decision, one of the hardest decisions he's had to make. I heard that, I heard that before too. Huh? Did we hear that from someone who's, who's, who sits, who sits at that one of the higher seats for the Giants, Joe Sean Quavo was one of the hardest things for him to do, but they still did it.


Yeah. I'm not sure. In that case it was for the betterment of the team. Do you think this situation and letting Chris Middleton go was from the betterment of the team in the future and giving them their best chance at a trophy or competing for one? I I, I think the injury that Middleton has had Chris Middleton injury, they didn't think that it, it comes down to ocho. Do I believe that I can counter you long-term moving forward. And so I'll make a decision when somebody tells you that, you know, your parents will tell you, this is gonna hurt. I got, I'm Finn I am gonna tear your ass up, but it's gonna hurt me more than hurt. Don't hurt me more than hurt you If you, I don't want you to be hurt and I damn sure don't want me to be hurt.


What kind of bull drive is that? Hey boy, my grandma Used to get, catch me with that boy in junior high, you know, in my early days in high school And get in trouble. Well, this gonna hurt me more than hurt you. Well, I don't want you to hurt then Why, why you doing it? Yeah, don't hurt. I don't want you hurt. I definitely don't want to hurt it, man. Y'all miss me with that fool. And that's what, oh, you know, this, this hurts me to man. Stop now. You know, I, I honestly, if it was a situation where, and that's what, if you go back and look at it, that's what made Coach Belichick so good. And that's what really irked him.


And co that's what irked Tom because Coach Belichick realized, I'm gonna have to make a very tough decision one day. The closer I get to a player, the harder it is for me to do my job. This is why Yeah. In the military, they, I don't know if they still have it, but higher ups messing with Lord subordinates because they cloud the judgment. 'cause now I don't wanna put you in harm's way because I feel some type of way about you. Yes, sir. So that's why they don't like, they, they, you know, if you are a higher up, you can't mess with a subordinate because you are in a position of authority and you are over that person. And so when you gotta send somebody out to go do battle, you gotta send them out to battle.


Well, if that's your little Ang or that's your Woo, now you going step back ain't out. You thinking with me, what you going, lemme get, lemme get, lemme get you a little desk job. I don't want you to go out there and get hurt. You stay right over here with me. Right over here. That ain't how it works. And so when you dealing with, and so that's why you have to keep a motion out of it. That's why you can't, can't get too close because the closer you are to an individual, the harder it is is it is for you to park with said individual. Right. And So, you know, and maybe, maybe, maybe it is. I mean, hey, I, I don't, I don't know. I've never been in a situation where I had to make a deci a very, very tough decision where you've been with someone for an extended period of time and you won together.


You've accomplished so much together. Right. Excuse me. And it comes to a point in time where you have to let that individual go. I'm sure that's not an easy thing to do, but, but like you said, at the end of the day, Ocho, no matter what I think of an in individual, I still have an obligation to the owner that pays my salary to the fan base. Right. To be, to put the best product on the floor in order to Win a championship. Okay. Okay. I I, I understand it. I don't know if that's the best product on the floor to achieve the end goal, but so be it.


Don't miss Real Life Amigos. Wilmer Valderrama and Freddy Rodriguez in their new podcast, do Amigos. Each episode is a party where the good friends get real with each other about life, careers and everything about everything. And you're right there with them. When I discovered acting it, it, I've just found my calling. But a lot of that was just because I wasn't, I wasn't good at anything else. You know, Join the two amigos straight from Wilmer speakeasy for toast at good times. Don't be surprised if some special guests and good friends drop in and always expect lively candid discussions. Plenty of genuine moments and lots of laughter. Remember hearing this commercial, are you between the ages of 16? What's that? Oh man. Are you between the age of 14 and 16, 16 years old? Do you think you got it takes to what it takes to to be a TV personality and commercials and, you know, morning Saturday morning shows. Listen to those amigos as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me.


I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful World that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I really Just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


OO. The Lakers lose big in Utah after dismantling Utah just a few days ago. They lose by 12, 1 31 1 19 snapping the six game win streak. They head into the All star break, 32 and 20. Alex the Lakers side, Alex Lin, seven foot tall, 250 pounds of ness. But the big oh my bad. Damn that. No, that wasn't what was in there. I just read that just came to me. The Lakers needed what size and fill, which he did not provide. After the knick trade with Mark Williams and the Charlotte Hornets, they waved Christian Woods to create an open roster spot. He missed a season after recovering from offseason surgery.


But tonight was a tough first start for Alex land who did not do a whole lot. Got some good cardio in other than that, yeah, 22 minutes. 2 0 5, 2 offensive res. So he had seven rebounds to assist one block and three personal files. Not much. Not much. Not much. He probably just met the team yesterday. The Lakers had no interior presence with help on the court. Loud, the Utah Jazz to shoot 52% from the floor. Laurie marketed was 11 of 18, six of 10 from the 3 4 4 from the free throw line. 32 points plus 35 Walker Kessler plus 23. He had 16 points. Jordan Clarkson had 23 points.


He was plus 33 tonight. Just wasn't in ocho. And we knew a problem because of his ability to defend. And right now they don't really have guys, you look at the guys, they don't have defensive guys. I don't know why they only allowed unless Jackson Hayes got hurt. I don't know why he only played seven minutes, but he left the ball game and didn't come back in. He was two or two from the field. Seven points, no, excuse me, seven minutes with four points. But they can't defend no cho. Officer Reeve struggle shooting three tonight. So did Luca. But Luca's gonna take a while. He's been out almost eight, seven weeks Since December. Yeah, yeah, since Christmas. So it's gonna take him a while to get his rhythm back.


But they didn't, they didn't defend. And when you don't defend and you don't shoot the ball, well you end up going down by 24, 26 points. You end up losing by 12. But the game really wasn't close. Don't let the final score fool you. The game was not this close. Right. Alright. But but listen, the, the Lakers as opposed to the last game as opposed to the last game, the Lakers came out flat. They came out flat, they played very uninspired. Obviously Jackson Hayes only getting seven minutes. Having what? Maybe four, four points. What was it? Four, six points? Yeah, he had four points. Something like seven minutes. Ever, ever since he ever, ever since he was outta the game. I think he's the only defending president that could really be inside the paint and be able to defend to some extent af after that it was just a goddamn lay line basically for, for the Utah Lay up and dunks.


How many, how many l how many lves did you see? How many they throwing l from outta bounds? Well it it, it was live city. It was live city. Now also, one of the things you have to notice about this game too, when the jazz played the Lakers, the first time they turned the ball over, I think maybe 18, 19 plus times this game, they were able to protect the ball a little bit more. They didn't have as many turnovers. And obviously with the Lakers coming out as flat as they did and the jazz being efficient as they were from the line. I, I forgot. I think Co Coyier had 20, what is it? How do you say? Or marketing. Yeah, marketing. A young bull. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Young Bull. Young bull. Young bull. Yeah.


He borrow Personal. He could score. He can rebound. He can facilitate. Yeah. He, I mean he is been an all star. He's been an all star. We know Jordan Clarks can he, he it up with the best of them. John Collin did a nice game tonight. 17 points, eight rebounds and says two blocks. But yeah, you could tell early on no show the way the Lakers came out, they came out really with no enthusiasm. They didn't defend, they didn't attack the basket. They look at the free throws. I mean they're called free throws. 13, youre 17 to 30. Yeah. I mean listen, you, Luca is gonna take Luca a little minute to keep going. Yeah. To be get of rhythm back also re you gonna have games like this, you're gonna have games.


Yeah. Because it's hard to be on every single night. It's hard to be on every single night. And tonight just happened to be one of those. Yeah, he had played, well he had, Reeves had really played well say the last eight to 10 ball games. He been really well, had a, a career high 45 points. And when Luca and LeBron were both outta the game played well the other night when, when Luca first got there. So yeah, he had a down night tonight. He didn't shoot the ball. He ended up with 15 or 11 assists. Did a great job of facilitating, only had one turnover. So you can live with that. But he didn't shoot the ball well. He was one to 10 from the, from the three point line. Jackson Hayes left with a facial contusion. So that's probably why you got a land playing probably more minutes than you really wanted to play.


Right. Col Loco also got nine minutes, but they just don't have bigs they don't have bodies to really throw at people. Right. And the guys that they throw out there, that's all they're doing. They're throwing out there. Jackson Hayes is really a guy. You don't re I mean none of their bigs you run offense for ocho, they run LOBs. Right. Get it off. Hey you on points, get it off the rim offensive rebound and put it back in. That's how you gonna get your points. 'cause we're not running anything for you Right now. Obviously. I think if Jackson Hayes is there, he's some type of defensive presence. Yeah. Obviously with his length he's tall and the lady just couldn't seem to keep up with the pace that the jazz had. The whole Well they got, they, they, you know what they they they end up taking the lead.


'cause the jazz had a little score, a scoring drought. And that's what happened, you know? Right. It's a game of runs. The Lakers got their run and then all of a sudden they like, they, they relaxed. Wouldn't play any defense and lay up, lay up dunk. Lay up 3, 3, 3, 3, 3. The next thing you know, the game is blown wide. They, but they're gonna have to do a better job. JJs gonna have to find a combination. Look, he's trying to, he's searching right now. The three guys that you know gonna start is probably Reeve Luca and LeBron. We'll see Mix and match with Jackson Hayes. Probably Ru's gonna be that the, the other guy that starts, but Vanderbilt's ooh, rough on him tonight. Barney got in at mop up time, got him a nine quick points.


Hit two threes, one or two from the free throw line. Nice little floater like look, little floater, little floater pain. Yeah. He look, he looked good. Yeah, he looked very comfortable, looked very comfortable, very poor, very confident. Especially in the shots like Yeah. But that's hard for me to believe that Dwight Howard wouldn't be better than, than than Alex ly. It's hard for me to believe that. I ain't saying he gonna be, hold on, we don't need Dwight. See, people keep about, well you keep talking about Dwight, you don't need Dwight Howard to be Orlando Magic Dwight Howard. He can't. Right. Nor should you expect that from him. But what they got, So you can tell me Dwight Howard and can't be better than the colloquial really? He can't be better than Alex Lin. That's all we're asking to be better than that.


Not be all NBA, not be defensive player of the year, not be that. Right. Just be better than that. Right. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I see. I see what you're saying. Okay, I have a question for you then. So how long, obviously you have the All Star break coming right now. How long has Lakers figured out? How long has the JJ figures out what p he need to be able to contend? Yeah. Well you're not contending this, this team, this, this roster is not built to contend. It all depends on who you get in the first round. Matchup you, Mike can steal you. Mike can steal. I mean Luke and LeBron Mike can steal it. But that's as far as you're going. You're not beating any team to have, you're not, you're not gonna be OKC not, not with this. You're definitely not you and, and you what, what you gonna do with Yolk?


Now Jamal Murray went crazy tonight. He had 55 Yolk has had a quiet night. Yeah. He said, Jamal, I've been carrying, you know, I've been doing what I do. Hey, you go ahead. He dropped 55 and everybody knows Ja Jamar me can get hibachi hot and he got that tonight. But no, they're not, they're not, they're not, they're not really, you know, doing anything. Not with this roster. Now, like I said, LeBron and Luca could probably get hot and can steal, use a, a, a a series. But after that, that's where the buck stops. They're not, they're not good enough to really do anything. They don't defend at a high enough level. Now they can control the clock. They control the, the pace of the game. Both of these guys with the ball in their hands can control it.


But I just don't, I just don't see enough on the, on the defensive end. 'cause at the end of the day, it still comes down to defense win championships and they don't have nearly enough. So we going to the Frank Corner loss, but they had won six straight. So they won last six or seven and 1 31 to one 19. They have to be pleased. They're 32 and 20 a lot better than what they were last at the All-Star game. We'll see what they do. Lucas gets some time off. LeBron is the only one going to the Allstar game. So it'd be interesting to see what the guys do with their time going into the break. But I ain't like what I saw tonight.


I ain't gonna even lie to you. I ain't gonna even hold you on that Ocho I didn't like what I saw tonight. And listen, it, it's, it's so funny how the game of basketball works. Listen, you play, you played two, three nights ago. However, how, however many nights it was, you come back and playing the exact same team, exact same personnel and you come out completely flat, you look completely different. You did turnover. They did turn, when they turn over, turn over and they didn't get back, nobody got back. They loafing like, ah babe, I ain't getting no foul. And they, they moping and you know, I wish LeBron would stop doing that. 'cause sometimes, you know, he turns the ball over. He doesn't get a call that he thought he should have got. Right bro. Get back and he don't, he lagging back and then they bust a Three.


Yeah, well you, you gotta understand now. He, he's a little older in age now, you know, having, having a shoot back down that court every time a ball is, Nah, I ain't say I ain't. Hey, all I'm saying is don't walk. I, I ain't, I ain't say you gotta be Speedy Gonzalez, but just don't walk. Just don't walk. Gimme a little, gimme a little bit more effort because the guys are looking, you can't miss a shot. Right. Get mad. They didn't call a foul mo down and then Right. Shrug your shoulders. Like what, what happened? A lot of teams score. Yeah, I got you. Brandon Ingram declined $160 million with the Pelicans only to accept $120 million with the Raptors.


But listen, I have a question. Yeah. Huh? I don't In what world? Chad, y'all stay with me real quick now. I don't know in what world where it's that bad where you leave $40 million on the table and choose to go somewhere else. You ain't nobody finna see and tell me, listen, I just, I just left New Orleans for a week. 6, 6, 7 days straight. You ain't finna tell me based on what I saw in that wonderful city culture, the people, the food, the architecture, the history. You ain't playing basketball that You don't, that you don't want to be there. You ain't playing basketball. Well the devil is alive. You just saw Tyreek. You just saw Tyreek complain making 32 million in Miami with all that water, with all that nice weather with all the women down there.


He complaining. Now you wanna try again Now wait a minute. Now. Now listen that now that's apple to oranges. You talking about two different scenarios. You talking about a Tyreek Hill that just came off a season that was nothing like, like he felt it should have been. You had a quarterback that gotten hurt. He wasn't getting the ball like he felt he should. He was frustrated. Stay with me. He was frustrated about, for one not putting up the numbers. He, he should two not getting the ball the way he should. And three, he got in front of that camera before he cooled down. That's calling number rule number one. After the game, you make sure you go take a shower and calm down before you say anything. You shouldn't say before you get in front of that camera. Now you not Finn to tell me that New Orleans is that bad.


Even if you do play the game of basketball to the point where, you know what, I'm not coming. I'm not coming back here. I'm not signing here. I'm gonna leave 40 million on the table. I'm gonna go somewhere else and play not Going somewhere. If he went to Canada, he went to another country because he wanna win. You say frustration. Who wants to be there? You see Zion, you, you think Zion wanna be in New Orleans? It ain't if, I mean, I mean did an did hold on, did Anthony, did Anthony Davis wanna be in New Orleans? So I'm just trying to figure out, did the players that they've had that wanted to be there, you say you can't understand why because I wanna win. Hey, I can't win there.


Well listen, but you know what the onus that's, that's on management, management needs to make, make it a place some kind of way, some shape way. Film form or fashion where people want to come Ocho he need, he need to do what you need to do. Ocho. See It's great for you Ocho, if you a tourist, I'm trying to win. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. I ain't no goddamn tourist. I'm from New Orleans. You a tourist, you go down there for a couple of days, you get to eat the food. You get to get. But I'm saying these guys gotta live it. They wanna win. Yeah. That's not con And New Orleans is not conducive for winning. It's okay. It's not a knock on the city.


But who, but lemme ask you a question. What big time Fred decided with New Orleans? I Wait, you just take your time. Said we got time. We just getting started. Tell me the big time Fred decided with New Orleans. Okay. IIII understand what you're saying. I understand what you're saying, but you didn't hear what I said at first. The onus was on management, creating an environment where people want to come to, you know, there was a time where people didn't wanna come to the heat. They always wanted to go finish. Oh, first of all, first of all, oh whoa. How big The only thing you traded for Jimmy Butler. I mean you got Jimmy and LeBron once. LeBron once, but LeBron ended up being a trade. He did 'em a solid, they didn't get kd Right. They didn't get no big other free agents. So while you over there hopping public, talking about coming to Miami, where when, who Let, let me finish.


Lemme finish. There was a time where nobody wanted to come to Cincinnati. You know that they still have a problem. Stop playing. Yeah. Big time prayer that y'all got All of 'em want. I said they want to come. The timely has been right for Them. Joe, you say they want to come. Who? And I'm not an, I don't sit on no tree. I can't turn their head all the way around. But who? Listen to them. Listen to me. The big, the big free agents that, that have been, that, that have been available. You, you listen to me. That's where they wanted to go. They just didn't say anything publicly. And they didn't, why did they go out their favor? I just told you it didn't work out your favor. Why money? So you, so in other words, they want to go to Cincinnati knowing they're not gonna get paid.


Knowing Mike Bryant has been cheap, knowing the bingos have been cheap. The entire, the entire existence. Really? Well I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm just telling you now listen. Who, who, who's the, who's the owner? Who's the owner in New Orleans? Huh? Who's the owner? Ms. Gail Benson. PE Mr. Benon. Gail. Ms. Gail Benson. The husband died. Miss New Orleans Saints? Yes. Oh that man. That's the girl. You for real? Man. Man, I gotta, no, I gotta talk to Ms. Benson. I gotta talk to Ms. Benson. 'cause listen, what I saw in New Orleans, there's no reason why two things can't coexist. The s having a winning, a winning mentality. And it all starts at the top to go along with the goddamn city that is winning itself.


I know what the hell I saw the past week. I was out there. I told you I'm from the seventh Ward. I'm from uptown now. I'm from uptown. Matter of fact, you wanna go with me in in March For what? Uptown Uptown Super Sunday? No. Lemme ask you a question. Ocho, how many big times Fred you signed with the house? The Atlanta. You was in Atlanta. Oh nice. Oh, hey, that's a place to be. Ain't that big time for basketball. Free had to sign there. How many big, Hey, they don't have a hey, they don't, they don't have a winning environment. Huh? They have a winning city though. The aesthetics are very pleasing outside of the arena. I could tell you that. I don't go there often.


I'm just telling you what somebody told me. I ain't telling you what I know. I'm telling you what I heard. Atlanta's a beautiful place. Huh? The man. So it's, so is Houston. What is Houston? What do you consider? Houston? Yeah, I Like Houston. Okay. I know you like Houston. I'm talking about the, the environment. They're, They're young. They're up and coming. I love what I may is doing with that team. The Sung Goon was an all star. I like, I like Jalen Green. I mean the guy is 20, what, 22 years of age. Balling out be nice. They got a, they Thompson, they got a nice young squad. They got a nice young squad.


Probably need one more. A veteran, you know, van Flea? I like Van Flea. I like Brooks. They get after you. They play hard night in and night out. They had a little rough patch where they lost about five, six games in a row. But you can deal with that. I I, I think they're gonna be just like the, the Texans. The Texans are gonna be a place that you got a quarterback. You got Nico Collins, you got Dko Ryan, who has a great defense. You see, they got Danell Hunter, they got Will Anderson Jr. They got Stingley Jr. They got some nice Pieces. They got some nice pieces. There are a few players away. They were able to, little Laramie tonsil. The problem that they had is that Bill O'Brien ruined it when he traded a damn running back for a, a All-Pro wide receiver.


Where the hell they do that at? Right. I never understood that. And then they had, you had the situation with Dessan. You had a situation with Dessan and we don't need to get into it, right? But we know what happened and that kind of set back for a year or two. But they were able to get cj, CJ looked, CJ looks to be what he supposed to be handle a down year this year. Yeah. But I expect them to bounce back and play better next year. We'll see what they do. They lost a lot of their receiver tank. Dale got injured. Stefan digs got injured. But I love the edition of Joe Mixon. There are a couple of pieces away. They're gonna be right back. They're gonna be right back in the mix.


But I think that's the thing. Listen, Brandon Ingram did not make this decision. Didn't take this decision lightly. It wasn't No. Oh, oh man. Okay, fine. He had been sitting there for an extended period of time and he realized it. He said, first of all, the guy that y'all wanna build this thing around, he can't stay healthy. Now, for the most part, Brandon Ingram hadn't stayed healthy either. So let's be all the way with that. So he, I mean, hey, I understand he looking at Zion and Zion can't stay healthy, but Brandon Ingram missed a lot of time also. And, and, and, and Pelican fans. Y'all know that. So it was like, man, let me go ahead and bounce you like I go to a a, a team, you know, they got Scotty Barnes.


I like Scotty. They got that. I mean, look, I hate calling the man lamb thing, but 40. How you leave 40 men on the table. Oh, come on now. What are we doing? Look, The basic mistake that I made a lot of times is that I put myself in that situation. You can't put yourself in that situation. You wouldn't have, but, oh, money can't buy happiness. The man ain't happy. Listen, money can't buy you happiness. But you know what? Money can buy you. It can buy you time. Well, he had all he It can, it can buy you time. It father had all the time he would've spent in there.


Boy, Hey, look at, look at what you call it. Look at what's the guy name. Look at Melinda Gates. Bill Gates worth 200 billion, 200 billion. She said, I'm gone. Yeah. Bagels what? I'm gone. But you said money. Can I happiness. I don't like the fact that you, I'm just saying listen, the fact that we have billionaires in this world, the fact that we have billionaires in this world, and one of the things with little girls growing up, they're taught, you got to find someone that's able to provide and, and provide you with stability. If Bill Gates and a few other billionaires that I named not too long ago on one of the shows, have not been able to keep a woman happy long term.


They just, they just have at the end of The day, ocho What chance, what what chance do us normal folks have? Man, you gotta be happy Ocho you make it seem like it's all of the women or men get divorced too. Men leave relationships. I ain't never seen. No, I ain't not. What? Don't, don't do that. When the last time you seen a a, a man initiated divorce. Oh, I ain't seen, I ain't seen it in a very long time. More time, More times than not, it is the woman initiating. But it iss the woman that's also getting fed up with something. Yeah. So it's not something that she tell she women don't haphazardly do things. Women are very methodical. They're very thoughtful. Very, they're not just rushing out.


They're not See a guy, see a guy. See a guy will leave a great woman for a fine thing. They know how women think. Mm. Women don't think like that. Women are very methodical. Women are very meticulous. When a woman, when a woman leaves a man and they've been in a relationship for, for an extended period of time. She's had it up to here. Hold on now. Now you notice I said here because when she had it up to here, she stayed when she get to here. Right. Also, what you need to understand too, uncle, you gotta think about this. When Oldman is sped up before she gets to here and she's right here.


All, all her checks, all her checks and ducks gotta be in the world. All her i's gotta be dotted and all her t's gotta be crossed before she gets to here so she can exit. The plan has to be played out completely. She can't leave until she knows exactly what plan is. Yeah. And they gonna execute itself because you can't leave and then be dead in the war. No. Which is why when you talk, when you talk, when we talk about billionaires and their wives and marriage and divorce, you notice they always take half with 'em, Right? Yeah. I mean a lot of times there's like, look, look, look here. I ain't taking half 'cause because neither one of them had prenups. So theoretically they could have got a big old chunk. They could have got more than what they got now. 40, 50 billion. Right? Right. They ain't nothing to laugh at.


Yeah. But I think the thing is, a lot of times and when, when women, women already see women will already told you what they're unhappy about and you know, fix it. Right. You know, we don't, we ain't listening and then like, man, I don't know what happened. Well, she kind of told you and she dropped bread crumbs. Not only did she tell you she dropped bread crumbs that made a loaf, but you didn't hear. Oh, over Time you made the loaf over time. Now yes.


Don't miss Real Life Amigos. Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez in their new podcast Do Amigos. Each episode is a party where the good friends get real with each other about life, careers and everything about everything. And you're right there with Them. When I discovered acting it, it, I've just found my calling. But a lot of that was just because I wasn't, I wasn't good at anything else. You know, join The two amigos straight from Wilmer speakeasy for Toast, toasted good times. Don't be surprised if some special guests and good friends drop in and always expect lively candid discussions. Plenty of genuine moments and lots of laughter. Remember hearing this commercial, are you between the ages of 16? What is it? Oh Man. Yeah. Are you Between the age 14 and 16 years old? You think you got it takes to what it takes to to be a TV personality and commercials and, you know, morning Saturday morning shows. Listen to those amigos as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and roundup of the weeks top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me.


I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on Shank. That glass ceiling. Welcome to the party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party. That's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Oh, Joe, you ain't got to deal first. No, first overall pick Markel fo is back in the NBA full has agreed to a contract with the Sacramento king. The 26-year-old guard had spent first half of the season without a deal following the ex expiration of his rookie contract extension in summer of 24. He could see early playing time as the squad tries to fill the boy part guard left by the Aaron Fox who is traded to the Spurs. Will Fos ever be able to show why he was the former? No, no, he's never that, that, that, that, that that that ship is sail. Is it here? Is it still here? What if what if, what if he is fixed now? I think that's a barrier.


He couldn't get paid. Hold On. Didn't they take him over Jason Tatum? They took him over Jason Tatum. He was like that. Huh? Never forget he was like that O Joe that shot He took him over. Jason Tatum is based on what he showed O Joe that shot. You don't normally take a guy with that, with a, with a shot that looked that that defective the, the the mechanics. Come on Ocho Right. You we can't. More times than not, ain't nobody listen. No matter how good he is, I don't believe a number one receiver is going going, number one, overall as a body catcher, you gotta be able to pluck the ball. You gotta be able to play a traffic, you gotta be able to transition. Right. So if you got that many flaws, number one overall, I mean, listen number, listen, shots can be fixed.


Lethal shooters right there down the street. He's not too far. You get with him in the off season if it, if it, if it's that big of a problem. Hell, Sean Marion, remember he shot, He went first. Overall though. See that's the thing though. If you take a guy like I'm, if you take a guy like 15, 16, you think about it, you take a guy number one, overall, he's supposed to be franchise changing. He's supposed to be LeBron shot. That's what he a team. A wi a Wilt Kareem Magic Johnson. That's what they're supposed to be a Dwight Howard franchise altering. Right. He wasn't that ai.


I have, I have a question based on what just the votes coming outta college. You didn't, you didn't think once he got we was going he gonna be Fran franchise changing based on the film that he put up in college? Well, I looked at him. I mean, he was like a hit, he a lot of hit or miss. But I I was just always leery of that shot. Right. It just concerned me. It did you think somebody would've took Sean Merriman number one overall? No, You don't. He would've had, Hey, hold, hold on, hold on. He would've ba he would've had to be extremely dominant in other, in other, he Was a he was an outstanding defender. Yeah. He turned himself into, with that shot, he turned himself into a decent shooter. Could make threes, but he could defend.


He could rebound that. I just, it is just hard. No, too much time is fast for him to, to live up to what he was, where he was selected. The slot that he was selected as No, he he's not living up to that now can he? Hopefully he can have a, a, a, a a serviceable career moving forward. Right? But so he was outta the league. Yeah. He was outta the league for first half of the season. What, what, what got, you know, that's outta the league for first half of a season, all of a sudden comes back and, and, and you're like, well, you know what, Hey, we sure made a mistake on him. Right. It doesn't happen like that. I mean, it's Right. Wait, listen, pop, he comes back and makes a difference.


He feels in that role in sack, that Darien, Darien Fox, dein, dein, fox leaves and he can come in and be efficient and be somewhat, if not what we thought he would be, be some cloak To it. Right. And, but here's the thing. You can have a quirky shot, Allah Ben Simmons, but normally you need to be 16. Ben Simmons was an all NBA defender. Right? He was, he was a, a a an all star. Six 10 could handle the ball. But you see eventually that caught up with him. Yeah. Because he became afraid to shoot the basketball.


You see, I can't teach you how to shoot if you are afraid. See, I can't teach you how to swim if you, if you are afraid of the water, you can't learn how to swim. You heard you, So you heard what you just said. Ben Simmons was scared to shoot Mark. He became scared to do also. What? So guess what? That He, he's scared to go to the basket because he didn't wanna get foul. Het want to get fired. This is a contact sport. It's offensive game. Well now, now I'm going, now I'm gonna send you to the future line. Oh. So we don't want Yeah. See Again. Guess, guess what that thought. Yeah. Mentally they already, they they already, they're already beat mentally before they even get to the game.


Yeah. So you can't even get the game freely because there's certain parts of your game you don't want to get Exposed. Yeah. I just, I I, I, I just, You already lose it before you even Play. I just thought Ben Simmons didn't work hard enough on his game. It's hard. 'cause I see guys, look at Officer Reeves. Officer Reeves has gotten better and better. An undrafted free agent has gotten better and better and better and better. It is hard for a guy to not to get, to not get incrementally better. If he or he doesn't work on something, you ought to get, have a question. I'm not saying you fitting to ta I'm not fitting to say the guy about to be Michael Jordan Kobe. But you can get better. Go back and look at Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons Didn get the better and nothing offensively, as a matter of fact number went down Also the two, comparing the two.


Austin Reeds has no choice but to get better. Austin Reeds had no choice but to improve. Austin Reeve is already behind the eight ball adrenal as a basketball player. Ben Simmons what? Six? What? 16. Ben Simmons six 10 put the ball on the floor. Shoot. He can't shoot that. Well he can defend. So there's a difference that Officer Reeds having to bust his ass to get to the point where he is at right now. Ah, See what you saying? You see what you saying? Yes. So Ben Simmons came, is the number one pick and felt that, you know what, I ain't gotta bust my ass. No, Exactly. Exactly. Which Is, which goes to my point. It's hard not to get incrementally better if you work at something. Right. If I can't, if I collect one can a year ocho in 50 years, I'm gonna have 50 cans as opposed to not collecting any.


I go two or three years and don't collect any. Guess what I'm gonna have nothing. Nothing. Yeah. And that's the thing you, it's hard for, there's no way six foot 10 can handle a ball can defend, he can defend like four or five positions. He can guard a, a smaller point guard. He can guard a two or three or four. When, when I look at Ben Simmons, I know Chad don't get on me like this, but I see Ben Simmons, he should have been Jason Tatum before Jason Tatum. He should have been LeBron. He should have, he should have been a bigger LeBron Magic Johnson. 'cause that's what he was, he's a point guard. He's a six foot 10 point guard And could Like crazy.


Yeah, that's what he should have been Like. Crazy. Yeah. And he could defend. Yeah. I mean that that, that's crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy. Some of the biggest busts of all time in NBA history. And we use that term when we say bus, obviously you get to the NBA, there's a success. But when you are the first overall pick, you're supposed to be franchise altering. Anthony Bennett, Ooh Lord have mercy for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Greg Oldin. Greg Oldin I think would've been successful had his knees not gave out on him. Yeah. The injuries. Right, right. Yeah. My homeboy from Savannah Pervis Ellison, his knees gave out on him. Markel spoke but he had a knee injury and a shoulder injury.


He tried to change his shot but it just didn't work. But I wish the young man the best of luck. He can't be no more than what? 26, 27 tops because he gotta be like the same age or 26. So he's still a hopefully young fella can get a couple of, get a couple of years stick, get an opportunity, get some playing time. 'cause I've seen him, I've seen him, you know, have good games. Just not consistent. Right. I mean him seeing him, I think I far one game he had a triple double had like 20 something. But Playing at the pro level, being a starter, it's all about consistency.


That's what it's about. Yeah. Because any guy don't give it any of those 450 players on a given night. Lemme take that back. Not not the top. Let's just say the top 75 players, we know what they can do, but the other two 50 can give you hell on a given night. The problem is they can't be consistent like the other 75 to top 75 can. That's what separates go. It's all about consistency. The restaurants that do the best, best, what are they? They consistent. The service. The quality of the food. Yeah, The hospitality, the consistency.


That's what it's all about. The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com we've done your homework.


The world is facing urgent, monumental issues and you may be considering a career where you can take your service to the next level and make a global impact in the heart of Washington dc Gain world renowned expert knowledge and a global network as you pursue a master's degree and turn your passion into practice. Thousands of the world's leaders got their start at the George Washington University's Elliot School of International Affairs are you next? GW is a proud Yellow Ribbon program participant.


Don't miss real life. AMI egos. Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez and their new podcast Do Amigos where they have candid conversations with special guests about anything and everything. Join them in Wilmer speakeasy for genuine moments, laughter, and a toast to good times. Remember hearing this commercial, are you between the eighties, one of those 14 and 16 years old? You think you got it takes to be a TV personality and commercials and you know, Saturday morning shows. Listen to those AMI Eagles on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.