
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America, and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and N ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Kin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


49 is motivated to get a D Purdy deal done sooner than later. Should the 40 49 ERs sign Purdy to a long-term deal ocho, or should they use the franchise tag on it? Well, listen, they're Not gonna franchise the quarterback. You're not Gonna upset him. He's already been playing on minimum wages. I hate saying it like that because it is a Yeah, Baltimore upset that they, they didn't care about upset Lamar. I mean, I I just said don't sure they upset him. No, They they made him though. But they franchise him me playing on the franchise tag. Oh, that was, yeah, that was a That's right. He sure did. Yeah. But you know, they, Hey, huh? You know, I know a lot of teams kicking themselves in the butt. Yeah. Hey, Atlanta Fs that 180 that you gave, what you call 'em, you come with another 40 million that gave that to Lamar Jackson.


Yeah. Now can you imagine Lamar Jackson in Atlanta? Atlanta? Oh my goodness. We'll never know. We'll never know. You won't, we'll never know Unless you playing. Ooh, That would've been the second coming of Michael B. Oh yeah. But that would've been the second. Oh, can you imagine him on that turf in that building? Man, that Man, that'd been so many eight. So a, there'd have been just as many eights jerseys as they were seven. Yeah. At the apex of Mike B. Yeah. That, that's, that's city. Listen, Lamar Jackson in Atlanta, they would, they would, they would've been cooking, boy, they would've been cooking that need to hear because he is a Raven, But, and he go Yeah. And he, and he, he's only gonna be a Raven.


He ain't be any, no. He gonna have a statue out front, just like Raven Lewis. He's gonna be the be greatest Raven in the NFL in, in Raven History. Yeah. And they've had some great ones. Oh yeah. You know, you got red, you got Den, and you got Reed. And you got Sugg. But Lamar Jackson is gonna go down to the greatest Raven ever. Yeah. But the thing, back, back to the perfect situation now, you know, good and Well, they franchising pur, you know that, that's, you Don't think so? Okay. You know, come, come now. Come on now. You know, they, they, they, I'm, I'm not trying to, I'm trying to, I'm trying to keep it cute here. You know, Goodwill, they not franchising Purdy, you know, they, they gonna, they gonna take care of, they, they gonna take care of it. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna just leave it at that.


They gonna take And they should, but the question is though, Joe, the, the question. Yeah. He's been to an NFC championship, been to two NFC championship games, two Bowl. He's been to a Super Bowl. Yeah. This year. Had a lot of injuries. What's the number? Are we putting him at 55 to 60 million or are we somewhere between 35 and 45 million? Listen, that's the question. I'm, I don't think the question is the deal. I think it's the, the, the, the number in the deal. Right? I say I say 30, 30, 45, 30, 30, 30, 45 range. You know, I'm not sure, you know, what is agent maybe thinking of what his agent wants to do, but knowing an agent, the agent wants to get as much as possible.


Oh, Yeah. He, they trying to, because everybody's trying to reset the market. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm sure. Well, He's, they're Trying to like keep, hey, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Let's slow down a little bit. Now we talking about rock per this, we ain't talking about reset the market type quarterback. Now All I know is, hold on. He's done something. Dak Prescott has never done been to an NFC championship game, gone to the Super Bowl, Dak got 60. So what's your argument for Purdy not to get 62? I just wanna hear it. Hey, listen, it, it, when it comes to negotiations, if they go in there with D and put it on the table and say it just like that, write that on paper and slap That down, slap that down On, on Brother Lynch's desk and whoever else gotta see it. Well, you ain't got no argument.


You Have. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You have no argument. But listen, as, as a football person, as a football person that understands the game and understand the different positions, you know, Brock PR is not a $60 million quarterback. And I mean that with no disrespect. Hey, all I know is the market says I the market says I am okay. Be okay. Look at all the guys that got 55 million and above. Right. How many of 'em have been to an NFC champ, a championship game? That guy. 60 million he's never had. Right? What's the guy in Jacksonville? Trevor Lawrence. Trevor Lawrence, he never have tour. He never has.


So When you think about it, when you think about a quarterback making that kind of money, 60 million or above, you looking at a quarterback that you say to yourself, well, you know what, even with the injuries that have happened around me, my quarterback, his play can elevate everybody else. Yes. When everybody is here, his play is still playing at that elevated level. So what goes on around him doesn't matter because we're paying him $60 million. He can do it. Patrick Mahome would do, Lemme make you question. He can play well in moments when it Match. No, no, no, no. You, you can you, but lemme ask you this. If I took, if I took, if I took, if I took Chase from Burl, you still believe he can get him to the A A FC championship game?


I'm just, I'm gonna leave him t Higgins, I'm gonna leave him everybody else. But I'm taking Chase It be a little bit more difficult. It'd be a little difficult because where you gonna get the production from? You have to be that more creative offensively in trying to fill out, fill out the production that Chase would give you if he was on the field. So how do you d off of the coordinator that makes his job even that more, more that much more difficult. That's the From Somewhere that Chase would give you on the offense. And he said Hard part. He said, well, while you trying to tell me I didn't elevate my play, tell me other than Patrick Mahome, who could I rested my case? I mean, because that's my argument. I'm if I'm his agent. Right. I'm saying, you telling me, well, you know, this guy, he lost Jwan Jennings.


He, I mean, Jennings was out for a game or two. I think IU went down early this season. He was lost for season. Lost Church Williams. We lost McCaffrey a little bit. We lost Mason. We lost Gudo for, for a game. Okay. Williams game Deebo Was inconsistent this year. Yeah. We ended up losing Mc Trent. So I'm just trying to figure out, other than my homes now, Josh Allen makes a compelling place because he lost his two top receivers and you see where he got them in the playoffs? Yeah. Yeah. So Josh Allen agent, and they about to do a big deal with him. He's probably gonna to get 2 85, 300 million.


Josh Allen. He just got paid. Huh? He about to get paid again. Really? Yes. You got paid two years ago, three years ago. It's Time's up. That's quarterback. We don't let them get, we don't let them get too far into the deal. O Right. Okay, Okay, okay. Okay. That's everybody else. We let get far into the deal, not the quarterback. Right. Okay. I got you. I got you. Okay. Lemme take that back. Not certain quarterbacks. Yeah, I, Hey, I'm glad you cleared that up. That's Ash back laughing. Oh, he got my trash can full of beer cans.


No Beer. It's beer, you know, from, from the south. She got a pickup truck. She be throwing the cans right in the back. But look, they say they're motivated. Yeah. You don't wanna have this thing lingering ocho. Oh, I I, yeah. If you wanna to get it done as sooner rather than later. Right. Let's get a number. They're gonna lose some people though. Would I be surprised if Trent left? No. You got Bosa. Yeah, you got Bosa making big dollars.


Think about it. Ang is up. There's Ward. It's up. Yeah. What's it called? Gonna probably wanna Reno. I don't know when the last time Fred Warner went in, he's probably gonna run to do something with his deal. Right. Fred, nice Boy. You got Deebo, you got a, you, you got Kittle and now you about to pay a guy 50 mil. Right. I say 40, 45. 45 is a good number. Go. I, I'm gonna tell you who gonna pay Fred top dollar? Who Chiefs? Absolutely. Absolutely. 'cause the, the, the, the, the left and right tackle played when the Chiefs has been abysmal all season long.


Ocho check this out. Yeah. Joe Milton, I third responds to Angry Patriots fans on IG Live who are mad about not getting the first overall pick. He says, I ain't played football since preseason. If y'all was in my shoes, y'all were given an opportunity to play. Would y'all go out there and not show up and not show out? So y'all can talk all about me if I lose. I don't blame him. That's what I'm saying. I look, that ain't got nothing to do with me. That's an organization thing. That's y'all mindset. Oh. Lose no athletes aren't wired like that. Right. We're we're, we're programmed, man. You think I gotta lift all those damn weights I hear practicing in the cold. Right. To try to lose.


Nah, not, not at all. Not at all. Put you putting too much work. Too much sacrifice to even get to that point, to get to your childhood dream in the NFL and oh, we doing it on purpose And I'm trying to show Icho. I'm trying to show that, hey, if they wanna move on that I can build a solid backup somewhere. Yeah. I'm trying to stay in the league. Most definitely. Because if I go out there and bull drive, guess what I'm gonna become just like y'all fans, Man. Ooh, that's a good one. Boy, that's a good one. That's exactly what's gonna happen. You listen to the fans too long, you be up in the stands just like they are. Right. Right. Along with 'em. Because the mentality, the mentality is different as a fan.


Yeah. Never have, yeah. Never have to understand. They Looking out for the best interest of the team. I'm trying to win a game because guess what, I, if they get, I might not be here. Right. They get good. I'm not here to benefit from it. Oh yeah. We, we appreciate what y'all gonna do for Milton. Ain't nobody gonna pay no salary that man out the league. Oh no. Right. Joe, do your thing. Do what you do. You did. Right. You showed the Patriots that you can be a serviceable backup. You, excuse me? You also opened some other teams' eyes to let them know. Oh, he can play a little bit. I like it. Yeah. I bit my damn lip.


Cover your mouth. I don't do that Ocho I did cover my mouth. I mean, look, Ocho, I cover my mouth. You saw that O No, no. Well, I ain't got no, I ain't got, I need some spray. I need some disinfectant. There you go. Oh God. But hey Joe, you acquitted yourself. Well, you didn't get an opportunity to play much, but in the last game of the season, yeah. You showed up. Yep. You did your thing, bro. And congratulations. You showed people, you showed the, you showed the Patriots, whoever the come coming in there, they're like, Hey, we got a nice little backup. Hey, you gonna be on the roster next year?


Make yourself a little money. Go make yourself a little money. Oh, yeah, yeah. But don't, don't listen to the fans, Joe. They, they fans for a reason. Let them cheer and, and boo and do whatever they want to do. But you going out there, you ain't trying, Hey, it ain't your job. Your job is to go out there and play, play. Well that's Your Keep, you keep and to be gainfully employed. That is your job, Joe. And you did that. And I believe you gonna have a job next year with the Patriots. Yeah. And if you don't, you showed that you could play in this league. You, You Showed that you gonna be somewhere. Absolutely. And not up in the stands cheering like they are.


So I ain't got no problem with what he did. Ocho the NFL will consider replacing the onside kick with an alternative proposal that has been mentioned in the years past. Instead of attempting the onside kick, teams would get one down to convert fourth and 20. And if they get 20 yards, they would maintain a possession of the ball Ocho, how many times have you seen a team pick up for a 20 yards? Yeah. That ain't nothing. Hey, but I'm just saying the difficulty in getting 20 yards in one shot is very, very, very rare. So they, so, so they, they'll, they don't pick up. So you ain't never seen nobody get a 20 yard game.


I saying It's very, very rare. It can happen. It happens. It hap how many, oh, come on now. Get, you know, how many, how many plays? You know, how many, how many play, how many plays in the playbook for Four? Yeah. How many? How many? How many? Well, we finna find out on average, how many 20 yard plays half in an NFL game. It ain't, I know one thing. It ain't gonna be many.


Yeah. Guess what? Hap guess what happens? You get a penalty. What? You get a holding penalty. Incidental contact. That's illegal. Hands to the face. That's face mask. That's the First time. But you have to rely on Get the ball. You Have to, you have to hope that happens. You have to hope that Happened. So lemme ask you a question. How did we not see penalty tonight? Yeah, you saw two of them. That n and guess what? Negated interceptions Ho Hold on, hold on. We're we're saying four than 20. Eliminate the onside kickoff in hopes that there's a penalty on the plate. What if you don't get the penalty? Okay. Oh. Oh, Joe, think about what you just said. What if you don't get to play? But what? Think about it. You get the, The call. What if, what if there's no holding call?


I'd rather side Kick. What, what I'm saying, do you think, do you think the onside kick, the conventional onside kick is more or less difficult than of a fourth, a fourth and 20 play, which is more difficult to happen Fourth and 20 Than a onside Kick. Yes. If you got a kicker that knows how to kick the goddamn ball and they have the third bounce go up in the air, you know what the problem is? The goddamn kicker don't know how to make the goddamn ball bounce. Listen, let me, let me let, let me say something, especially to the chat. People need to understand what the onside kick is supposed to look like. The kick is supposed to kick the ball. It's supposed to hit the ground on the third bounce. The ball is supposed to bounce and go up.


Nobody. Yeah, nobody has perfected that yet. For some guy. I don't know why. It's, the onside kick is supposed to be basically What's, what's the, what's going before you do that? What's the onside conversion rate? Gimme the onside conversion rate. Hey, on. You know, you know what I'm, you know what I'm talking about. I know you seen the onside kick out the right way, right? Yes. Yes. I know. You take that bounce Hit that it hit that and it goes all the way up and it basically becomes a junk ball. But nobody's been able to do it. I'm not sure what the kickers are doing these days. Nobody. But, but the onside kick is 4%. 4% right? Now, how many times do you think there's a 20? I guarantee you there are more than 4% 20 yard plays in the NFL in a game. No, not fourth and 20 Ocho, but on, if it's a penalty, there's so many things can happen.


If that's a hypothetical. If what if it ain't Okay, you Don't get it. I, I think the percentage is just look, But see, you just gave a hypothetical. If it hit that perfect balance and get it, wait, that's a hypothetical. It's really not. It's it really not hitting the perfect mouth. It's, it's a technique. It's a technique to it. It's a technique that I've mastered. It's a Master. It still doesn't matter if I lock it up perfectly right? I still gonna recover it if my guys block the guys. Because you got one guy that's going to try to, in my third bounce, he's running the edge to try to get it. Now I get my guys up front to lock it. Now Green Bay messed it up against Seattle because what was supposed to happen, the Titan was supposed to block and Jordan, Nelson was supposed to field it, right?


But what he did is he blocked back up. So now I'm gonna coach it up, right? I believe there's, there's a greater chance of converting fourth and 20 than it is actually getting an onside kick. Absolutely not. I think the percentage is the same or maybe even lower than the onside kick. 4%. If it's 4% for the onside, The ravens have 85 plays of 20 yards or more. 85. So guess what, ocho Wait, Hold. They have 85. They have 85 plays of 20 yards or more on first, second and third down. Not fourth Ocho, but O Ocho. No Ocho, it doesn't matter. You just looking at the down, I'm looking at 20 yards.


What difference does it make? So that's at least, so in 17 games. In 17 games, guess what, Ocho how many is that? That's like four games, isn't it? No, it's not happening on That's five. That's almost five a game. You gotta think about it. This is situational. That's Almost five a game. It's A situational football. This is an onside kick. And instead of doing an onside, How many onside kicks get the raven Recover this year? One shot. You won't have one shot at fourth. The 20. You are not getting that. It's often as you think it's not happening. O ocho, you are gonna pick up fourth to 20 more than you're gonna get an onside kick. I can assure you of that. No, absolutely not. It's not happening. You making it sound like they out there playing flag football.


This ain't flag football. You're not just Ocho, no Ocho. You looking at the, you looking at first, second, or third. I'm looking at 20 yards. You know how hard 20 Yards, you know How hard it is to get 20 yards? Yes. Do. It's even harder to get an old side kick recovery. That's my point. Biblical D is about the same. I'm telling you. Oh, Joe, this man outta his mind. Chad. Now unc, you Tripping. If the chat is agreeing with you, with something wrong with them too. I know how difficult it is to get 20 damn yards. It is not more difficult to get 20 yards than it is an onside recovery ocho. Damn. I'm telling you. That's why it's only 4%.


It's equivalent. It's equivalent. It's Not equivalent. Equivalent. It's about 4% as well. Do you, do you understand? I wish they had a defensive player that was in the chat that actually plays in the NFL right now. So they can tell you how difficult it is to get 20 yards and what you, and listen all the things you can do defensively to make sure a team doesn't get 20 yards. You need Ocho, but there's so many ocho. But see, here's the thing. What can the defense, the defenders, when he's trying to recover it, there's a lot of things that he, he can't really do anything wrong, right? All he can do is mess up, mess recovery. You on fourth and 20, you guess what? You could jump outside nine, fourth and 15.


You can illegal hands to the face. That's first down. You can do illegal contact down. You can face mask. That's first down. Guess what else you can do, Ocho, how many rough in the passes you've seen that went to a first down. Right Now that's, that's hoping for a penalty. Everything you get, everything you just said is hoping that something else goes wrong. So we can get the first down. But what are You hoping for on the old side? You're hoping for the ball to pop up so it get to get it. So you are hoping It's not, it's not likely. Neither one of is. Oh, Joe, there were only three onside kicks recovered all year.


So there are 32 teams. They play 17 games each, right, each. Only three on sides were recovered. Now how many 20 yard games were how many? Third and twenties. How many second and twenties? How many first and twenties do you think they got? Forget fourth. I'm looking at 20 yards. You are looking at the down 20 yards or 20 yards. Where this first down, second down, third down the fourth down. You Have to understand the situation. In the circumstance. I'm opting out of the onside and we're trying to have one shot at 20 yards instead of an onside field. I mean, instead of an onside kick, it's the, the chances decrease significantly in making it in that one circumstance is a situation.


I'm trying to tell you. Listen, Ocho, that's why there's, so, that's why you just throw the ball because there's so many things that the defense can do to give you a first down. It's Not, you can incidental contact, you can pi, you can hold, you can illegal hands to the face. You can face mask, you can, you can unnecessary roughness on the quarterback. There are six things. Now tell me six things that the offense that you could do other than recover the ball, that that will get you the ball on the own side. Even on that own side, not having those six things as a possibility that can happen on on side is still significantly low.


Your chance is still significant. Significantly low still either way. I'm just being honest. You know, we we're making, we're making it, we're making it. Well, you're making it sound too. Oh, Joe. 20. The conversion rate on fourth and 15 or more is 15%. The conversion rate is less than 4% on the onside. Now, I don't know who your math teacher was. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Wait, wait a minute, wait a minute. Let, let's go back. Let's, let's go back a little bit. Now. I, I've already said something. I made it very clear from the beginning is the fact that the kickers don't even know how to do the onside kick. Oh, Joe, See, I say not, not quarterbacks don't know how to throw the four. Don't know how to throw the ball. You see what you did? You did another caveat, right? Did Not, another caveat. The side kick.


I'm telling you, the onside kick, there's a certain technique to it that the God kick, there's A certain technique to pick up or on 20 yards. You see, I could do that. I can keep playing that game with you. Not a game. I'm just telling you, the chances increase when the kicker knows what the hell he's doing. The chances increase when the quarterback knows what he's doing. Alright, I'm just, I'm playing your game. You wanna do hypothetical? I'm gonna give it back to you. Let's go. It's not you up. Now I challenge you. It ain't no change in the goal post y'all. It is tougher to get recover in the onside kick than it is to pick 1220 yards.


No, you looking at four, I'm looking at 20 yards. So lemme ask you the question. Yes sir. Chad, what's the difference between first and 22nd and 23rd and 24th and 20? It's 20 yards and 20 yards. But ain't nobody getting it in one lump. It's hard to get 20 yards in one lump sum. It is not, it's not making, it's Harder to recover an arm side than to pick up 20 yards. O Joe. Both of them are equally as difficult as what I'm trying to tell you. No Ocho. What's equally as difficult is a ton which weighs the more, which weighs more a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers.


It's not that complicated. Ocho which weighs more a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers. Ton of bricks. They weigh a is a, you see what you just did? Thank you. Let's move along. You think How even that was,


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank. North America members. FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements in overdraft limits apply. Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, Hugh Jackson is headed to Georgia State. Hey. As the OC ocho. Yeah. Your old wide receiver Hugh Jack, you Congrats. Congrats Ocho. What you think? I like It. You like it? I love it. I love it. Listen, I was with you Going to coach wide receivers. No, No, no, no, no. I can't. I can't, I can't, I can't coach no receivers. I can't coach. I got, I got too many jobs. I got too many jobs right now, man. You pay, you pay you. Hey doctor, you'll have one job coaching. No. Hey, they, they don't, they, they don't pay enough. They don't pay enough. They don't, they don't pay enough. You know, you know, I, listen, I don't think people understand I'm, I'm making better than N-F-L-N-F-L better minimum wage times 10, having 50 11 jobs.


I ain't going to Georgia State. They can't, they can't afford me. I don't know if that makes sense, but it made, it makes sense to me. But yeah, listen, you, you, you did want this for me in my career and my growth as a player. Not only as a player that as, as a, as a man. As a man as well, man. I think he heard your kisses. He's a great, he's a great leader of men. Somebody that means a lot, especially to my, to me, in my career. And, and what he was able to do for me as my head coach in Cincinnati during those years and that tenure, tenure I had with him, man, I'm happy for him. I'm gonna go down there and visit him though. I come down there and intern when I got a little break. Put my clea on, you know, run a few routes, lock up a few receivers outside of that. But that, that's cool, man.


I'm happy. I'm happy for, for uj. Yeah. I look man, I like, look. I know Hugh Jack. I like hug Jack. He's a great offensive mind. I liked him. I I met Hugh when he was receiver's coach in Baltimore. Yeah. And so I, like Hugh talked to him, hadn't talked to him in a minute, actually, when he was the, the head coach at, at Cleveland. So I, I like, I like Hugh Jack a lot. It's a great opportunity. Hopefully he gets an opportunity to parlay that into another head coach. 'cause I think he, he deserved to get, be a head coach somewhere. Listen, if, if, if, if you, if you ever have the opportunity, but I know the chat wouldn't have the opportunity.


But you just said there's a bri your mind. If you ever have the opportunity to sit down with Hugh and talk football, I'm talking about exits and olds. Yeah. You blow your mind, boy. Oh yeah. Hey boy. And I think, you know what? Don't Joe, I think Hugh, I think Hugh better as an offensive coordinator than the head coach. Right? Okay. Okay. The, the two are different. The, the, the two Are very different. And the fact, all I gotta do is worry about this offense. I ain't gotta worry about the defense. I ain't gotta worry about the special team. Right. I ain't gotta coach the coaches. I ain't gotta worry about nothing. I ain't gotta worry about somebody showing up late. I ain't gotta worry about any of this. All I worry about is the offense. Right. Yeah. I like It. And that's the, that's the, that's the most difficult thing. A lot of times though, you as a head coach is being a, being able to delegate.


Being able to delegate hiring the, having, having the right people. Right. To, to make sure your generals get your message out. But that's not, that's not easy. That's not easy. But congratulations, you, Jack, congratulations. You Jackson headed to Georgia State as the oc. Huh? That's Loud. I thought you was gonna be Ooh, Ocho. We have what now See, we got a got a little extra time. Mocho, we got your sink coming back. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Spell Cinco. You doing it right now?


Yep. Hold on. Lemme, hold on. Hold on. I'm ready. Hold on. Yeah, I gotta make, I gotta make my entrance. Gotta make my entrance. Yeah. Gotta make my entrance. Let's go, let's go chat. Let's go. Ocho. The first word is flummoxed. Wait. Flummoxed Flu Flummoxed. Yes. The last discussion between the onside and fourth and 20 had ocho completely flummoxed Flu. Yes. That could be wrong. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, mm, flu flumed flix.


F-L-U-M-I. Xe No what? F-L-U-M-O-X-E-D. Flu. It means confused. Wait a minute. Well now listen, listen, I, I need you to do, do me a favor on these next words. I need you to pronounce and sound the words all the way out because that Luox I said flummoxed. And I even gave you the de I even gave you the definition. Definition has nothing to do with you saying, because you t it had, it had two M Flus. It had two s, right? Yes. When you, when you, when you say it, you, I say flus.


No, you need to say flu mixed. Nah, nah, I don't need to say That. Let you know that because nobody Said they say flus. Now let that let know. It had two M, so I didn't know that. Now, okay, come on. Okay, your next word is billingsgate. Billingsgate. A word used to describe course language. Billingsgate Billingsgate. B-I-L-L-I-N-G-S-G-A-T-E. Correct.


We saw him look down. Chad Complain. The Next word. This is what I go, is It's hor. Huh? Hor hor hor Otto. Hor Hor. Ain't, ain't no So Otto. Hold on. Now. Octo, are you saying auto as an automobile? Nah, Ocho don't do that. I'm I Asking? You heard what I said. I said OA ape. Hey, hey. Don't, oh, whoa, whoa, Ocho, look at the camera. Straight ahead. Thank you. There you go. At the what? Talk about Ocho. Look at me.


Thank you. Octo. Thorpe. Are you, are you trying to say Otto Thorpe? There ain't no Otto Otto Thorpe. I, I'm, I'm confused. Otto Octo. So Octopus starts with oc. So I'm assu I'm assuming Otto as well starts with oc, right? Otto Thorpe. Hey. Hello. Yeah. Otto Thorpe. Yes. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm taking a guess here. OCT Octo. OCTO. Thorpe. T-H-O-R-P-E. Octo Thorpe.


I know I'm wrong. This man. Look at that bad chat. Well, y'all stop putting the words in there. Y'all see cheating. Damn. Whoa. What's the wrong talking about? I'm talking, did I get it? Yeah, you got it right? Yeah. They writing it. We got what I'm saying. Matter of fact, You talk about it. You talking about it being in the chat. My chat ain't even up. Matter of fact, hold on. Lemme show you. Oh, no, wait, don't say nothing. Don't say nothing. Look at my camera. Look What's on my camera. You got the computer up? No. Oh my God. Hold on. Nest. Thank you. Well, hold on, hold on, hold on. The next word is, well, you said I got my computer up. This is what's up for my computer, man.


Ocho, stop it. Yeah, yeah. Apologize. Best apologize. Apol Apologize. Best, best tune. Are you gonna apologize? Please Apologize. No. Best tune. Okay, hold on. Are you gonna apologize for being wrong? Absolutely not. Alright. What's the word? Best tune. Woo. Best tune. Fest. Fest. Like when you fess up to something, right? Yes. I've fessed up to it. It starts with FES. So I'm assuming fest tune. I know it's probably some weirdo, some weirdo butchering of the English language.


The way this is spelled fest tune. FES. Now when you say tune, is it like, like tune, like, like the radio when you tune into something, is it TOON Or in the TUNE Fest. Best tune. Huh? Best tune. I, I I don't, I don't like that. We're not ingredients and you trying to to be on my side and helping me figure this out. Fest tune. Can I get, can I get Describes decor and how a place is decorated? Fest Tune. Fest tune. You know if it, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna take a wing at it.


F-E-S-T-T Double ONI know it's wrong, Correct? S tune You serious? So you did bullshitting. Nah, that's right. The next word. Ation. Ation. Now I've never Accusation, I've Never heard accusation, but I've heard accusation. It's describes a person who eats or drinks laying down. Accusation. What? Accusation. Accusation. Okay. Accu Accu.


Occupation. A-C-U-B-A-T-I-O-N. I know it's wrong. It's a c, C, ah, U-B-A-T-O-N. Occupation. So you not describe the person who eats a drink while laying down. You not Gonna gimme that? No, because you, you had one C One, the other C was silent. You not gonna gimme that. Well, I needed you to whisper it. Hey, listen, you could have gave you that man. If you go to script spelling me and you spell the word wrong, they not gonna give it To your I I'm just saying for the, for the sake of things.


And, and for how well I'm doing tonight. You coulda gave me that. Your bonus word is bib Leo Kle bib. Leo Kle. Hey. And that's a Good one. The word Ocho. Listen to me listen closely, okay? The word is bib. Leo kle a person who steals books. I mean, well why, why didn't you just say spell thief? No. Alright. 'cause the biblio clip and a thief Bi biblio bib bib BI know.


BIBL biblio vi. B-I-B-L-B-I-B-L-O. No, no, no, no, no. Ili. Bli. Hey, I, I don't like this word. Why? Because I'm getting stumped. I don't know if it's BBLO. No it ain't. It can't be BLO Biblio cle a person who steals books. Yo.


B-I-B-L-E-O. Cle. K-L-E-P-T. I know that's wrong. B-I-B-L-I-O-K-L-E-P-T biblio clip. Ah, I was off by a little bit. I was off by a little bit. I was off by A little bit. You got two, right? What Billingsgate? No. You got three, right? Billingsgate? Hey, What you trying to cheat? Cheat man. No, he didn't get Billy's gate. Yes I Did. Yeah, you did. You did. You got Billy's gate, you got theft. Oh, You cheat. Oh, you was trying to cheat me. No, you Got Octo Thor. I didn't cheat. You got Fest and you got Billy's gate.


No, no. You got three. You was three or six. I Was four of six. You missed Flemmings. Hey, Y avoid You miss occupation, or you trying to and you Miss Biblio clip. What you trying to cheat me? Boy, that boy, you trying to cheat me. It's all good O Joe that the Biblio clip was a bonus. So actually you were, you were three for five, but you missed a bonus. Three for six. So the bonus gets in there. So, alright, Ocho, now it is time for Dunk on Unc. Don't Go on Unc. And that's exactly what we getting ready to do. We getting ready to dunk. We finna dunk like, okay, here we go. Chad, y'all ready? Chad?


Do not. No. Chad, do not put the answers in the don't, don't put the answers in the chat. Please don't do that. Okay, you ready? Yes. After trailing 24 to seven in the fourth quarter of the 1979 Cotton Bowl against Houston, the fighting Irish rallied for a 35 34 win behind this future NFL Hall of Fame, Joe Montana. They game super on the sideline side. I ain't gonna waste your time. I ain't gonna hold you. Okay. All Y'all ain't hold you. I ain't gonna hold you. I ain't gonna hold you. I ain't gonna you.


Okay, You ready? Yes. Hired in 1918, Okay. He led Notre Dame to five undefeated seasons, brought the Ford pass of football and holds the highest winning percentage in FBS history with 0.881. Who is this? I believe it was the great Frank La That is, that is absolutely wrong. And you said, who was it? That's conviction. Like you thought it was right? I Thought it was. Who Was it? No, it's, it's, it's Newt Rockney Rockney.


That was so easy. I can't believe I missed that bull, John. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You gonna miss this Igon? I ain gonna miss this one. Oh, Trust me. You gonna miss this one? You ready? Yes. This Penn State quarterback was the runner up to the Oklahoma Billy Sims for the 1978 Heisman Trophy, then later played in the USFL for the Philadelphia Baltimore Stars. Chuck Pana. God Dammit. Stop playing. I ain't gonna hold Jojo. I ain't gonna hold you. I ain't gonna hold you. Okay. I ain't gonna hold You. Okay, WW and hey listen, that was the key, that Email, okay, dotcom, I'm logged on. Y'all done got me logged on right now.


I'm logged on now. That's a good one. That was a good one. I miss you had that one. Jojo ocho O When I got, when me and Teddy bear asleep like that, I dreaming. Okay, Well lemme, lemme tell you. I'm thinking a question that OCHO could possibly answer. Listen, so now I gotta go through, I gotta go through gel, not Google Sule, which is Shannon Kugel gel, right? Well, lemme tell you, I'm gonna tell you one thing. If you and Teddy sleep, y'all finna wake up on this one right here, then nickname linebacker, you, Penn State has produced many great linebackers. This stand out. Yes. 1999 team won the BCUs Award that season. Who is that? LaVar Arrington.


They also had Chris Billman. Shane Connell. Hey, remember that play where LaVar jumped over the line of scrimmage? I remember that. I remember that. All right, I'm gonna let you head that. But hey, I just want y'all to know I'm logged on. I'm plugged in. I mean, listen, listen. I mean, hella hell and Keller would've known. See, See, I go ahead and give you the answer 'cause I don't wanna hold you because the Chad talking about, oh, you now I the Chad talking about, oh, he looking at the computer. How can I look at the computer? I don't know what Ocho gonna ask me and I spit it out as soon as he come out with it. Come on Chad. Gimme some credit. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Chad, y'all Ken just going over there now. 'cause he, he tried to, he tried to say I was cheating and I turned my camera and my computer around and you could see there was no chat up.


Y'all This one for you Teddy. This one for Teddy. Here we go. Here we go. Drafted. Second overall by the Seattle Seahawks in 1993, this Notre Dame quarterback was selected right after Drew led. So Rick Meyer, I logged on. I logged on What now? Chat. What now? What now? Y'all ain't even got it up in the chat yet. Come on though, Joe. Okay, last one. You ain't gonna get this one right.


In 1994, this Penn State quarterback led a record set offense to an undefeated season and a rose world win before going fifth overall in the 1995 NFL draft. Kerry Collins, I ain't gonna hold you. He and Keith John Carter was in the same backfield. I don't even wanna hold you. Hey Chad. What y'all think about that? How did I do Champ Chad? How I do champ? Hey you. How I do? You must, you must have gotten brief before this. You must have got brief. Nah, you got I Long gone. Nah, nah, gone On show.


I'm gonna make sure all my answers is from the, I'm gonna make sure all my questions next time is from the 19 hundreds. Man, why you gotta go back to 1918? Hey man, listen, I I, I knew the answer before I even asked it Again. Five or six. It's Cool. And the winner, I was logged on tonight, don't you? That was a good one. I logged on. I don't even, I ain't, I wasn't gonna even hold Jojo. I wasn't even pretend like I was like, because I knew you. Oh, you looking around or something? So I just go ahead and read it out.


Alright, Ocho, now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for You cheated man. I'm just thinking about it, man. I cheat Ocho Chat. Listen, like the, huh? The questions I was asking weren't as difficult as the words I had to spell Ocho you asking me stuff? Who finished running up the, the Billy Sims In the 1978 Heisman? Now if you'd have asked me who won the 1977 Heisman, I'd have had to stumble a little bit, pretend like I didn't know and say the Tyler Rose, which is Earl Campbell.


Now, if you'd have went to 76, I'd have said Tony Dorsett. Now since you went to seven eight, it was Billy Sims. And then 79 would've been, who would've been in 79 White from USC, right? 80 would've been George Rogers 81 would've been Marcus Allen. 82 would've been Herschel Walker. 83 would've been Mike Ogier. But go ahead, I get your point. And then I'd said Doug Flutie. Okay. And then I went Bo Jackson. Okay, I see you. I see you. I see you let, I'm gonna let you hair that, I'm gonna let you hair that. Okay. Appreciate that. Ojo, listen.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Burkin Tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I'm Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Burki that Shirt of Kasa Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright, now it's time for our last segment of the evening time for q and a Q and a. Look at Lay. Look at this one. You heard me? What? Yeah. Huh? I can't hear you. All right. Yeah. See how she she, what time is it? One o'clock. You see why you calling my phone this time of night?


Making sure you supposed where you supposed to be? No, no. What she trying to do is she think I'm a booty call and that that's what I'm not gonna be, I'm not gonna be your little boy. I bet you, I bet you, I bet you dragged your time. Lead the black ass over there. I I bet. I guarantee you. I guarantee I don't. 'cause what you not gonna do? You're not gonna disrespect me and think you just gonna use me, you know, for, for my, my parts. You know, and you, you, this, this is not what you wanted. You didn't, you didn't want to continue to build with me then. Listen, I ain't no talk. Oh, in 86, you know 86 Benny Chester Birdie one. The Ley. Hey, come on. Where? Oh my bad. You didn't know that? Nah, Tim Brown wanted in 87 and then Barry and then Audrey Ward.


Okay, let's go tie er. Okay, but I get what you, I get what you saying then? Desmond Howard, but okay, Aaron Owen says, what's up Unc Ocho, when you first got to the league, what was the first DB to shut you down? He talking. He talking to you? Yeah. What's up Uncle Ocho? When you got to the league, who was the first db who shut you down? Man, Ain't nobody shook me down when I first got there. Now I know on the back end, you know, re Reba's had, Reba's had date. That was about it. I'm trying to think. Hell, when I first got in the league, I ain't get a whole lot of playing time. So I get out there and get my 15 plays that a lot of people shut me down 'cause I wouldn't get no fastest it Bailey was Coach Ree because he ain't call no plays for me.


But man, you know, back then killed them. They dbs were physical. Oh yeah. It wasn't, it wasn't no incidental contact. There wasn't none of that stuff. Man. Bad. Look here, man. Them joking. Put pause on you man. You wasn't going nowhere. They was strong as hell, Man. Shoot, ADE Carter. Yeah, DC him and he was in with James Hasty. He was in in Gang Tasty got Either there with Hasty or the Raiders. You know the Raiders always had had dbs. They played straight man coverage though. Yeah. You, I love playing the Raiders because they wasn't, look, you know what you can, there wasn't no secret, knew it wasn't. No. Oh, they gonna play cover four.


They gonna play cover two. They gonna play, you know, 25. They could play straight, man. Oh, first down, second down, third down that way, man, hey, right there in front of you. You go in motion. Yeah. He gonna follow your As across the formation. It ain't, there wasn't no secret what they were doing. So I loved playing the Raiders because it wasn't a whole lot of studying. Right. And then that was when, you know, they was like, Hey look, DB they and Mike was like, Hey, do whatever you wanna do. You can hold them. Aw man. Come on bro. Come on now. They grabbing you. Ride West. Come on now they gonna, I I, they gonna call that.


But it definitely prepared us to get open. Isaiah Lancaster says Uncle Ocho, which quarterback in the NFC for the playoffs do you trust the most? And who's more clutch in their sport as two great players? Mahomes or Michael Jordan? Ooh, that the Mahomes question, I'm gonna come back to that. But the, the quarterback I chose most in the NFC would probably, would probably have to be golf. Huh? I, I agree. That's what I would say. I would say, Jerry Golf, You probably have to be golf and listen, there would be nothing wrong with me saying Stafford as well, being that Stafford has already won the Super Bowl. So be somebody that also trusts, especially with what he has to work with offensively. You know, I don't think he has as much around him. Yeah. Like, like Detroit. Right. But I I, I Because they're already gonna be at a disadvantage, don't you, not to cut you off.


Yeah. Because now the game's gonna be played in Arizona. Yeah. So you've lo you've lost Home Field Advantage. Advantage. Yep. Whatever home field advantage you have, it's not like they really have one. Right. Because, because everybody in LA is a transplant. So there's not like all that I'm a diehard Rams fan. Like, nah, it ain't like that. You know, like you go to Detroit, they gonna have a true home field advantage. Right. You know, you go to Pittsburgh, you go to Baltimore, you go to Kansas City or, or Tampa, you are gonna have a true home field advantage. Right. Tcho, you play on a neutral site. Mm. And it's not like the, the Rams have this overwhelming fan base. Oh no, no, no. To begin with, they, they Do travel, but they don't travel like a Steelers. They don't travel like Eagle, like Eagles fan base.


They don't travel like that. Now, I would not be surprised And Eagle if Eagles were gonna play in goddamn damn Alaska. Yeah, Man, listen, everybody from Philly gonna be in Alaska. Oh yeah. Eagle. Were the Eagles of the Steelers. They don't play. They, I wouldn't be surprised Ocho if the Vikings have more fans in Arizona than the Rams. Well, you, you don't. I not, well now it's the playoffs now. So I would think the Rams fans, even those who haven't been fans throughout the year, I think they would travel well. I'm thinking, I would hope, especially now that they've made it to the playoffs. Ocho, I don't know if you've ever been to a Rams home game.


Only, there's always more visiting fans than they played than the Rams fans. Yeah, when? Huh? When they played the Vikings earlier in the season I was there, There's more man I went to, I went to, when they played the champion, when they played Sam Fran Rams played San Fran and the championship game, right. There was more 49 ERs. There was more red and gold right. Than there was blue and silver. Mm. I mean blue and yellow, yellow Yeah. I wonder why It's, it's crazy. You think maybe LA is LA like Miami? They ain't coming. Yeah. It's a transplant. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't no, ain't no, ain't no natives. Right. They ain't coming to the game unless you winning. Right. Most of the fans, they were, they grew up, they were Steelers fans, right?


They were Packers fans. They were Cowboys fans, they were Disc fans. They were that fans. Right? And so they moved here, they like, oh, oh, our team coming. Rams ain't really happy. Think about the Rams they were in. They were in Anaheim and they were they second Lewis. Right, Right, right, right. No, Miguel Ortiz says both the a FC West and the NFC North has three teams in the playoffs. If you were to make a division versus division matchup mixing up all the players, the division to make a team. Wow. That'd be really good. We ain't got no running backs.


I mean, look, if you take, if you take my homeboy and play him, say he's your quarterback, right. Let's just say you take Lamar, man. They got man, they got Derrick Henry, they got Chase. Yeah. They're cheating. Yeah, it is. They they cheating. They got, I mean look at, they got, they got Hendrickson, they got DJ Watt. Ooh Yeah, they got Quan Smith. I mean, first of all, the Raven had nine pro bowlers And boy, them boys stacked this shit, man.


And then you got, and then you had Hendrickson made the Pro Bowl. Chase made the Pro Bowl and, and, and, and Joe and Joe made the Pro Bowl. Right. Now we might get y'all on lineman because you know, we got Creed Humphrey for Thera for the, as the center Tooney the left guard. Trying to think. Left tackle probably be Slater, right? Tackle probably be Joe Alt. Yeah. Yeah. I think the FC nor Mike win it Every time. It be good. I mean, hey, we got two tight ends. I mean, we got Kelsey and Brock Bowers, which y'all got Andrews and likely, likely, but that'd be a good, that'd be a good matchup.


Dipping to McGee. So Ocho miss you guys live had to say those calling the Bengals, the team to beat were right. They got beat. Sorry, Ocho had to Oh, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Send it down. Sit it down. Sit it down. Sit it down. Yeah. Ocho y'all Listen, we, we, we, we out of it. I don't wanna talk no more about Bengals, you know, let, let's Yeah. What to talk about. Yeah, just, we just gonna focus on the teams that are in the playoffs. Yeah. That's what we need to focus on. Yeah. But it won't be the Broncos after Saturday. But go ahead. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up. Why you talking about Broncos? I, I didn't I say we won't have to talk about them after Saturday, But we gotta talk about 'em up until Saturday.


Guess who we don't gotta talk about? We haven't had to talk about them since Sunday and since you wanna be nasty about it. Where my money? Since you wanna be nasty. What about money? Chad? Y'all see that he being nasty and then got me my bread said Sha Resa fire la have impacted my, myself and my family. I would like to say thanks for providing an escape of reality. Mutual gra guys. Adrian. Hey bro, I appreciate the hard work that you do, man. We really appreciate that man.


I am so sorry that your family, friends and loved ones has been impacted by this forest fires. I've talked to some people that's lost everything. Ocho Yeah, it's bad. I was there in 17 and 18 when they had the forest fires, right? And they say it's 10 times worse than that and I can just, oof. And a lot of people had their fire insurance canceled, so they had no coverage. Why? Oh, it's a, it's a, it's a, I don't, I don't even wanna talk about it, but a it's just tough, bro. But oh, hopefully you and your family and friends and some loved ones. I, everybody, I, I mean, I'm just, you just watching and you're like, wow, you just, you, I mean you just, wow.


It look like something. I mean, I don't really really know what else to say. I mean, I, I wish there was something I could do. That's crazy. But that's, but thank you Adrian, for all you do. Jay two one three said, hi, happy birthday Ocho. My question for you all, the most most thoughtful gift you've ever received. Love you both. My wife says, thank you for helping me get through this. The, the long nights, oh, most thoughtful gift. Ocho what's the most thoughtful gift you've ever received? The most thoughtful gift I've ever received.


How? My kids? Kids. Kids. Yeah. Oh lord. Yeah. Yeah, because they didn't, I, I'm trying to think about gifts. 'cause I'm, I'm really not into gifts. I'm, I'm very, very, very, very simple. Very simple when it comes to gift giving because the things that I like and I enjoy that bring me pleasure are like stupid stuff that people would laugh at. Like, who cares about that? Like, but you know. Damn. That's a good one. Unc, This picture, I don't know if you can see it, but it's a picture of my brother and I at the Hall of Fame with my grandmother in the backdrop.


That's a good one. It's on the wall in my bedroom. Fortunately, I I'm not in Cali currently. And but that would probably be the first thing that I, I, other than the dogs, that would be the, that would be the first thing that I grab Everything Else. I mean, I, I have the trophies, the jerseys, all that stuff, right? Hall of Fame jacket. I mean, I can't replace the jerseys. I mean, I get replicas, but they're not the actual jerseys that I played in the game with. Right, that's fine. But that picture Charity and Titus, I'm getting them and then all this other ish.


It is what it is. It's what it's, Hey, I got a question. Yeah. I mean, back to the LA fires, I'm, I'm, I'm curious why were the fire insurances or whatever it may be, why were, why were they canceled when fires always up in the hills like that? Anyway, it was, if, if it was acu re Not the same re the same reason that you guys, that Florida canceled a lot of flood insurance because hurricanes happen, flood's gonna happen. So if we know something's gonna happen, we don't want to ensure the, the, the, the, the the the most likely thing to happen.


It's tough man. It's tough Man. It's, it's crazy. It's, that's crazy. It absolutely is. Yeah. I won 300 GaN Ocho a big fan. Got girls, got my girl into sports and we enjoyed watching the show afterwards. I believe black and gold put a bottle of shell on the game. Pittsburgh win. Send me a bottle. Pittsburgh lose, I'll buy one bet. Run it. Bet Quez.


What up Uncle Ocho? Y'all wish my girlfriend Maria, happy birthday. She turns 21. Hopefully you 22. We are huge fans of the podcast. God bless. Nothing blessed except at 25 Maria Elma wants to wish you a happy birthday. Happy 21st birthday. The big two one there. Hey, I know y'all had to celebrate this one. Y'all gotta celebrate this thing and blow it out because you're never gonna be 21 again and there's nothing like turning 21. So happy birthday Maria Elma, go do something special for you lady. Gary Allen. Unc, is it true now that you are faster ship, you faster ship? I love the merch, but don't want to wait 20 days again.


Nah, you good? Yeah. Matter of fact, yeah, matter Of fact, what we've done, you lemme explain. Okay. What we've done is officially we've switched the fulfillment centers. So now it's not gonna take that long No matter thank you for supporting a small business. Like look, when you first start out, bro, you know, there's a lot of technical things. You gotta get a, there's a lot of stuff that gets lost. We lost a lot of merchandise because we see people two and they only order one and they order two and we ship three or four. But there's a lot of kinks and bugs that you gotta get worked out and that's a part of it, that's a part of the growing pains. But bro, Darius, I really thank you for your support, bro. But I promise you, you won't have to wait 20 days again. Hey, I just ordered, you know, I ordered, I wanna who, who get to see the emails ask can see the emails when they come through.


No. Yeah, Ash can, yeah, I don't see the emails here. Yeah, Yeah. I just, I ordered the one with the, what you call it, the Nightcap shirt with the underneath under the Oh Yeah. With a thermal. Yeah. I, I ordered, I ordered a thermal today. Yeah, I ordered like some earlier today and I looked at my email again. It said order shipped out already. I'm like, well god damn. Yeah, we own it, dog don't. Oh, fast. Yes. Yeah, Bro, we gonna turn it around, I mean, once we get the handle of it. Yay. Appreciate it, appreciate It. Hey, yeah, yeah. I mean, it took us a little time to get everything situated, but bro, I, I appreciate the support guys, but hopefully, yeah, I think we got it worked out.


Now that the ship, the the shipment will not take as long. We'll get it out to you asap. Hopefully everybody's received their original orders, especially from the new merchant. As you order it now, we can get it to you right away. So thank you guys again for the support. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. We're back again tomorrow. Yeah, You watch the Fighting Irish on the last second field goal. Take down the Penn State nit Nitin Alliance by the score of 27 to 24 and move into the national championship game where they'll face the winner of the Texas Longhorn and the Ohio State Buckeyes. That game will be tomorrow and we will be with you after tomorrow's night game.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite all Shannon Sharp. That guy is your favorite number 85 Liberty City own Bingo Ring of Fame on read the Pro Bowl, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you God for your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by the Porter. Let's celebrate going into a very new year. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by the porter? And if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it right to your door.


And please drink responsibly. Please check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest it release dropped last month. New shirts, sweats, kies, beanies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last tickets for the Super Bowl show. It's our New Orleans first Spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. Got great guests lined up. We can't wait to see you guys in New Orleans. And it's at the Mahalia Jackson Theater again.


Notre Dame wins the Orange Bowl advanced to the National Championship game on the last second field goal of 41 Yards by Mitch Jeter. As they win 27 24 over Penn State, they're going to face the winner of Texas, Ohio State. We'll be with you tomorrow after the game. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. Tonight, The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan er type in a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a nan's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.