
This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


At T-Mobile, our critical mission is providing unparalleled 5G coverage for when connectivity is mission critical. Introducing T priority America's Best 5G network experience for first responders, even in times of congestion. More capacity, faster speeds, better coverage. T priority from T-Mobile built for tomorrow's emergencies. Ready today. Discover more@t-priority.com For qualifying organizations on eligible rate plans. Coverage tonight available in some areas and may be impacted by emergencies


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The Volume.


Who scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA from monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice. Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Go James. Go James. Go James. Yeah, he went, he for the first time, he entered a game in the fourth quarter where he hadn't scored a field goal. Yes sir. He had three points, if I'm not mistaken. I think he only had two points at the half. At the half. Yeah. And he has a streak. 18 years. He scored at least 10 points in every game for the last 18 years is the longest consecutive streak of double digit games in NBA history. Yep. And he kept the streak alive because he was sensational. I think he scored 12 points in the fourth quarter, but none bigger than the tip in at the buzzer to give them the win the Lakers beat the Pacers one 20 to one 19. Lakers had a 17 point lead.


Yeah, they squandered that again. Oh, Joe was What quarter? Huh? What Quarter? Third. Third. Every Time They gave up 37 points in the third quarter. Remember the other night they gave up 34 points in the third quarter? Yeah. And it looked like they all, they scored 60 little over 60 points in the, in the second half. And that'll get you beat. Yeah. And the Lakers are gonna have to find out until it's important to them to take care of the basketball to play better defense. They're gonna find themselves in these kinds of games because they allow teams to hang around because they turn the ball over when they can stretch and lead to 20, 22, 23. They turn the ball over in a couple quick threes and now all of a sudden a 17 point game is down under 10.


Yeah. But when it mattered the most, and that's what good players, that's what great players do. They can play bad no matter the sport. Ocho, they can play bad for a particular period of time, but when they absolutely have to have it, they can dig down. Now a lot of times you And I both played the game of football. Yes sir. Sometimes when things are not going our way Right, we'll allow it to creep. When our game creep creep into our minds, it'll affect our overall play. Yes Sir. I thought he rebounded the ball extremely well. He had 13 rebounds. He led the Lakers and rebounds. He did a great job of facilitating, considering Luca is the primary ball handler now. Right. Let him in assist with seven. But when he needed it, he dug down in the fourth quarter, he got it going.


He played half primarily had the ball in his hand while Luca was on the bench getting his rest to start the fourth. He got his double digits and then he turned it back over to Luca. And Luca got hot again down the stretch. I think Luca ended up with 34 coins. Ar Officer Reeves had 24. Yeah, but it was LeBron at the end of the ball game. Yeah. That got the tip in at the buzzer because this would've been heartbreaking. But this would've been a gut rich ball. They, They lost his game. They, they, they would've let this, they, they on the O three, they're on the O three ski. Then the OO oh three ski for one, like you said earlier, they can play in stretches in the game and get a lead. But be because the lack of defense and always being fing beating transition, being lazy, turning the ball over, they allow team to come back in team that they should be dominating.


Obviously the game of basketball is about to against is a game of runs. But still you're playing the Pacers. I'm not saying the Pacers are horribly sorry. But when it come to the Lakers, if you're serious about not only making the playoffs or keeping the seed that you're in, this is a game that you're supposed to go in and dominate quarter by quarter. But yet again in the third quarter after, after having the lead, they had, they almost squandered that. And the LeBron they did Because the Pacers ended up taking the lead, don't you? Yeah, they qua the lead. The took the lead. And then Roy, I don't want to, I don't wanna butcher his last name. Roy. Ruy. Ruy. Ruy. Hahira Brother, brother Hahira. Ha Katana hit the two threes towards the end of the game and LeBron had to come through in a magical moment.


And the game they should have lost. Honestly. Yeah. Honestly. But they all owed him. Hey. Huh? He owed him that one LeBron. He don, yeah. He's in the locker room saying, Hey, knowing LeBron. Yeah, he probably the locker room guy. Like, Hey, that was a big win, but I owe y'all Oh yeah, I owe you for that. Oh, for that first half For the game. Because I think, what was he ended up four 12. Yeah. So he was 3 11 4 before that tip in ocho. So he ended up going fourth 12. And he's, he knows all seven from the three. He knows he didn't his overall game. But the thing is about a great player, you find other ways to impact the game. Look at his defensive rebounding. Look, I mean, look at his rebounding. Look at his assist, his his assist. Let him in assist, let him in rebounds.


But that's what great players do. They find ways to impact the game even though he wasn't scoring a lot of times the score when he's not scoring no Joe, he mtss, he pops and all of a sudden it impacts other areas of the game. Right. And you impact the game when you are not doing what you normally do to impact the game. Find whether other ways to influence the game. Rebound the basketball cannot facilitate, cannot play defense. Right. Can I go draw charge of things of that nature? And I was very happy to see LeBron them pull it out. Had a lot going on today. Luca, in the month of March, 31.4 points a game, eight and a half rebounds. 8.6 is fifth. 43 point. So basically 44% from the three point line.


Right on 11 on a on 11 attempts per game. He is on pace to be the youngest Laker to average 30 points in a single month since Kobe in 2003. Nah. Hey Unc, I like the Laker chance, I love all the mantras, all the quotes of Lakers in five. But I honestly think they need one more piece as as great as haw. They can't get it as great as great as haw Katon. Your RU is playing. Yeah, they need, they they they need something else. Huh. Another, another score. L LeBron has a off knife then Luca gives you what he does tonight. He was kind of off and on, but he still ended up with 34.


But I think if they just had one more person, they give him just a little bit more. I know Reeds is good. I know Ru can, we can score as well. They just need more. One more, one more piece of that puzzle. And I think, well what they Were hoping for, what they were hoping for, that Alex Lynn could give them something. Now I don't know what they've seen from Hallock hay since he's been in the league And You don't like buddy man. No, it is not about like or dislike ocho. I mean I think the chatter would agree, right? They've watched him at many different stops. I think he's been in Washington. I think he's been with the the sons. He's been different places. He's what he is. Yeah, He's what he is. Right.


I don't care. You take a grizzly bear out of the forest, whether he in Alaska or he's in Canada Right. Or he's in it does not matter. You take him out of that And you put him in a different environment, he still, he's still a grizzly bearly. Okay. Yeah. His instincts does not go away. Right. So another word if he's sorry over here, what do you expect him to be over there? He'd be bad. I mean, it's not like he was good at one point in time. Ocho And you say, You know what, hopefully he can summon that up again. But he has not been good at any stop. He's tall now a coaching is calling his name. It is what it is.


And, and I'm just being factual. They're not anybody else out there that can help a mocho. And the problem is, is that when, when Jackson Hayes goes to the bench, there are a Yes sir. Small team. Oh, very strong. They don't have another big LeBron gotta Go to the five. LeBron has to go to the five. Or you bring in Dorian Finney Smith and he has to play the flat five. Right. They're a very, very small team. And that's the problem that you have because you're really not playing Jackson Hayes more than 25 minutes a night. Right. And he's the guy. And the thing that I love, I mean you you love And you hate is that you don't run plays for Jackson Hayes. He's a lob guy. Right. He gets it off the rim. He gives you a a second chance opportunities.


Right. But he's not a guy that you can run to the party and say, Hey, he gonna put, hey, put his back to the basket, throw it to a hand. Right. And you gonna do something with That's I not what he is. That's not who he is right Now. I I got a question now. Now listen, You know, my, my my my knowledge of the game of basketball is a little limited. I'm getting better at it though. Now listen, if they gotta go small, if they gotta go small, shouldn't the Lakers at, at times, depending on who it is, be it be at it, be at an advantage when it comes to, You know, playing small and having to transition up and down the court as opposed to, You know Yeah. For the other team goes small. But what happens when they got yoic out there? What do you do then? And that's the problem.


Okay, let's just say you played, you played Memphis, Right? Memphis got Zach, ed, who's 7, 7 3. Yeah. He, so even if He's Huh? He said clogging up space. He, he, he, he he is not advantageous on offense at all or am I wrong? No, he gonna give you, he's gonna give you extra possession because of rebounding. Okay. And without rebounding, there are no rings without rebounding. Okay. And that's the, that's the problem that the lake is gonna have. Even when LeBron, LeBron has an off night, you still have AR and Luca that can carry the load. If Luca is struggling, LeBron AR can, can carry the load. If AR is struggling, Luca and LeBron can still carry the load.


So who will look, you got three guys that can score. AR is giving you like 20 a night. LeBron is giving you 25. Luca's giving you a 30. Right? Okay. That's fine. One of those guys struggling that other guys can take, can take over, need a little bit better production consistently from the bench. You got some good minutes tonight. But JJ ISS just gonna have to trust Dalton Connect. I, I think the thing is, is that he, he, he loses his weight sometime with the defensive end. Right. And I being around JJ the little bit I had working with him and ESPN, he doesn't like that. Yeah. He likes students of the game. He likes smart, he likes smart guys. Smart guys you can win with.


Even if they're not the most talented, supremely talented guys that aren't ba that doesn't have basketball iq get your ass beat. Right. And that frustrates JJ because JJ wasn't the most talented, although he was a, a, a great player in college. Right. And a really good player in the NBA. He was very smart. Yeah. He knew where he was supposed to be when he was supposed to be there. Right. And boom. So he did Listen, he did all the small things right? Very detailed. Yes. Very disciplined. And when you're not, What you lack was extremely Athletic ocho, you're not extremely athletic. You're not 6, 8, 6 9, you Gotta do everything right Or you don't have handles like a Kyrie, you're not quick.


So what other way can I find a way to get on the court, stay on the court and not cost my team? Right. And if you look at it, ocho I think there's 10 games left And you look at three through eight, there's only four games difference. There's only four games difference. You know, basically you're three, four games back. Denver Nuggets have the same win loss record as the Lakers and they're in the three seed Lakers of four. Memphis is five. All of them have 28 losses. And then you got the Clippers golden state with 31 losses, which are three games back. And you got Minnesota at 32 losses at at a game back of them. So four games separate three through eight and there's 10 games to go.


Right. 10 games a row. Excuse me, 10 games to go. So the rubber gotta beat the road. Something gotta give. Yeah. What's what's, what's the high, what's the highest seed or what do you think is preferable for you as, as a Lincoln fan for them that would be easier. Well, I think The, they give back wanna get some What would be easier for them? Best case scenario to be able to get outta the first round or at least have a chance getting to the second round. Have home court advantage. So you need to be, you need to be one through four to have home court advantage. Okay. They're not gonna get the one seed. Nah, because OK. CS run away with that. Right. So the one seed is already et in stones. Now could they get the two seed? Yeah, that's a possibility. They got the, they got the rockets on the schedule.


They need to close out this road game strong and then go home and close out that home. Home stand strong. Right. I could see them three or four. Right. Three or four. So that means if they, if everything remains the same, that means they get Memphis in the first round. Woo. What you, what you expect, what you like, what you like about that match? I love that. I, Hey, just stay away from OKC. We need to get some rhythm before, before we see OKC. We need some pressure them out. Ain't no pressure in the first round. They need pressure. So you're saying Memphis ain't no pressure? No, not for the Lakers. I like, I like that matchup against Memphis. But You know, You know who Memphis got over there?


Yeah. Ja. Yeah. Yeah. I give you, I give you Jaga give you Luca who you taking. Okay. I give you John, I'll give you LeBron who you taking. Okay. Okay. Now they got Jar Jackson who's A-A-D-D-P-O-Y play candidate. Yeah. Who made the All star game? Bain has played well in the absence. Jaw's nursing a hamstring or something, but he's been up and down now when he's been in. Yeah. Oh he's ja, I mean the second pick in the jaff, he's been an all star. So You know what he can do. Right? I mean, nobody's surprised. I mean, just to actually go to a game and watch him and to watch the way he elevate and the way he can cont contort his body.


He's special. Yeah. He, he's a guy that, You know, I pay my good money to go see because that's what he is. I look, I base a guy. Only if I pay him my money to come see him. I ain't pay my money to come see you. I don't give damn how many points you average ain't not interested. Right. Got nothing to do with me. Charles's interested. Yeah. Because he can finish above the rim. Got a nice little float game. Yeah. Mid rain shot. He's gotten better to shooting the set three. But he's fun. He's fun to watch. Yeah. I like that matchup. Do I think they can beat anybody? Yes. In seven games? Absolutely. Right. Because Luca and LeBron can both take over game and give you 40.


So those two guys. But the thing is Ocho in the playoffs, your three best guys need to be really good. Two of the three need to be great. Right? Damn near every single night. Now if I'm getting 80 points 60 now if I'm getting 65 to 80 points from my big three, I'm gonna need the other, I'm gonna need the other six guys. Because you're not gonna go that deep playoff start. You might go nine as you go further. You, you reduce that. But I'm gonna need those other, other nine guys. If those three guys gimme eight, I'm gonna need those other guys to gimme 35. Right. And they gonna have to get a little bit more production from the bench. Gabe Vincent is shooting the ball a little better.


Penny Smith is doing a little better, but they gotta make a decision. What are we gonna do at Don Connect? Because he can shoot the three, but he gets lost. He gets lost on defense. Yeah. He gives up easy buckets And I don't know what's, I don't what something is being lost to translation. Ocho, he's a liability. Well, all of, look, Luke ain't play no defense. Don, officer Reed, bless his heart, a play defense. LeBron can't sit in the chair no more. LeBron is mainly a help side defender. Right. He does use his body really well, guys try to go around him, he'll body him up because that's a, that's that's a big man to try to move. Right? And so he slows him down like that. But LeBron can't sit in the chair and no one, no one expects him to Ojo.


Right. He's 40. What guy You know, played defense at 40? Kobe didn't. Jordan, I'm talking about historically great players, right? Even Pipi, that Pippin that didn't play till he was 40. He couldn't slide no feet like he could when he was in his in his. Right. Right. We understand that because you And I talked about it other night. The lateral quickness is what l lu you lose. Yeah. As we starts to age. Oh yeah. So with that being said, Ocho, I I, I like the Lakers. I believe they can beat anybody in the Western conference. Yeah. It'll be a struggle. But OKC Oh, you see that five? We still, we still, we still winning to five.


So you wanna hold up going to the next topic? Ash. Okay. Ocho. Yo, I don't know if it was this morning or with tape yesterday. I'm thinking this morning what happened? LeBron went on the Pat McAfee show. Yeah, yeah. I saw that. He he had a lot to say today. Yeah, he, He, that was, that was outta character. Him. I've never seen him in that setting before. And actually just talking freely like That. Yeah. So we're gonna get, we're gonna get to that. Yeah. Just a second while we wait for TJ to connect. But the Lakers, I'm looking at the Clippers. I think the thing is Ocho, you're trying to stay out of seven through 10 because you don't wanna play any more games than you have to.


Right. You won't rest. And, and it won't start until the 7, 8, 9, 10 is determine who to play it. Who's gonna be seven? Who's going be eight to that determined? So you need refs. LeBron James is 40. He's been playing. He played what, 38, 39 minutes tonight. So he's going need refs, Luke, and any bumps and bruises. You want to try to get those guys as healthy as you possibly can. Now the best thing about the playoffs, you don't play every other, you don't play back to back. Got it. I mean, the first game you play and then you might have a couple of days off and then you get into the routine And you play it every other day. Okay? You can live with that, but you try to get LeBron, LeBron's gonna need as much rest as he possibly can because he is 40.


Here's what it is. And so once, once they determine who they're gonna, once they are, if they can secure one of these top six seeds, you avoid the plan, you get an opportunity to get a couple of days of rest. And then, hey, for tomorrow's fall, the game. Oh, Joe. Now LeBron James went on the Pat McAfee show today, nearly the three weeks after confronting Stephen a at a basketball game. Yeah. LeBron broke his silent on the incidents referring to the fallout as a Taylor Swift tour run for Stephen a wow. The beef started, excuse me over comments Stephen a made regarding Bronny. I initially wasn't gonna say anything. I wasn't gonna talk about it. I didn't, we didn't talk about it. Y'all didn't hear anything from me for about the incident for three weeks ago.


But now LeBron has went on P Matt And we have to talk about it now. LeBron said he hasn't been too happy with how Stephen a has reacted to the situation. He's on a Taylor Ron Swift tour right now. It started off with, I didn't want to address it, but since the video came out, I feel, I feel this is LeBron talking. I need to address it. He completely missed the whole point. The whole point. Never would I allow people to talk, not allow people to talk about a sport and criticize players about what they do. This is your job to criticize or to a position where there a guy's not performing, You know, that's all a part of the game. But when you take it And you get personal with it, it's not my, it's not my job to not only protect my damn household, but protect the players.


He's gonna be smiling ear to ear when this comes out talking about it. 'cause I know he's gonna be happy as hell.


Have you guys seen the cost of funds lately? Back in my day, they cost 25 cents. Now they cost $3. Everything has gotten so expensive. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt. There's a better way you can build credit with money you set aside and avoid interest or expensive debt with chime credit, build a card. It's a secure credit card with no credit checks or minimum deposit required. Start building your credit with everyday purchases and regular on-time payments with no annual fees, interest or credit. check@chime.com slash Nightcap. Imagine what you could do with better credit. My credit was so bad. Who needed a crane to pull it up? My brother had to co-sign my loan. I can't believe I had to tell you that. How embarrassed I was I felt in that moment, but I knew I never wanted to feel that way again. That's when I decided to get serious about my credit score. Again, that's why you need chime credit. Build a card, no annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Use it everywhere. Visa credit cards are accepted. Bill credit with the money you set aside. Turn your everyday purchases on time payments into steps towards financial goals. With Chime secure credit, build a Visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Stride Bank. NA SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply Chime checking account required to apply out of network ATM withdrawal and OTC advance fees may apply. Timing depends on submission of payment file, late payment may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast. Don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world-class audio system to just transport you to a better headspace. Then there's the murano's massaging leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey me. I wish Steven they would just left it alone once he addressed it. Once it happened the first time, the address it, this is what happened. He came over to me, said what? He said, I want to address it now and I'm gonna be done with it. Right. Because as my grandma used to say, boy, stirring up old-ish, it still smells. So every time, every time Steven a talks about it, it re it, it, it stirs it up again. Yeah. And look, I I see both sides. I see both sides of the equation. Yeah. But at at Steven, they just need to let it go. He needs to let it go.


And now he's like, well, if he'd headed, I don't think LeBron was coming to hit you. LeBron was coming to tell you bro, just stop talking about my son. Right. He said, because you said, oh, as a father. Now you making it personal. You're making it personal because Now you part you're making it seem, and this is how LeBron I think took it right. You making it seem that I'm not a good father. That I'm not putting myself in, putting my son in a position Right. To be successful. And so you're like, you're pushing this. And so LeBron took it a certain way and am I surprised LeBron responded the way he did so publicly? Because LeBron is a very private person. Yes sir. He might have an issue with someone And you will never know it.


You'll Never know it. Yeah. You'll never know it. So, and and so for him to do that at a game, and it wasn't after the game. It wasn't before the game. It was the third quarter during the time out. Right. Lets You know how upset he was that Stephen a and what Stephen a had been saying. But at this point in time, I understand LeBron, they asked LeBron about this. But if I'm Stephen a hey guys, I've already addressed that. Right? He said what? He said, I understood his point. I said, what? I said, now it's time to move on. Right. I, I'm, look, it's not gonna stop me from talking about LeBron James, the basketball player on the court, but the incident, I feel that we've talked about it ad nauseum.


Right. I feel we've talked about it enough and now it's time to move on. Yeah. That's that, that's what I wish even they would do. Yeah. But like he said, I mean, look, I get it. That's LeBron James. It's the biggest name in pro North American sport. Right. And when you mention his name, good, bad or indifferent, people don't want to click and hear what you have to say about him. Right. But the one thing I know about this guy, And I know him a little bit, I don't know him as well as a lot of people do. Right. That man loves his family. He gonna protect his family. Now. Always. Always. And I think, I think when you think about it, And you go back to the way things, things happen with LeBron actually addressing Stephen a court side is well what, what Stephen a said, obviously was said publicly on a public, on a, on a public forum on tv.


So he addressed it the same, the exact same way publicly courtside in the middle of a game. Yes. Yes. Now As, as, as, as a father, You know, and like Stephen a said, he understood where LeBron was coming from. Knowing Stephen a I think in, in the, the individual that he is, LeBron said what he had to say today. I'm sure Stephen a is going to respond to that because he did. If the thing about anytime anyone says anything to or about Stephen a he's going to have an answer to whatever's being said. That's just him. And it's, it's always been him. I know you would like me leave it alone, but I I I don't think that's that, that's not how it's gonna go.


The Only thing I would've said was, Stephen, they look, I know people are gonna like, man, LeBron should have stole on you. LeBron should have did this man. They just talking. Yeah. Stephen a man. You the same man you about, I about to be 57. You about to be 58. But You know that ain't, that ain't even your mo Right. You ain't going fight nobody. I LeBron wasn't gonna swing on you And you wasn't going and, and he, LeBron wasn't gonna swing on you, so there would've been no need for you to swing on him. I'm glad you guys stood there and y'all talked. Look, he said what? He said you seem to be receptive at the time of it. You under seemingly you said you understood because he was speaking to you as a father. Right. And not LeBron James the basketball player. And you seemingly you said you understood that.


Let it go now. Yeah, let it go now. Look, I, I, look, I I, I mean I had issues. I remember I had a conversation with Kevin Durant when he first got created to Phoenix. And I walked into the hotel And I was like, damn, that's Kiki. And he said, oh, lemme holler at you right quick. I said, what's up? Okay. You know I, so, You know, I'm like, damn, I I ain't get no dab, no dab. What? He said, lemme holler at you right quick. Said What's up bro? He said, man, what's it, what it is you, you, you, you you got beef? You don't like me or something? I said, nah, why you say that? He said, man, the the way you talk, I said, KD bro, I'm passionate. I say any, any topic that we discuss on that show. Right, right. I'm very, very passionate.


Yeah. I spent a lot of time researching it And I'm very, very careful to what I say. I said, KD ain't about no like or dislike. I say, I don't know you personally. All I talk about is what you do on the court. That's it. Whatever you may or may not do after the court, I don't give a damn. Right. I said, you can ask your mom. I've had, I've talked to your mom at nauseum or he used to come on the show, I've seen that event. I said, K ain't no like or dislike. I said, I'm just passionate about topic bro. I said, I ain't got no, I don't dislike anybody. 'cause I don't know anybody to dislike him. I, it's not like, like me and Oak. When, when I used to hang out with Oak. Yeah.


Oak used to work out. Charles Ugly, Charles Oakley used to run on the track with us. Oak used to come to the gym and work out with me. Oak And I used to go out to Houston's, that's his, that was his favorite restaurant. The N word always got the cheese toast. Me and Oak had a have, have a relationship. I pick the phony call. I said, I don't know any of these current players like that. Right. I said, but I'm just passionate about topics. I said, bro, I ain't no like or dislike. I said, but if I probably didn't let, if I didn't like you, You know it. Right. He said, all right. He said, man, I just, he said, I just, You know, I said, cool bro. I said, I ain't got no problem with you. I said, anytime, Hey, say hey here, gimme your phone.


We exchanged numbers. Left it at that. Right. He saw I was at the game the other last year, a couple of years ago. I took my daughter to the first, well it might have been this, nah, it was two years ago. But anyway. Yeah. Had to talk to hey, talked to him on the bench. You laugh, he talk. I ain't got no problem with nobody. Ocho And I, And I, and I'm not trying to go for bad or nothing like that. Get back. But that ain't how I am. Right. And guys, I think when guys see me, they know I, I ain't, I ain't all about that man. I'm just, I'm just cool. I just want a vibe. Have a good old time. But I, like I said, I I, I appreciate instead of him Like, You know, Bri on Twitter and, and, and, and, and the internet trying to blow it up. Hey, somebody got a problem with me, just, hey, come to me.


Right. Just come to me. I ain't got no problem. I talk to any, anybody, anybody, anywhere about anything. Yeah. You got a problem with what I said. Why you said that Sha why you said that. Right. Hey, This is why I said, this is why I said that. Go ahead. Right. And You know what I do like though? I'm not sure how the people, I'm not sure how the people in the chat field, but I enjoy when you talk about Kevin Durant, players of that magnitude elite players, I, the, I mean obviously we talk about one of the greatest scores of all time. I love the way Kevin Durant uses social media. I love the way he's so accessible to the people to be the star that he is with LeBron and allow himself to be vulnerable. What LeBron did today, I've never seen LeBron do before.


What he did on the Pat McAfee show, sitting there for an hour straight and actually just being vulnerable talking about everything. I really, really enjoyed that because that's something from LeBron that we've never, that that obviously I've never seen before. And I really, really enjoyed that. And I wish more superstar elite athletes would do that. Be a little bit more open, be a little bit more accessible. And I mean, it was just enjoyable. It was enjoyable to see him outside that, that normal setting of, of not being, not being viewed as the king. If that, if that makes sense. Well, most of the great players are going to be guarded because they're gonna, they're gonna only gonna give you so much, they're gonna only allow you to see so much.


Yeah. Of what they want you to see. Right. If you look at all the great players, they've always been very, very guarded. They're not gonna totally let you inside, especially while they're a current player. But back to this LeBron and Pat McAfee, like you said, Ocho, we're not used to seeing LeBron James sit down Yeah. For an extended period of time. Normally, like when he is in the finals or he is in the playoffs, he would sit down. That's like fi that's like 10 minutes. And it's Always basketball related too. Huh? It's always basketball related. He's, he's literally talking about other stuff going on in life. He's being vulnerable. Let people in something he's never, never ever done before.


Players like that of his magnitude of his status, that allows the world and the public to see what he wants you to, to actually sit down for a change. I guarantee you, if they were to do the numbers on how many people watched that, that Pat Backer show, I bet it's astronomical crazy. Yeah. Because it's something he'd never done. Right. And You know, and to see and to see, like you said, to see him. But that just lets You know that he, and for me, looking at him considering that he had ever, ever done anything like this before, now think about how many people have criticized him. Yeah. And he's never ever done it before.


So that lets You know, he had gotten to a place that he's like, I've had it up to here. Yeah. And I don't know if he knew, I, I don't think he knew Stephen a was gonna come to the game, but he had it in his mind. If he ever saw Stephen a he was gonna step to it, But he got Stephen a number he could have texted or called him if there was an issue, you could have texted or call him. They communicate with each other. Obviously they have some, some, some, some sort of relationship. No, they don't. You don't think so? No. Okay. Well, my bad.


No, but like you said, I mean, What do you mean? No, they don't now as opposed To No, I don't, I I don't think they've ever had a relationship where they pick up the phone and they talk to each other like that. Oh. I don't, I don't think they've ever had that type of relationship. Do I think they've been cordial to each other? I remember, I think I saw something on a, a, an old cliff maybe with you two where Steven, they actually sat down and he interviewed LeBron. Right. But I don't think they're in a situation where they like pick up the phone. They have each other. Okay. They can call each other like that. I don't, I don't know if any LeBron is maybe teammates. I, and, and it could, I could be wrong. Right? I could be wrong, I could be totally wrong.


But I don't know if, if, if LeBron has his number or he has LeBron's number, LeBron is, You know, very, very, very LeBron rock with who he rocked with. And I think once you get to this level, if you hadn't, if, if you haven't developed a friend by now LeBron James ain't letting you in his circle. Right. It, it is really that simple. So he got, he got his friends, You know, rich is his agent. Maverick is his steps chief of staff. Mav is one of his business partners. I'm trying to think who else. He, he, he, Chris Paul, he's very close to Chris. Paul. I think he's the grand, grand, grand godfather to run a CP three that I think if vice versa, the same thing with cp.


Right. But other than that, I don't think LeBron has a whole, a whole lot of what we call, I look at those guys. Like I look at Bucket, like I look at Bucket and burns. Right. He ain't got a whole lot of bucketing burns in his life. You ain't got a whole lot of, You know, tj, your boy, you rock with TJ to, you ain't got a whole lot of them. Yeah. Nah. And I look at LeBron And I think LeBron is is kinda like that, but hopefully hopeful, hopefully, hopefully everybody's made their point. Yeah. LeBron was upset what he said, Steven, they said what I was trying to say.


Sometimes things get lost in translation. It is what it is. But at the end of the day, I think we've got a, we've got a lot of juice. I think both have kind of squeezed that Orange ocho Yeah. And got a lot of juice out of, and then LeBron took a aim at Wendy. Brian Windhorst said, this guy says he's my best effing friend. These guys are just weird. I don't know if Wendy's ever said, I think Wendy went to the same school. He went to ocho. I, I don't think He, I don't think went, I've never heard, And I could be wrong guys. Hell, I was on, I was on undisputed for seven years. Yeah. I didn't hear everything Wendy said. As a matter of fact, I didn't watch anything on anywhere.


All I watched was the games that were on ESNI don't watch any of the debate shows. I don't watch any of the shows that do what I do and I'm gonna be talking about something because I don't want what they say to creep in what i's going to say. So I don't watch it. So Wendy, Chad, if he said that he was LeBron's best friend, I apologize, but I don't recall. And if I misspeak, I apologize to you guys, but I don't believe Wendy has said that he's LeBron best friend. I think because he's covered LeBron for so long, And I think they went to the same school. St. Vincent, St. Mary. He says, I think he said I, I might probably know him better than anyone else, but I, I don't get why, I mean he would say that about Wendy.


Man, you, you never know. I think, I think like, like I said, LeBron is probably, LeBron is fed up. He's, he's, he's on, I'm not saying he is on the way out the door, but he is on the tail end of everything. And now he's opening up a little bit more doing things outta character that he normally wouldn't do, which is giving the people what they want, letting us in, You know, giving us, giving us a glimpse of what's inside the world and mind of LeBron King James And I, I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it. I, I hope he does more of it. I hope other athletes do more of it. You know what, I wish LeBron, I wish LeBron was like Jeff t have you ever heard, have you ever sat and Mr Tell stories?


Yeah, I, LeBron would, it would be, it, it would be an honor for him to take a page outta Jeff t's book and be that blown over and open and just, and just, just give it, just give it the stories. I I would love that. Yeah. LeBron talked about his relationship with MJ while he still has a immense respect for Jordan de pair. Don't talk much these days. I think that would change when he retires from NBA saying, Jordan intense competitive spirit is why the two don't talk much. Now we all know mj, even if you don't know him personally, he's one of the most ruthless competitors there is. And until I'm done and he doesn't have to look at me, run up and down that court wearing the 23.


Every time my name is mentioned, it's mentioned with his, he's like, I don't want to f and talk to you. Do you agree Ocho? I mean that, that's dope. That's dope. This that's the competitor, the competitor nature in mj. I think it's understandable, especially when it comes to him. I think he's, he's not closed off, but MJ and and Kobe are alike in a sense. Koch, MJ and Kobe are alike in a sense. I think their relationship will be much better and a lot closer once LeBron is done playing. Yeah. They go play golf together, go play golf together, smoke cigars, You know, have a little, have a little wine, whatever it is that they do. But right now, while LeBron is actively playing, I don't think him and the MJ just outside of playing the game of basketball and being successful businessman, there's not much for them to talk about.


Right now The only friend I know Jordan got is Oak. I mean, old Oak is his guy now. I've been around Jordan A. Little bit and he is ultra, ultra competitive. Yeah. First thing I be, I mean I want, Hey, you wanna play cards? No, I don't wanna play cards because You know Jordan game, you gotta come down with least a hundred, a hundred, a hundred grand, 200 grand in cash. Oh yeah. He don't play. He do not. Yeah. I was like, no. I said, bro, you not Finn to have me, you not Finn to have me living on the streets. I love my house and it ain't, it ain't your but I ain't trying to keep up with you. No, no. I I don't, I don't play no 5,000 or $50,000 a hand. Hell no. Woo.


No bro. Bro. Guess what? As long as they make shoes when that logo, you got money coming in. I ain't in the NFL no more. I ain't got no more money coming in. You know, I was 35 then I could draw my pension at 62. So I got five another five years before I could get that. Don't you before I take a penalty? Hell no. I ain't gambling with you. As a matter of fact, I'm, I'm mad you ask me that. You know damn well I ain't got no money. Nah, I'm let, I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you and Oh, because I think they play guts. It's kinda like Bre, right? You ever played Bre? No sir. No sir. No sir. Or in between, but nah, hell nah.


He also, LeBron talked about Giannis on P Mac. You tried to tell me Giannis wouldn't be able to play in the NBA games in, in the seventies. Giannis would've had 250 points in a game in the seventies. But let me ask you see you transporting Giannis today back then, Right? Do y'all really know what they did? Did y'all see those fights? How many people got, got to go down the lane? See the stuff that they called, they called foul. Now there wasn't no foul. Right? There was nobody getting suspended for slapping an inch outta somebody. Right? There was no, I mean there was no, I mean, what did Car Malone put? 44 stitches in Isaiah head. You still think you wanna come down the lane?


Yeah. Do y'all remember the the, the finals in 84? Yeah. When Larry, when Larry bur with, who was that? Kevin Mikhail snatched Kurt Rambus sand out the sky. Yeah. Yeah. And it wasn't a flagrant, it wasn't nothing if nobody was suspended, you can't take the modern play because Ocho you talking about technology And you talk about the modernization. Yes. If you transform young as today and put him back then looking at as Yeah, What player couldn't, what player. If I take ocho if I take you today, You know what, You know in the technology that you've been able to develop and put you back in the seventies, man, OCHO will kill it.


Yes. Yeah, Yeah. Modernization. That's unfair. Yeah. I I think from with LeBron And just like, it's unfair. One more thing O Joe, just like, it's unfair to say, oh man, Jordan played today, he averaged 50. Let's, how about this? Let's leave everybody in the era in which they, they played in Giannis plays in the two to the two th 2010s and 2020s. Right? LeBron has been in the two thousands to 2010s and now the 2020s. Let's leave everybody that because it's unfair. Yeah. It's unfair. Look, I get it. And it's, it's, it's, it's a, a, a, a, a conversation.


But come on, because we're Rob, we're not, we're not being fair to the guys that played in that era. That was great. Right. Because it's almost like if, if you talk about these guys, like you're trying to minimize them And I get mad at the old guys for trying to minimize the current players. Guys, you were great. Nobody's trying to rob you of that. You were great. These guys are great. The guys in the sixties that were great, the guys in the seventies were great guys in the eighties. Right. But it's unfair ocho Yeah. I mean, I mean, listen, I understand what LeBron was saying. Obviously he is e exaggerated a little bit.


But if you look at the, the, the players from back then, I know just being honest from a technical standpoint, from a physical standpoint, I know what they did in between the lane and being physical and You know, slapping and punching all that. But you're thinking about Giannis and Giannis today and it it, oh my goodness, that athletic ability, It's called technology ocho, you got an opportunity to work on things, right? Yeah. Guys didn't have, didn't have modern medicine, they didn't have technology. Think about when you ruptured Achilles, you were done. You tore a knee, you were done. You had that big as bulky knee brace. That big djo on, it's different now. We got modern medicine, we know how to eat, we know how to train. We have personal trainers and physio.


Those guys in the sixties and seventies and eighties didn't have the money to have all of this stuff. Right. LeBron, when you making $50 million in basketball and another 75, $80 million off the court, you could have a chef that prepares every meal to your specifications. Right? Right. You can have a physio, you can have a Mike Macias as LeBron as, excuse me, as Jordan had, Tim, Grover, Tim And I. Good. Tim And I, we still, we text a lot now, but it's different. It's not fair that you try to compare this era to that era or that era to this era.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with future health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight, weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health, future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world-class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the Murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano, you should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gin until core processors upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


Oh boy. Damien Lier was diagnosed with blood clots In his right calf. Ah. He's the third player this year to have blood clot issues in 2022. The playoffs. No, Chris Middleton in 2023. Giannis plays two out of five games in 2024. Dame and Giannis both were injured. Dame is out indefinitely. Should the Bucks be thankful that Giannis had all time finals run in 2022? I mean 2021 Because it seemed like ever since then, at some point in time a key player has been injured. Yes, Chris Middleton was injured. Then there was a couple years that Giannis was injured and then you had Giannis and Dam both injured and now Dame is injured and the Bucks are not going anywhere without just, with just Giannis.


First of all, he's not gonna be at the Cal without him and he is not gonna be able to beat, he's not gonna be able to beat the Celtic. He damn hell he, he wasn't gonna probably be able to beat the Celtics with Dame. With Dame, yeah. Let alone with him. Without him. I'm not so sure they could beat the nets without Dame. The, the days of one guy dominating a series and winning the whole that that's over. Yeah. Okay. You forget all about that. Yeah, I mean it's unfortunate. It is unfortunate. Obviously it's very, very serious when Moama has something similar to this. If I'm not mistaken, I don't know if the diagnosis is exactly the same, but obviously it's a blood clot. I'm glad they were able to catch it. It it sucks. It sucks for the bucks. It sucks for the organization and it most definitely sucks for Damian litter and his family.


I'm hoping a speedy recovery for him, especially something like this is, is very, very serious. Especially when it comes to the Oh yeah, you on blood thinners And you probably go, you'll build blood thinner the rest of his life. Man, Man, that, that, that, that sucks man. I I, I I hope we, I hope he gets better fast Man. The Lakers fall to the magic 1 0 9 98. The Lakers win three with three losses in a row. They lost seven out of their last 10 ball games they lost to Boston, Brooklyn. Milwaukee, Denver. Then they won three straight beat. Phoenix, San Antonio. Denver. Then they lost another three straight Milwaukee, Chicago, and Orlando. The Lakers bench was outscored 30 to 14, which was an issue.


The Lakers gotta do a better job of guarding Watch this game from start to finish. Yeah. They're just not guarding. They're just not Now look, they're about a year or two away. Orlando Paulo Bon Carro. Waner. Yeah. Oh, they legit. Oh they they legit, legit. Yeah, They legit, legit. Van Carro had 30, Wagner had 32 and then they got black, came up the bitch and gave him 17. But they are legit. The Lakers gotta do a better job of defending. It's really that simple. They didn't shoot the ball well they shot about 46%. They shot 28 free throws. The free throw was pretty close.


10 or 32 from the three point line. The difference was Orlando shot damn near 50% from the floor. You're not gonna beat a team if you allow 'em to shoot 50% from the floor. And, but everything was, was really close. I mean Orlando had 43 rebounds, 12 offensive. The Lakers had 39 11 offensives. But the only difference I could really see O Joe Yeah. Was that third quarter. Got 'em again every time the Lakers had a two point lead at the half and then they get out scoring the third quarter by about 14, 16 and it's the third quarter. Again, JJs gonna have to push some different buttons because they come out lackadaisical and they let the team go on the run. And it's, it's hard to reattach yourself to 'em when they go, when they get a streak like that.


But give Orlando credit, they won their, and as a matter of fact, they, they broke the, they stopped Cleveland, they went on the road. Yeah. Cleveland had a 1617 game wind streak. They went into their building and they won. So the rec, they're better that their record would indicate. Right. But the problem was Ben car got hurt at one point in time. Lagner got hurt at one point in time, so they haven't been able to play an extended period of time together. But this is a good team. Don't let, don't let their record fool you. But the Lakers have to be disappointed. They gotta play better than fourth spot right now. They're two and a half, I think two and a half games outta the second spot.


But tonight again it was defense. They gave up 146 Saturday night and they gave up 118 tonight and they had been playing really, really good defense up until that point. Okay. Now with everything that you said there in fourth right, they lost the night. You understand the problems and the wol that the Lakers are having, they inconsistencies they want to run. You are understanding their woes coming outta halftime in the third quarter. Allowing teams always going to run. Yep. Now think about everything you just said. I want now I want your honest answer and your honest opinion. Okay. The steal legacy five, Five niggas are five.


Look, that's fixable. Look, that's, that's fixable ocho. That's something like look guys, we've gotta do a better job of defending. Yes sir. And, and and And you can't, guys can't get broken down off the first dribble. Right. You get broken down into the first dribble. Now you compromised 'cause helps coming and now they swing the ball, they're getting wide open threes or they're getting uncontested layups. So you can't get broken down off the first dribble. They gotta out scored 34 to 18 in the third quarter. I mean there's no, there in no way should Lakers team that got Luca DCI and LeBron James on the court only score 18 points in a quarter. Yeah. And if you only score 18, you better make sure they don't, they don't score more than 22.


Because if you do that, And I get it, the Lakers, I think they played what seven games. Well at one point in time had seven games in 10 days. But we don't do excuses here. You either win or you lose. It's a very short on sports menu at my restaurant. Only thing I got on my menu is dos and Ls. That's all you can order. Right. You can't order excuses 'cause I don't serve it. So the Lakers are gonna have to find a way to play better in the third quarter. They're gonna have to find a better way to find a better way to defend. Right. Because this is not, this is not acceptable. This is not acceptable. I mean look at all these minuses. Dorian Finn Smith minus six, LeBron minus 17. Jackson Hayes minus 10, Luca minus nine.


Officer Reeves minus seven. Every starter was minus hell. As a matter of fact everybody was minus. That's not good enough. You can't, you can't win. You can't win like that. No. There's nowhere around. You can't win like that. And when you take Jackson Hayes out, bro is basically playing the five too small of a lineup. Yeah. I mean maybe, maybe the last two, three minutes, four minutes of a ball game you can run this lineup. But not when they go in bank. Not when they go in Ban Carroll. Not when they go Wendell Carter. Not when they go Bronze Wagner Too small. Yeah, it's just too small. Reddick admitted the Lakers looked tired tonight.


We weren't able to sustain the level of intensity we started the game with. They did. They scored 30 in the first quarter. 30 in the second quarter. 60 they had a two point lead. 60 to 58 in the half. But then again out of the third quarter here come Orlando, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yep. And there you go. Same quarter every time. Maybe they play some different music that they have. Huh? They need to do something 'cause this ain't getting it done. No, this ain't getting it done. I mean and what's their record? So that's 50, that's 61 to 71 games. They only got 11 games left ocho. Yeah. You supposed to be gearing up. You supposed to be playing your best ball heading into the playoffs.


Not, You know, maybe they left a little bit on the look 'cause at one point they were like 18 and three Oh won a bunch of games. You don't want to be sliding going into the playoffs. Right. You want be playing your best ball heading into the playoffs. But this performance was unacceptable and, and Don Connect only played five minutes. But I think a lot of that has to do with his look, his defense intensity. I mean he needs to understand. I mean he just gets lost is like, And I and And I could tell JJ is JJ doesn't like minimal mistakes. Yeah. That irks him. 'cause he's a perfectionist and he wants guys like guys we went over this.


That's why I couldn't coach. We went over this. The guy comes, okay you stay on that guy, don't try to fight over the top and lead the guy on a wide open three. So Lakers got some problems, nothing they can't solve. They got what ano three more games on this road trip. I think they got a four game road trip before they turn back to the Crip. I know that hurt that that I know, I know that those road trips back to Back Indiana Four psychosis. Yeah. Yeah. So they got, they got, they got a way. They got, they got, they got three more games on the road Ocho before they turn return home, they need to be play better than what they played tonight or what They definitely what they played against the bulls.


Yeah. But they picked right up where they left off not playing defense. They started with great intensity in the first half, but that waned in the third quarter and that was really the undoing of them, The Volume.


This is Ashley Neddy from the Ben and Ashley I almost, same as podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay. So we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bose premium sound system plays your favorite music as the murano's massaging leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive. The all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas verse Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at davids bridal.com.