
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Texas Longhorns beat the Arizona State while Sun Devil in an OT thriller. A double OT thriller. The number five, Texas squandered. A 16 point lead in the fourth quarter. Missed two field goals in the final two minutes of regulation and still somehow managed to escape with a 39 31 double overtime win over the number four seed Arizona State in the Peach Bowl. The chick for Lake Bowl ocho. Hey, I know, sorry. As I just texted him. Congratulations. I wanna try to get him on here, one of these over the next couple of days. So maybe we can, we can, we can get him on there. Yeah, he's fly. They're flying back now, so.


Or we had his ass over here. Hand him on here tonight. But man, this was a game ocho. This is how it's supposed to be. Ain't nobody trying to see no double digit, everybody winning by double digit. Listen, listen, listen. I thought, I thought it was, listen, the way It started out on, I thought Arizona State was gonna get blowed out. Now I, Hey, I did Too. This 14, what was it, 14 to, what was it? 14th? Three Three 14th. Yeah, but they, man, they jumped out on top of them boys' head. I'm like, oh ma'am, I'm finna turn the channel. I'm finna turn the channel. And then obviously things started to change. Things started to move. And I don't know what's wrong with college kickers. Hell, I don't even know what's wrong with NFL kickers. You have one job, you do one thing the entirety.


Day of practice, you kick the ball. That's it. Texas kicker almost cost them almost caught the missed two key field goals that could have sealed the win. Now they did win the game, but ain't no telling what, what could have happened. Ain't no telling what could have happened. That goddamn damn cam. How, how you say y'all young bull last night to run on the state? Sbo, sbo, Sca sbo, Gabo. Is it sbo? Because they were, they were saying sbo, they say sbo. I mean, I'm confused How many, you know what I'm gonna call him. I'm gonna call him SCA pack. I'ma call, I'ma call him. Scam scam cam sca pack.


He nice boy. He, He, He nice. He's a senior too. He coming out, huh? Oo, cambo. Okay. Cam sca. Cam ska back scatter boot. I know you probably gonna see this. I know you probably watching the show. Listen, if you don't see it, I know my son gonna let you know. Boy, you the real deal boy. You hear me? He a senior Uhuh? Yeah, I think so. He a senior. Well, we have, you know, you belong, you belong You, he, he run the ball. Like he, he belong the police. He's supposed to play for the ravens Of, of the Browns. Yeah. He supposed to play For Raven Brown. He be, he gonna, he gonna be a rarity. He gonna be one of the white running back. Yep. We gonna see, they don't come along very often. Not often, but normally when they come along though, Joe, hey, You know, you know know.


He gonna be like, I, I'ma i'ma give you a good name right here. Tell me if you remember this. Peyton Hillers. Yeah. Little paid Hillers. Don't give up. Run hard. If you get no way. He, he can shake you a little bit. He got, he got a little, he got a little, little move to him now. Well, you remember Hillers was in that backfield with Darryl McFadden and the the other kid that went to that went to the Cowboys. Yeah. What's the other guy name? I mean, they were, they were doing it. Remember Fadden and what's his, I can't think of the guy's name. What's what's the guy's name? Guy?


I know y'all people talking about Toby Gerhardt, the old Cardinal, Stanford Cardinal. What's he was at Arkansas. Felix Jones. Oh, I Remember Felix. I remember Felix Jones. Yeah. Yeah. Derek McFadden. Yes. All that was in the backfield. Yeah. Yes, yes. But this is where our game's supposed to be. Quinn, yours, 20 or 33. 33, 22. Three touchdowns is one of receptionists. They didn't run the ball particularly well. 30 carries 53 yards. Golden had a big catch seven for buck 49. Helm had three for 56.


And Mm. Coach I think Arizona State's gonna be kicking themselves. They kinda, I think they kinda let this one go. Yeah. You can't let that guy get over your head in that situation, Ocho, that, that, that touchdown, that first touchdown in ot. Yeah, Ocho, you can't let him, you Can't. I mean, that's that. You just can't, that should have been the number one rule from the coach. Keep everything in front of you. Everything the number wrong rule Ocho the number one rule late in the ball game. Nothing cheap, nothing deep. Yeah. Keep it in front of you. Nothing cheap, nothing deep. Yeah. I don't care if he catch a, I don't care if he catch a 50 yard ride in front of me.


It's when you try to be the hero and get you a cheap kick. Yeah. That gets you in trouble. Ain't no way safety. You the last line of defense. If he's even with you, you rap. It's wrong. It's a wrap. Hey Ocho, it was fought down. What? The 13 Ocho? You cannot give that up. You can't. Oh, ocho my heels on the gold line. I'm thinking, as a matter of fact, I think they throwing a hail Mary because I ocho I'm on the gold line. My heels on the gold line. I knock it down. Knock it down. You not, you're not getting right. I'm not gonna give you no cheap to Yeah, Man.


Yeah. I, I i, I don't wanna, I don't even wanna blame the coaches. I don't wanna blame coaching as a player in that situation. You gotta have some type of awareness, some type of awareness and understanding. Understand the situation that you are in and know. You just, you can't be, you can't get beat. Not in that situation at all. And if any, if I am, let me make a great play, but let me be in position. Yeah. He gonna make the play. At least let me be in position. And me, he have to make a great play, you know, to catch that Man. I was like, oh my goodness. Oh, fourth and 13 you give up that.


But I think Arizona State showed that they belong. Oh yeah. Everybody was like, well, they didn't belong that week conference and they didn't do this and this team didn't do that. They play, they gave Texas all they could handle. They Definitely belong. They and more ocho When you watch Quinn yours, what, what, what you think, You know, it, it, it is, it's hard to tell, it's hard to tell at this level. Obviously. To me, if you have enough, if you have enough talent around you, enough players at this kind of level, any quarterback can look good. Huh. So what kind of quarterback is, is yours, is this type of quarterback that go to the NFL and elevate the talent around him?


Or is the kind of quarterback where he needs the talent around him that to be able to elevate? Yeah. I, I don't see him elevating anybody. I really don't. And the mere fact that he's thinking about coming back lets, you know, because normally guys whoa, whoa. Well come back. Where I, he gonna come back to Texas or he gonna transfer? He might, I don't see him going to Leave. He not finna see the field before With Arch Manning Arch. Yeah. Oh no. I mean, he probably, if he gonna come back, he's probably gonna come back somewhere else. But I doubt it's Texas because I he not gonna be Arch manning out. I mean, I've been reading, I don't know if these reports are true ocho but I've been reading that this some, some, some team, some some college team got $6 million in NIL money for Him. Okay. I mean, Okay.


That, That's, I just, when when I just watch him, I'm like, bro, that ball that he threw, that got picked, I'm trying to figure out the Loaf, the loof. That he loafed it. Yes. That hospital ball. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I know, I don't know. He was, I still don't know where he was throwing it because the backside safety and the front side was there. Right. So I'm just trying to figure out, so, okay, well, well who, what did you see? What did you, what did You think you saw? I, I know what did happen on that play right there. They ran it in practice multiple times. And in practice it was open in practice. You know why it was open? You know why it was open? Tell tell the people at home what they say. They tell us. So the safety to do what? Jump the underneath. Yeah. So we can throw the ball over you.


Hell, That's exactly what he did. That's why. Anyway, instead of understanding and reading your coverage, you know, and you just letting the ball go and it's not open. Because that's the, that's what happens. What happens is we, hey, you go draw the thing up and there's the guy circle. Okay, we wanna throw the ball. Now the guy that's running the scout team say, Hey, safety, you drunk the crossing route and we gonna throw the pulse over your head. Boom. Well come game time. Hey, can you drop this over? Can you drunk this over round so we can throw the post behind your head? He gonna read it, right? Duh. You should read it. But you see what happens, Don Joe, when you make your mind up pre-snap that you throwing the ball.


Yeah. That's what happens. Yeah. That's what happens. He had his mind made up. I'm throwing this post no matter what, bro, ain't no way you in hell. You read that and said, you know what, I'm throwing this. And then he throws it in like a pun. Yeah, That's gotta be on the line. But even if it was on the line, first of all, that was targeted too. 'cause the backside guy left his feet and hit the guy in the chest. Yeah, but they didn't, hey, they didn't wanna like, nah, we can't call that target, blah, blah, blah. Because they returned the favor because by the letter of the law, the Texas guy targeted, but they didn't want to impact the game in that way. He just said, oh, no targeting. But that was absolute target. Yeah. He, I mean, they wouldn't, he wouldn't help it.


Hell but yeah. And the other guy left his feet. He launched, they said, you can't launch himself and hit the guy in the neck of the shoulder area. He launched and they say, you can't use your helmet, your helmet to crown of your helmet to make a tackle. He went to helmet, the helmet with the guy. But it was like, man, we can't, we can't impact this game like this here. They, they, They, they pick and choose. They pick and choose when the call it act. Absolutely right. They Gotta find some level of consistency. When you making these calls. Texas had 375 total yards. Arizona State had 510 total rush yard. Texas had 53. Arizona State had two 14. Quinn ERs was 20 of 33, 32, 3 touchdowns, one inception.


Sam Levitt, 24 46. 2 22. No touchdowns. One inception. But that last interception, Muhammad made a great play. Give him credit. I mean, sometimes O Joe, we keep blaming, we keep blaming the quarterback, man, you threw that, blah, blah, blah. But you know, the defensive guy, they they steadied him too. He made a hell of a play Very Good. And, and he didn't settle. Was just trying to break it up. He caught the ball, he caught it. And it's okay. You know, I, I, you know, Hey, 84, you gotta make that play. Hey coach, you get paid too. You think, you think Bronco player is the only one to make money in nfl, right? They don't. And they study for and they got coaches too.


Oh, okay. Yeah. So, hey, I understand I'm supposed to make the play, but you know, it's, it's the NFL. Everybody can make a play. I'm gonna win, win, win more than I lose. Yeah. But hey, that guy made a hell of a play on that interception at, to, to, to seal this victory on Joe. They did. But you can't get beat on fourth and 1302 over the top court two. You cannot. You can't. Oh, elto, you cannot. No. I was like, bro, I said, are you, I said, are you serious? That, That should have been now, that, that should have been a conversation had with the d the, not just the head coach, the defensive coordinator, the DV coach, the secondary coach.


The who, the man up upstairs in the booth don't get bit beat deep. You can't, you can't Nothing cheap, nothing deep. I am not you, you will not complete this ball over my head. You're not. Because Ocho at worst case scenario, I'm gonna make you line it up again. Right. And try to run another series of downs in order to get the ball in the end zone. Right. Now the only thing, the only thing you can hope is that once that guy gets over your head, either Quinn, you were under throws him, or the guy drops the football. Yeah. But you, but hey, now inside of your hands.


See, I want, I want to play in my hands. Ocho. Right? I want to play in my hands. I get him on the ground. That's all I gotta do. Get him on the ground. Well, you get him on the ground in the end zone, it's still a touchdown. You don't get no tackle for that. You gotta tackle him in the field of play. Right. Or push his ass out of bounds in order for you to get a tackle. Once he in the end zone, guys. And so can guys do me a favor, college kid. If a guy get a first down, can y'all celebrating? What did you Do? Hey, come on. Huh? Wait a minute now. Come on now. You get that first Down. Oh, Joe, the guy got the first down. You Get the first down. When you get that first down, you got a No, I'm talking about the defense. Oh, the defense. Oh, okay. Yeah. You got a big hit on somebody. He got a first down.


Oh, I thought, I thought you made a receiver. Okay. Okay. No, no. I'm like, bro, I'm like, what the baby, I missed something. I said, let me rewind this 'cause I wanna see what you did. It's still a first down. Yeah. No, look, look, these college kids, they gonna celebrate that. I don't mind 'em celebrating. And plus ocho, if you make a tackle, I mean, if as a defender, what's your job? Make a tackle. Yeah. You can't celebrate every tackle. I mean, if you get a, if you get a sack ocho tackle tackle For Loss. Yeah. Tackle for a loss. You get a sack ocho or a big key third down, you know, you want do this. I get all that.


But bro, the guy get three, four yards and you jump up celebrating. Come on now. Now we, we, we doing way too much with this like That. They, they having a good time out there, man. Gee, Scatter boo got backpack man. 30 carries 143 yards. Two Russian touchdowns, eight catchers, a 99 yards. Had that guy not pulled his face mask, he gonna drag his, you know what, into the end zone, Ocho scatter bowl was so outstanding. Yep. He was named Peach Bowl offensive player of the game. Yeah. Scott. Eight. You don't see that very often. Your Name is Scat Pack. Scatter Bull Ka Pack Pac Gotta boo SCA PAC Pack.


Well, SCA Pac did something that you don't see very often. A guy winning def defense winning offensive player of the game from a losing team. Yeah. Yeah. It's only happened, you know, Jerry West, Jerry West, the first year they gave out finals. MVP in 1969, Jerry West won the award on a losing squad. They lost his championships. Four, three in the final game, they lost on their home court again. Now you gotta go back to the end of football. Chuck Howley, he won Super Bowl MVP on a losing squad, they lost 16, 13 to the coast. Chuck Howley was the MVP. That's the only time that I can remember somebody from the losing squad winning an award.


Yeah. Now, I'm not saying that maybe it's happened, I don't know if in baseball and somebody's won the World Series MVP from the losing squad. I don't, I have to go way back, but I don't, I don't remember it. That's what I don't think it's happened in, in, in, in the last 25, 30 years. But it just goes to show you just how outstanding that the, this gentleman was from the Sun Devils running and catching the football. He was, he was. He be he be he belongs. When you're able to perform like that against a team like that, it lets you know you belong regardless of the conference you play in.


Oh, yeah. But you could, you can tell guys that the talent shined above. Oh yeah. You can tell. I mean, he, okay, that's an SEC defense. Right. And he went, got a book 30. He went and, but got a a, a buck 43 on him, and he almost had a hundred yards receiving. So he had what, 200 and what's that? 242 yards of total offense. That ain't bad in two touchdowns against an SEC defense Look good When, when, when you go, when you go play. And if you at a small school or show, if you play a upper level, say you go to division two and you play FCS or you FFC s and you play D one.


Right. The talent is shine through Darius Leonard, when he played Clemson, he was at South Carolina State. He had 29 tackles. Oh, he can play.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft of to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe. And a subject to monthly limits timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs.


I played Georgia Southern. There was a, they were the, the one AA national championship the year we played them. I dropped 2 0 2 on them. Oh. He could play Elon was the NIA national championship the year before I dropped 2 21 on them. Oh, damn. He did that. And you know what this is, this is another conversation that I always like to have. Where, where we young players coming outta high school, they're, they're always so focused on all their offers and where they're going. And I, I, I say it again. If you really like that, if you really like that and you, and you feel you're as good as you, you are, it really don't matter where you go. You can put up performances like that, which you were able to do against better tv, which you were able to do better talent.


Oh yeah. For sure. Or being like Scat Pack and coming out there and performing very well. You know, they ocho I think a lot of times when you cut on the TV and you see that, that horse you pack. Yeah. Or you see 108,000 at Texas a and m you see a hundred thousand at Georgia. You see 93,000 at Alabama. Right. You see 105,000 at Tennessee. Dang. Kids like I wanna play in front of that. I, that's all I, I mean, I, I, you know, that's, that's what I, I want, that's what I wanna know, Joe. See, I, because that's what I saw on television. I didn't see no HBC. Right. But see, I understand what you're talking about. But then now we, we go into the issue of, okay, I wanna go to these big schools where they have players that have been there before me.


And they, I get there and they tell me, oh, I gotta wait my turn. Or I might not touch the field as much because we have so and so and he has seniority over you. Not about, you know what, I'm coming in here to compete for the job, but you mean to tell me he has seniority over me, so he probably gonna play before me instead of let me have an opportunity to beat him out regardless of what, what, what his grade level is. Junior. They have a choice. It don't matter. Oh, they had to play me ocho. Oh, you think Jeremiah Smith was gonna go to Ohio State and have to sit behind somebody that's a senior G because they been there for what, two for three, three or four years and shit. Man, please. Hey, you better get a up out of that then. 'cause hey, you know who coming?


Hey, hey. They had to play me ocho. Yeah. Oh, what you thought. Oh, I was one of the future freshman that travel. Right. I ain't just traveling. Oh, you could travel this week, man. Travel to do what? Stand on the sideline of my uniform. Oh, hell no. Mm. And and, and, and, and and the first game, the first game we played Ocho our first home game. Yeah. Man, I was so embarrassed. Ocho, I caught a go ball ocho. Right. 56 yards got tackled on the one On you got My first catch in college. Hold on. What? Hold on. What you embarrassed for? Man, that's supposed to be a 57 yard touchdown. Not a 56 yard catch.


Which explain. Ain't Steve got a St. Stiff you man. You gotta catch that thing and you know, get that, get that stiff arm back behind him. O ocho it felt like, I mean, it felt like I was running, it felt to me like I was running a slow bullshit. I was like, damn, if somebody pulling the ends on away from me. Damn Ocho the game that you just watched, the Ohio State Buckeyes took apart the number one team in the country, the Oregon Ducks, 41, 21 in the Rose Bowl, Oregon. Excuse me. Ohio State's gets their revenge. It was one of their two losses on the season. Yeah. They lost earlier in the year to Oregon. In Oregon. But tonight they were really no match.


Jeremiah Smith set the stage early. He had seven catches, a buck, 87 and two touchdowns. Yeah. But this was really a mismatch from the word jump. And I think this is what's so frustrating about Ohio State because you see what they can be. Now this is the team that took away, took apart the number one team in the country by 20 by three touchdowns and lost on their own home field by a team that they were favored by three touchdowns. That's what's frustrating about them. And I think that's what, but Ryan Day give him credit. We've been very critical of him. Not critical. We were critical of the game that he lost. Right. Losing to Ohio, losing to Michigan, year in and year out. Having that level of talent that you've had.


Think about the quarterbacks that they had. Think about the wide receivers. Think about the D Lyman. Think about the, the, the DBS from the Denzel Awards and the Jeff o Cudas and all those guys that's come out there. Yes, sir. And you ain't got no national championship, no national championship forth, all those receivers. Yes, sir. Marvin Harrison, Jr. Jackson Smith and Jig. You got Crystal Lo, you got Garrett Wilson. Look at those D lineman from Chase Young, the Nick Bosa. Look at those quarterbacks, Justin Fields. And you have rest his soul. What's the guy that that lost his life tragically? Dwayne Haskins. You had the other quarterback and they, so I, you can understand why people are like, hold on, come on Coach Day.


You got this level of talent. They had a a, a top what, top six, top seven pick last year at the offensive tackle position. Yeah. They're like, coach day, you got this level of talent. Right. And you losing to Michigan and you ain't got no national championship. But all will be forgiven if he takes this thing and, and, and, and, and finish it out. But the Ohio stake look good today. Ocho they ran the ball. Well, they threw the ball. Well, they stopped mic, I mean, not high, high powered offensive Oregon. Yeah. It looks very, it looked very pedestrian, very mundane. It Did. Oh, listen, I, I, I don't know, may, may, maybe I could be wrong, but I think, I think the week, the week off, I think it did more harm than good for 'em to be as flat as they look today. As well as organs played all season long being the number one team in the country.


And the way they showed up today, that had to be a little bit of rust. And not only was it a little bit of rusts, but it was too late. And there was no room for the rust when you planned somebody like Ohio State, who had a point to prove after losing the first time they met earlier in the season. And that's exactly what they got. Right. Jeremiah Smith, he said ahead of time that if you play 1 0 1, you Play mad cover. Hey, If you play 1 0 1, you're not gonna be able to cover me. He went out there and did exactly what he was supposed to do and handled his business. The funny thing about it, people don't, people right now are talking about Jere Jeremiah Smith and how great he is and how good he is. And he's prob right now, even as a freshman, probably the number one receiver in the country right now as a freshman. Oh, I've been watching Young Bull at Shaman down there in Miami, you know, for a few years.


He'd been like that in little league. He was like that at Ohio Point. He is like that. When he get drafted into the NFL, he's still gonna be like that. He been like that for a long time. Outside of that man, Ohio State looked very, very well. Again, hoping Coach Ryan Day can finish the task at hand. And for all the great players that have come through Ohio, Ohio State, they can have, they can hoist that trophy at the end of the day. Yeah. Oh, CJ Sri was a quarterback. Yeah. You had CJ Stro no national championship. Yeah. Justin Fields, no national championship. Dwayne Haskins, no. National championship. That's three quarterbacks. Take it in the first round. Three, two, now Olave first round pick.


Yes, sir. Gary Wilson. First round pick Jackson Smith and Jig. But first round pick Marvin Harrison, Jr. First Round pick, chase Young, the number two pick Nick bso, the number two pick Jeff O Cuda. Denzel War. Yeah. Come on now. Ocho Yeah. Come on Ocho. I mean, people a they make it seem like we just making stuff up. Right? You got that level of talent right. Year in and year out and you ain't won no national championship and people like, oh, oh, they're being too hard. Well, and you lose to Michigan. I don't think I, I personally don't think that's a stretch. Right. When you got that level of talent that's coming out year in and year out consistent, and you're underachieving consistent, you, there's no other there.


There's no other way around it. Ocho Coach Day, you did a phenomenal job of having this team prepared and from the word jump. I have a question. Huh? Do you still, is it, is it considered underachieving the fact that you've had all these quality players year in and year out? Is it still underachieving simply because you haven't won a national championship but the seasons have Yes, the seasons have been Success. Oh, Joe, I'm, I didn't ask. I'm asking. Oh, think about it. You got offensive player of the year. Offensive player of your offensive player to your, think about you got quarterbacks. Yes. CJ Troub, Justin Fields, and you had Dwayne Atkins, right, in SEC session. Yes Sir. You think about, you had Jackie Smith and Jig, but you had Gary Wilson, you had on Loy, you had Marvin Harrison Jr.


In Succession. And a lot of those guys played together. You had a Chase Young, you had Nick Boer. Yeah. A Jeffo Coda didn't say on Ward. Come on bro. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm with you, Bro. That's 10, bro. That's ten first round picks right there. I I'm, And I said the same thing about Coach Saban. Coach Saban said that the, the fans in, in, in Ohio State are psychotic. I asked Coach Saban this, if you had consistently lost to Auburn and you got Julio and you got Calvin Ridley, and you got Judy and you got rugs and you got Waddle and you got Devonte Smith and you got Amari Cooper and you got those quarterbacks, you got to, you got Mike, Josh Young.


You got, what's the guy that went to New England? Not, not Jones. Mack Jones Jones. Mack Jones. Mack Jones. Okay. You got him. Now you got, and plus you got, what's the guy, Derrick Henry. And you got IG Harris, you got Damien Harris come bro. And I ain't gonna talk about the defense. Right. I ain't gonna talk about what they got that that wasn't fair. And you win no national championship record. Even after a couple of years of Coach Saban and Alabama fans, y'all know this, even after a couple of years of not winning the national championship after he had done won four or five. Yes sir. They said Coach Saban and lost his fastball. That man had got four or five national championships. And they saying that with the talent, right?


You got Quin Williams and you got Allen and you got all those guys. See, man, you better a you better you a, when you have that level of talent, Ocho, I mean, think about Alabama, the level of talent that they put out every single year. Right. Ohio State ain't far behind. The only difference is Alabama has, has won in the last 15 years, has won six national championships, played for another three. That's the difference between them and Ohio State. And you know what, what I would love to hear, especially in the chat, and then probably people that are gonna watch this after the fact and, and hear us talk about this and saying that Ohio State is underachieved based on the level of talent that they've had in succession there without winning the national championship.


I'm curious to hear rebuttals and with the not excuses, but the reason behind why they haven't won will be, and you know, people always find a way they come up with something, I don't wanna call them excuses, but they, there are valid reasons depending on what they may be. But whatever reason, I'm curious to hear what they have to say. Quinn ERs has received a $6 million offer to enter the transfer portal rather than heading into the NFL draft this spring, according to on three multiple power four schools are working to get ERs and the portal ahead of the final, his final year of college eligibility, 6 million for one year.


Ocho. Yeah. He, He got, he got, he gotta come back. He, he has to come back and continue to work on this game. 'cause when you watch court, when you watch yours, I need your play to pop out on the screen. Yes. I needed to pop out. When you watch the Joe Burrow in college, you watch the C Stride in college. When you watch other quarterback like the cam Ward, they pop out on screen. There's something special about those individuals special. So if he needs to come back another year, no matter, no matter where it is, and you know, pop out on, I agree with you. I agree with you Ocho, I don't see special, I see a good college quarterback. Right. But I don't see special.


Right. I don't see, I don't see, man, a must have a guy that say like, boy, they get him. He going to great. He's gonna, he's gonna drastically change the fortunes. I don't see that. Right. Right Now, let's see, let's see. I mean, he might come back and get better because nobody saw that. If you'd asked teams that were going to look at Joe Burrow before he came back for C year. Right. Joe Burrow didn't see seem special, but he came back for that year. He was special Mac Jones. Hell, if Mac Jones, Joe come to get that one year, Mac Jones ain't no first. Ain't no first round big. Right. Right. So Sometimes look and I, Hey, I don't blame people. Like, well look what? Yes. Okay.


Now can he make it happen? You're throwing to Devonte, you got Najay, you got Waddle. Right. You know, you got, Hey, you got a very, very talented team. It just goes to show you just how good he was. 'cause he kept Bryce Young on the bitch and we see Bryce Young the next year won the Heisman. Hey. And also look at the talent. This what, this is what I like about Bryce too. Now we saw him, we saw Bryce win the Heisman, but you look at the talent that Bryce had around him. So yeah, for sure he got got the Carolina, he thought something was wrong with him. Then he gets benched. He come back after getting benched and I don't know what the hell happened.


I don't know what type of prayer. He said. Now he's back to playing great football. Look like the bright young we saw in college. Even in the losing he's in, even in losing efforts at a team and as a quarterback, he looks completely, totally different than he did when he first started. He did. He does. They just need to give him some talent. If you look at the quarterbacks that performed well, look at CJ Stro. Look at what he was throwing the tank. Dale and Nico College. Look at what he was throwing to, yeah. Okay. Look at Caleb Williams. He got Roman Dunay first round pick. He got DJ Moore who just signed the contract. Extens. He got Keenan Allen. Look at, look at what Daniels.


Yeah, Jayden. Look at what he's thrown into. Damn. I mean, y'all want the man to come out. Hey, I don't care. Even Peyton, Matt, Peyton, Manny had Marvin Harrison when he got there. He had Marvin Harrison. He had Ken Dilger, I mean, and he had Marshall Fa Crazy. Yes. As a rookie. He had two first ballot Hall of Famers as a rookie. That's a luck Of Draw. Ken Dilger had been the pro. There's another, I forget the guy's name. Oh my goodness. The other tight end. As a matter of fact, the Nicole had two tight ends to make the Pro Bowl mark, what's his name?


Go back and look at 90 Teddy stop scratching the couch. I can't think of the other, the other, bro, he was a, what's that dude's name? Because I traded, I traded helmets with Ken the Pro Bowl one year. I'm trying to think, what year was that? Hell, I don't even remember. Second Pro Bowl, tight end. No, no, no. In like in the nineties. Yeah. Marcus Pollard. Thank you Chad Marcus poll.


Marcus Pollard. I remember. I remember Marcus Pollard. Hey, I ain't heard that name in a minute, man. Yeah. So I mean, y'all want these guys to come out here and do spectacular things. But go back and look at your favorite quarterback and see what they were throwing to. Y'all do realize that when Mahomes became the starter, y'all know who he was throwing to, right? Yeah. Tyreek. He had Sammy Watkins. Yeah. Travis Kelsey. Yeah. Could I interest you in any of those guys? You know, two of those guys are going to the Hall of Fame, Tyreek and Kelsey gonna go to the Hall of Fame. That's what he was throwing to look at what Big Ben had to throw to, Ooh, No. Look what he's always, always had to throw to, Thank you.


Hey, the Pittsburgh Steelers are just like Cincinnati when it comes to receivers. You know that you, you notice that they always, always have good receivers come through that channel no matter what. Cincinnati and Pittsburgh always. Yeah. They had plaques, they had Hines. What? You got? It won the Super Bowl. MVP, San Antonio Holmes. San Antonio Holmes. I mean, bro, y'all make it seem like that. I mean, I mean, yeah, give, give Bryce Young those type of weapons and let's see. Let's see. You gotta give a guy something to work with. Remember Marino, I think. Marino what? I think Dupre and Clayton got there with Marino in 83.


They might have came in 80, it might have been 83. They might have got there together. But you gotta get a guy, something to work with. Damn. The Volume.