
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


Sometimes getting better is harder than getting sick. Waiting on hold for an appointment. Standing in line at the pharmacy. The whole healthcare system can feel like a headache. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy are changing that. Get convenient virtual care 24 7 with Amazon One Medical and have your prescriptions delivered right to your door with Amazon Pharmacy. No more lines, no more hassles, just affordable fast care. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon One, medical healthcare just got less painful. Learn more@health.amazon.com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and one hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com, The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to draftking sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on draft. King Sportsbook, the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once. Not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Oh yeah. How y'all doing? Look at Oh, it's your turn. He gonna clean. He dirty. It's your turn this time. What's up baby? It's your turn this time man. What? What happened? You know what happened? What? You know what happened? Yeah. Me. You remember last time September? It was your turn. It was your turn. Yeah. I was gonna, I was gonna you, you remember that? It's his turn this time. Oh what I did. You showed your natural but man. Huh? You can't call me and tell me to call your lady Right. And to try to get you back in the game and you ain't tell me what got you out the game. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh my bad.


Yeah, my bad. You can't put me in them compromising situations. No. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. On I called to say baby, lemme just pray with you for a minute before we get started. By the time she got done I was cussing and you know I don't cuss. I say that. What he do? What? You gotta stop. I ain't, I ain't do nothing. You gotta stop. Hold on. Listen to me. Like stop. She went through my phone. No dog. No, No dog. Oh. That wasn't it. No Dog. It was something else. I ain't gonna tell them. But you know. You know What? You gotta slow this Lamborghini down.


Hold on. It's a new year and I got baptized. I got baptized. I Know that water dirty. No water dirty. I promise you that water nasty. No, I'm gonna tell you. So you gotta stop. No, I I ain't you too Old. Fat already told him he too old for I junk he doing But he was, he was having sex on live. Not me. Yeah, but I get, how did I get into this? You started all this? I ain't say nothing. I wanna know what position you was in. When was making, what position were you in when you back it out?


Back and forth. Okay. My bad. It's your time. Hey. Nah, but I, but listen, lemme tell you something. Lemme okay, Lemme ask you this. Hold on, hold on. Lemme ask. Lemme ask. Okay. Call. Hey time bro. I need a favor man. What you need Ocho? You know I got your dog man. My, me and my lady beefing man. You know she went through my phone. She found something she, I didn't want to see. You didn't tell me that part. Huh? I ain't get none of that. Oh, you ain't get none of that. I just got dog. I need you to call. Okay. But see this ain't the first time. Okay. This you know, history. It's history. Him so I know my role. So he Okay. Hey dog, I need you. I know my role. Call. Hey, I need you. See when he calling me he a really Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Because, because he know I'm coming in with Jesus. You got the Bible. Anybody can praying back in. I can get him back in there. You got the Bible. Bible Just, But you gotta understand. Listen, 2024 for me, I got baptized in 2023. So I found out throughout the year that was weighing off. It was weighing off. So what I did was I, listen to me now. Stay with me. Stay with me. I call, I called you 'cause they, it wasn't nothing I could say. Yep. That the scripture of Bible said those things I wish not to do is those things I find myself doing. Right. That's you. Right. That's proverb, proverb four 12.


You gotta stop now. You don't want, you don't, you don't learn two scriptures. You trying to use 'em like a stone. You trying to use him that as a slingshot. You can't do that. This man, he always talk about Proverbs. He don't know nothing. Arb, he know two scriptures. All he know is adverbs. Lemme tell you something. What would make me mad about him Is grandma taught him more than that. Yeah. You ain't no grandma. Oh, He made grandma. You ain't make grandma. Yeah, grandma, Grandma got me around there one day on the porch. But you can't get baptized every year, huh? Yes. He you can't get back. Yes he can. You, you don't do that life don't do that though. Because you know he gotta be in church To ize. I, I just wanted 'em to go. I went to church. That's what they did today. That's what I'm trying to tell you. No, they dip the head, they head like that.


It's more than that though. You can't, you can't treat baptism like you get your registration from you. No. I I I don't. Every year it End. That's not what, that's not what it saying. I would've said in the Bible, Shannon. Yes. It's too soon for you to be counseling right now. It's Too soon. I'm on the couch. I'm the couch too soon now. Too soon Though. I on couch. Okay. Okay. You hit a big couch. How you go? Hey. I just, how he chastising me and he, I ain't chastising you. He ain't throwing a stone. He just trying to help. Yeah, but you can't put me in a situation.


He need help. Right. Were you right. You But I, I'm out the doghouse now though. Now you should be at the dog. Guess but I'm saying what did you, what did you learn time? Who do the best hair people. That hair messed up. Mm. What you said. What do ladies that do the best hair, their hair be messed up? Yeah. All the time. I give the best and the nail. And the Nail people too. The nail people like they nails be to up, but they could do some nails. So you Right. Tell the message this time you was just at the ceremony. I ain't done with Him. Huh? I'm not done with Him. We, we, Hey, we got another, we got an hour and a half dude. Okay. Alright. Josh Allen wins the MVP.


Who? Josh Allen. Josh Allen won the MVP. He did. So they got Lamar out of both trophies? Yeah. Yeah. They got him out of the, the offensive offensive player year and the MVP. Yep. They, they gotta stop this man. I say the same thing because I'm, and no, no, no. That's nothing against Josh Allen. 'cause Josh Allen could play. He ball out. Let's just get this straight and you'll leave him alone. 'cause he wear my shoes every game. So leave him alone every game faithfully. You got to be kidding me. I just left.


They must have did it when I walked out. Hey, time. Somebody said that was a DEI That was A-D-E-I-M-V-P. Because you and I had a conversation. Right. And I said time Lamar just won First team all Pro quarterback. If he won first team all pro quarterback, that means 50 men and women thought he was the best player. How can you have a guy that's the first team all pro quarterback and he doesn't win. MVP? The guy won. MVP was second team. All pro quarterback. Well, I, I know somebody that was, had better statistics than everybody but one person as a quarterback and he won the Johnny Unites Award, but he finished eight in the Heisman.


How does that happen? Oh my bad. He's my son. That's how that happen. But It's a game. It's the games they play. Excuse me. It's the games they play. They make the rules. Who is, they don't be talking about. I don't need, I don't need say say who they is. Don't be doing that. Say they, They don't need no more context. But I'm just saying they make the rules. Therefore they get to choose regardless to what Lamar Jackson did today. Josh all could play though. Yes. I Ain't never say, I ain't never Say he couldn't Play. He could play. But at the time, would you, if he was first team all Pro quarterback, would you have had a problem with him winning the MVP? No. But also the offensive MVP. He should have won offensive MVP Offensive play. You? Yeah. I'm sorry. Before being MVP.


Yes. He should have swept both of 'em actually. So what message is that telling you? Key Sweat something, something just ain't right. Something something, something Something. Jazz name. Right. Hey, time off. Are you back in there? Huh? Are you back in there? In the house? I can't hear you. She here. You heard me? Re Where she at? She Here Rell. Here. Where she at? Where She At? Back Rel. Where you at? Come here. Yeah. We here come here for this job. Rel you back though? She here. You Back. Come Here Ra. Back Where in? Nah, she coming out. We still at separate houses. What? We still at separate houses.


You still at separate house? But you I'm in therapy. So what you doing tonight? Huh? What you doing tonight? What am I doing tonight? Yeah. You heard me? They go to this strip. Come anybody say ho nigga him. You Wanna go strip club? Why you going to strip club? I can go for Wings. Gym? No, no Byes. Where she at? She gone. You were there when the Hall of Fame award announced? Yep. I was there. I'm happy Eric Allen. You know I'm call her back. I'm happy. I I'm happy we go. Oh, come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Good Lord, girl. That's that nigga lost his mind.


You remember our conversation? I do Remember the conversation And we are not going to tell everything. But he showed, he showed his natural, didn't he? He showed his bare ass. Oh Lord. So is is he back? He working? Not yet. No, not yet. So hold on, hold on, hold on. So we not together. Hey, don't be trying to check line either. You see what he trying to do? Hold on, hold. Put on Fry. Hold on. Hold on. Hey, in front of my company. This is my family. Answer the question. Are we together or not? Hey, Hey, Hey. Ain't gonna say let the dog back.


What's wrong With you? Hold on. What If that was your sister? Hey. Or your Daughter? You heard me? Remember that trip we talked about by going to the Dr, Excuse Me, the trip we talked about by going to the Dr. Yeah, We going to Dr. Now we going to Dr. I'm. Oh, who is We? We, you and me. We, you just hold on. Just all us going. We already playing this trip. Don't y'all wanna see us? Go to the Dr. No, it wasn't Dr. I don't wanna Go Dr. You just it Columbia, you just clown me. We gonna Columbia. You ain't gonna Dr. Y'all need to go to Bible class. Where we need to go. Bible Study. Bible study. I mean, you know what?


Single people, no, only married people go to Bible study. Huh? No, don't, don't do that. No Uhuh don't do that. Do that. Don't, don't do that. Now y'all want me to go after you done came out here clouding me. You joined in. Well, she say we together. So I'm going to the Dr I'm telling everybody what happened and about him and you. I ain't not discriminated. You told us. We going you all, y'all said we going together. I'm, I'm going. I don't know about y'all. I gotta work. Me too. And you know how many jobs he got? Oh, no. Hold on. We can work from out there. What you mean? We could work from Out there. He got wifi in the Dr. Did, did he ask for forgiveness?


No. Chad, what you need to do? You didn't Ask for Hold on. You didn't ask forgiveness. Hold on. Yeah. Huh. Huh? I ain't anybody say honking him. What you said? Nope. Did you ask for forgiveness? Yeah. From the Lord. That's a good one. Now that's a good one. What? Instead of wifi, you need to, Hey, what you need to do instead of the eye on the end, you need to put an E. Yeah. Wait, hold on. Say it again. Instead of that I on the end of wifi, you need to drop that I and put a EYE Close enough. She gotta work for this. You hear this mess, Lord Jesus.


Huh? You, you just getting deeper and deeper. I'm about, I'm about to exit the stage. You know what? Yeah. Railway be coming back later. When you I'll be Back when you walk out railway walk in front of him. Oh. Say walk in front of him. See, he trying to trip me. Me. All right baby. He ain't crazy. Look at, look at it. He crazy. Look at you. He ain't crazy. Hey, you don't have to walk like that. Real. See You gotta stop dog. We had this conversation. What did I Do wrong? Everything. No, I'm, I'm good. I'm good. I'm You not good.


Stop saying that. I good. You selfish. We in front of company. Selfish, embarrass, selfish. They don't know what I'm talking about. But you selfish. Thats why I stopped calling you. You selfish. That's why I stopped calling you. Y'all understand? We are like brothers. He's the little brother that stays in trouble. He's the big brother. No, he's the middle brother. That, that I'm trying to, Stephen A I am swinging on it. Where's Stephen? A I need a job. I'm swinging on it. You you can work with me. Huh? I got a job for you.


What you want me to do? Receiver. You wanna be the receiver coach Assistant? Wait, I can come coach at Colorado. Yeah. What's the pay? What's The job? What you need me to do A lot? If the money right, I'll be there. You teach what you did. Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good, I don't know if they got feet like this, but I can teach. What's Stephen? A You asked the question. You asked you talking about you want a job? He asked you a question. Can you teach what you did? He asked me can I teach what I did? Have you seen somebody be able to do what I did back then? Yet? I see some people with good feet not quite like yours.


Well, what you were special. I gonna give it to you special there. Your answer. Well, maybe the people that have feet, like you wasn't trying to teach it. Now the question is, can you teach? I could teach. I could teach. I just wanna know the pay. I could be in Colorado tomorrow. I could do Nightcap from Boulder. Them. You know what we, we both could do Nightcap from Boulder. That's, Hey, I like that. I like that. I like how y'all Like That. I thought Stephen A We Good? Huh? Oh, we good? Are we good? Yeah. Y'all good?


Y'all good? And now hold On, hold On, hold on. Coming to the stage, Stephen A Smith. I was like, he a strip on something. The way y'all come. Hey, You see the walk? You see the walk? That's that money walk. What they do, baby. That's hiring. Good to see you. Y'all hiring. Say what? I want. Be on for a shake. We got the people, got the people here in front of you. So I want to get us all You Been working out too. My dog working. What? What? What day? I wanna make sure y'all hit us.


What day can I join? First take What Day you join First Take what day? The day I tell you. Okay. Okay. Okay. We getting somewhere? That's enough News. You want anything you wanna share? No. Not yet. You sure? I'm good. Life is good. Life is good. Life is good. I can't complain. It's good to see y'all. Thank y'all for coming out with my boys. It don't get no better than what they doing. And we know what the hell he been doing. So it's all good. I'm in, I'm in good company tonight We, we've been, we've been talking about this and we've been going back and forth, right? Josh Allen won the MVP. Yep. Lamar Jackson was first team all pro quarterback.


Yep. Which is, I'm surprised, I'm shocked that it happened. What are your thoughts? I am kind of glad Lamar didn't win it for real. What? What you got? Lemme explain. It's The setup. That's the setup. You got two league MVPs. Every other individual in NFL history who's had two league MVPs have won a Super Bowl championship. Lamar, if you'll be quiet and let me explain, I will make sure you understand my explanation. What I'm saying is if he had won three, then the heat on him next year would've intensified even more.


And we'd highlight his failures more. Instead of appreciating his greatness more. Josh Allen went in the MVP. Well, congratulations. Now what you going to do? Because we going to talk about you the same way we talked about Lamar Jackson. Now. 'cause now you are MVP. Where's your chip? And if we not gonna talk about him not having a chip, we can't do that to Lamar Jackson either. That's why I I like it, but I don't love it. I understand it. I, I like it, but I don't love it. I understand your philosophy. I understand how you flip that. Brilliant. That's what I expect from


you. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework,


We've all been there. You're sick and you're trying to schedule a doctor's appointment only to spend hours on hold. Then you find yourself crammed into a crowded waiting room with other sick people. And don't get me started about getting your prescriptions. That's a whole other story. Amazon understands. That's why they created Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy designed to remove these pain points from healthcare. With Amazon One Medical, you get 24 7 virtual care So you can see a provider within minutes and avoid those long annoying waits. And with Amazon Pharmacy, your prescriptions are delivered directly to you quickly and affordably. No more trips to the pharmacy and no more surprise costs to the cash register. Thanks to the ease and convenience of Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful. Learn more@health.amazon.com.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Did you know you can now buy a Hyundai on Amazon, the same place where you order yoga mats, a toothbrush, and pretty much everything else, all from the comfort of your home. Just locate a nearby dealer, pick your color, your options, check the price. And with a few dotting of some i's and crossing of some T's, voila, your Hyundai is ready for pickup. It's that easy. Visit hyundai usa.com for more details. Limited availability. Pick up through a participating Hyundai dealer in select markets.


But nevertheless, we can't look down the street and condemn a man about what may happen tomorrow and not applaud what he's done today. Because that man deserves his flowers right now, regardless of what may happen tomorrow and how we think about him, he was the most valuable quarterback in the NFL to his team, to our league, to his offense. Am I right or wrong, Mr. Stephen A Smith, I'll give that to you. But allow me to retort.


We walked into this season and we looked at Baltimore and the acquisition of Derrick Henry and we said they're monsters. They gonna win the A FC. We saw Josh Allen, he lost Stefan Diggs. He lost Gabe Davis. He had a rookie wide out in Keon Coleman. He didn't get Amari Cooper until the middle of the season and he was balling out up until the last week of the season or so. Shannon and I, along with everybody else, was debating who was the MVP. We were leaning towards Lamar Jackson, but it wasn't like we had some Mely dismissed Josh Allen because he had played on an elite level and he didn't have as much to work with.


So you are absolutely right with what you're seeing. If we're able to look at Lamar Jackson and say, there ain't no need to discuss nobody else 'cause nobody else was even close. But we know that wasn't the case with Josh Allen because of the personnel that he was working with. The absence of expectations, how he had exceeded expectations. And because of that is why I feel the way that I feel Looking at this game. Kansas City going for an unprecedented threepeat. You got the Philadelphia Eagles that were here just two, just three years ago. This is the second time they're here in three years. We know what's at stake. We got Saquon who had an unbelievable season, offensive, offensive player of the year.


You got Jalen Hurst who played unbelievable, had to run turnover. And they end up losing that ball game. If you had to bet your money, who you like in this game on Sunday? Well you don't bet against Patrick Mahomes. You don't bet against Patrick Mahomes. However, if you want to roll a dice and take chances because there's more money out there to get, if you take a risk, you look at Philly. Philly collectively is the better team. They are. You look at, and then we talk about Saquon Barkley, 2005 yards Russian. He's been electrifying, but we didn't mention this enough. Do y'all know their offensive line averages six feet, six, 300 and like 28 pounds.


Some big boys up there. I mean these brothers plug holes as wide as Broadway on a Sunday morning. If you can do that against Kansas City's defense, Philadelphia Eagles gonna win the championship. But I think you got to do that because Patrick Mahomes on the other side, you gonna have to do that in order to win this game. Hold on. He really answered the question, man, if you are a bed man, who you putting your money on? I would bet on Philly. I would take a chance to bet on Philly. Okay, but I recognize that I'm taking a change. But I would still bet on Philly, right? You, you said Patrick Mahome several times. I like that.


Since I got into this coaching around, I look at coaches a lot differently. I have a lot more respect for the the coaches than what they're doing. Andy Reed is unflappable. Andy Reed has never been just flat out, out, coached in a one-on-one battle for it all. Andy Reed will have his team ready and prepared and he will have a few wrinkles up in sleeves for situational football like we hadn't seen before. So I know we talking about Patrick Mahomes, but Andy Reed plays a major role in this whole situation. And if it was coach, coach is going toe To toe.


Ain't no, ain't no contest. There you go. Ain't no contest. There you go. I mean I, I respect Ani, but he ain't no Andy Reid. There you go. Over the last year we've seen you kinda get into politics. Yeah, we see you at 2%, two and a half, 3%. People are talking about Stephen A Smith. He's resonating. What made you decide to say, you know what? I wanna branch out into politics. I wanna talk politics. I've been this way all my life. I was neutralized to some degree by my employers. First, the Philadelphia Enquirer, then CNN, then Fox Ports, then ESPN.


They wanted us, you know, the industry itself. And I've talked to you about this personally, Shannon. I told you the beauty of athletes, the greatness of this brother, the greatness of all three of y'all. What the thing that you know, but you can't fully appreciate because you've never been constricted to that level, is that y'all have a level of freedom and independence that less talented individuals like myself that had to go through the maze of corporate America has to experience. And so it comes with restrictions. You're an employee, not an independent contractor. There's a healthcare plan that comes with it.


That's the benefit. The hazard is that it has restrictions everywhere. You can't do this, you can't do that. You representing the brand, not just yourself. We want you pigeonhole here, we want you marginalized here, et cetera, et cetera. But what they didn't know about me is that all my life, I mean, as much as I love sports, watching presidential debates was like a super bowl of me watching. A gubernatorial debate was like a Super Bowl to me. I love The Volume and back and forth. I love, I love having at least a spec of knowledge about the issues that affect us. You know, to me, I don't even consider it politics. I consider it social commentary. It ain't politics when I'm talking about the economy, healthcare, immigration, education, crime in the streets, et cetera.


You know, that's real life issues that I deal with. I'm from Hollis, Queens, New York City. I'm from the streets of New York. That's real life issues to me. And so when I see a bunch of people who don't look like me, who don't share my cultural identity, who don't have my experience, who don't walk the streets and haven't walked the streets the way that I have my attitude is, you might know the issues, but you don't know the true impact that it has on everyday people. And I'm one of those people, I don't give a damn what kind of success I have. I still roll back to Hollis, right? I still Pull up at a white castles. I still are going in the park in New York City. I still, I, I am who I am.


And so when the opportunity finally presented itself and I was able to branch out, it was courtesy. And this is where all of y'all play a role. Prime was an independent dude, always preached about independence. You came with Club Shehe and then after that Nightcap and when y'all came about and y'all were doing y'all thing along with others, others like the Pivot and others, I said, hold on, you've been holding me back, holding me back, holding me back. But these other fellas got their own platform, right? Well, I got my own now I own and operated 100%. What's the problem? And they were like, we can't say anything.


And so when I went there and did it, they were like, wait a minute, now you doing sports? That's us. So we can't stop you from doing it, but we'd be damned if you going to just have a sports show, right? Then. This should be for us. I said, I don't want a sports show. And when I told them pop culture and entertainment and politics, they're like, go ahead. Because nobody thought that I would resonate. 'cause they, they didn't know. And so finally they said, oh damn, he had the situation room. He on Hannity, he on M-S-N-B-C with Rachel Maddow or somebody else. He's on Politico, he's on News Nation. What the hell is going on? And all I said in response was, here I come.


Right? I told you I was coming. And the goal is to resonate and to make a difference and affect our community and all communities in as much of a positive way as possible. And that's what I'm doing right now. So they saw it, they put me on Bill Maher in HBO, real time with Bill Maher. They wanted me, they put me on the view and they said, oh shit, this brother is real. He, he, it's, it's something special going on here. And then everybody started calling. And I'm like, this ain't new. This has always been me. If you, if you think about the conversations we've had off the air, think about the things we talk about. Think about the things I've shared with all three of y'all at one point in time or another.


And all of y'all have espoused words of wisdom on me. And I'm always appreciative of that. But I'm an independent thinker and I got my own mind. And I, I I use other people to edify me, to educate me. But when I know the issues, I ain't scared of a damn thing. If I know my facts, I'm going roar. And that's what I'm doing. Amen. Proud of you, boss. Look at your brother. Where? Right there. Hey, Would they do Hall of Famer Boss man, what do they do, Baby?


Good to see you. How's it going, Sir? Yes sir. No, get back like you were. Yeah, my knees bad. No, my knee's bad. Thank you very much. It's been a long day and even longer trying to get here from over there. But thank you for staying. Hopefully we can get you outta here shortly, because I gotta get up early in the morning again. But a tremendous day. It's, it's an honor and a pleasure to follow that guy for, for a change and, and being the first brothers inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


Don't you, don't you cry up here. Don't do that. I want to know, you have to tell me, tell the people out here understanding and knowing all you've been through where y'all come from, what it took to make it to the NFL, the struggles, having to lead a game early, what this night means to you. It's, it's kind of interesting o because I never wanted to be in the Hall of Fame. Mm. I never expected to be in the Hall of Fame. This is not something I asked for. This is not something I wish for. This is not something I prayed for.


Because when I left the game, the only thing anybody ever talked about is what I didn't do. Mm. Now I'm okay with that. I am, I'm okay with what I, I put on film. I'm okay with that. But, so I never had any expectations. This is not like Christmas to where, you know, you want a skateboard or you want a bike or you want them pair of Jordans. This isn't like that. So for me, today is kind of interestingly surreal because I didn't want this, this is not something I wished on myself. But, you know, being there and seeing my friends that are in the Hall of Fame that were more excited than seem like I am right now.


But they were genuinely happy. My good friend Terrel Low. I, I hope I'm not, I hope I'm not doing anything wrong by putting Terrell's business in the street. But Teo cried, Teo and I go way, way, way back to the, before he even got in the lead. And he was so happy for me that, that he and I had a had about a good 45 second moment to where we just kinda, we kind of got wrapped up in each other and the history and the time and all that. So it's, it's been a really good day. O but let me tell you, I, I haven't gotten there yet.


It is gonna, it's gonna take a little more time to get there. Yeah. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Congratulations. And I know thanks. It's been a long time since you seen that guy speechless over there. You know Your little brother loves you, man. Yes, he does. When he talks about you, he talks about the man that the only man that he's ever hoped to be the measure up to. Because he knows he couldn't do it. And anybody that knows you and anybody that knows him, knows how he feels about you, me personally, you know how much love I've always had for you? No doubt. Let's Get some tissue. Now. We need some tissue up here.


For those of you who might be too young to remember, we religiously talk about Jerry Rice being the greatest receiver in NFL history. Those who know football before to, before Randy Moss, we would all mention him. 'cause he was that sensational of a wide receiver. He was big time. And so to then watch you transition into the business before your brother did, you did a hell of a job talking the game of football, teaching the game of football, working with cats in the industry and showing us the way as well, and had that pedigree.


There's so many people that followed that played in the NFL and now doing television. You were doing it before most and you were doing exceptionally well. And so for me to see you have this day, thank you, thank you, is well deserved. And I'm just happy for you. It is long overdue. Thank you. But it's here. Congratulations. Congratulations. I think the thing is why I get so emotional when people ask why. I say because I had GPS to get to where I'm going because I had to follow him. You see, he did what he did with no navigational system. He had no map quest.


He had no Google. He had no instructional manual. I had all of that 'cause I got to walk in his footsteps. A lot of what I learned, almost everything that I learned, I learned from him. My grandfather was very, very hard on my brother. And I didn't understand why until my grandmother said, Barney, why are you so hard on Spanky? That's what they call, we call him. He said, Mary, everything that little one is gonna learn, he's gonna learn it from him is his job. Because we are not gonna be around Mary alone.


It's his job to teach him how to be a man. It's his job to teach him right and wrong. He's gonna follow everything that he does because that's what he sees all the time. For my brother to do what he's done with no guidance, with no instruction manual to get to where he got to get me to where I got, you guys have heard me say, the only man I've ever wanted to be was him.


He was my hero. He was my role model. He taught me to shoot a basketball. He taught me to throw a football. He taught me how to catch. He taught me how to tie my shoes. I'm not the man that's sitting before you today. I watched everything that he did. I hung on everything that he said. And, and then you heard me t tell this story that he, he's only three years older than I, but he's more like my father. My sister's eight years older and she's more like my mother because everything that they did was what a mother and a father would do for a child. I'm not here. I'm not the man that I am.


I'm not the person that I am. I'm not the friend that I am. I'm not the father that I am without seeing how he did things. He's we're brothers. We're a lot alike, but we're very different because I've always had to fight. Everything came so easy to him. I was so small, they called me peewee. And I just, I could never understood. I never understood why I couldn't beat him in certain things. He was always prouder for things that I did as opposed to what he accomplished. He was much more happy when I got drafted than he did.


He wouldn't first pick in the seventh round, I mean first the seventh pick in the first round. I went seventh round 1 92. He was so excited. He would just call and say, I mean he just, man, y'all don't know what this moment means. Not just to our family. My mom is gonna be extremely excited. I'm extremely excited. Our high school coach who coached my mom, who also coached here, and I, but this is a, and God heard prayers I didn't even know he was listening to.


There'll be a time that you and I have a conversation. We'll talk mapping everything out, guests that you want to bring and the party and the entertainment that you want. Ro I've said it before. We give every dime. Take, take myself outta the hall just for you to be in. I measure my life in summers. I don't say years.


Say I big. I pretty got hopefully pretty healthy. I got 20, 20 summers left. I'm good now. I'm good. Love you. There's only two men, guys I've ever told that. I love my son. My brother have mercy.


It was so hard to keep this a secret, Stephen. A when I got the call And I had to get him to come to my home and they wanted to go do it in Glenville, I said, bro, I hadn't been to Glenville in 13 years. He gonna know something up if I tell him to come down there so I can lured him to the house still. He hadn't seen me in my home in six years. So if I call and I tell him to meet me somewhere, he's gonna think something's wrong. Like, what's up bro? He's like, what's, what's up? I said, man, just come to the house. He's like, I'm in town. He like, you all right? I said, yeah, Brom good. I'm good. I just, you know, I'm in town. And you know, you close by.


And he had surgery on his eye. He had a detached retina. He had a bubble placed in his eye. He almost lost the vision in his eye about three months ago and said he had some, some blurred vision in his eye. And he went to the doctor and the doctor said, we gotta do perform surgery. They couldn't perform surgery that afternoon because he had already eaten. So they got him in the next morning. So that's what we've been dealing with. Had a lot on my plate dealing with that. 'cause I worry I'm the warrior of the family. I think that's my responsibility now. But bro, I'm so happy. I'm so proud of you. I'm getting there. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm getting there.


It's, it, it's hard to explain because you don't want to put your emotions on someone else, but you, you, you know, and I think that the easiest way to explain it is we've all experienced, I think Christmas, you have a list and you're hoping that you could get two, three, or four of those things. I never wished for this. I I never wanted this. And, and I said it tonight out loud for the first time. And the reporter was like, what do you mean you never, I'm like, man, you don't understand.


I only wanted to do one thing and that was play. I didn't want to be an all pro or a pro bowler or all that other, I just wanted to play. And I got to do that for seven years and I'm good. And then the Hall of Fame comes around and they're like, okay, you've been out five years. You know, Sterling Sharpe is on the list of 25. You know, it would be, he would be a shoe in if he played longer. But they never talked about what I did. And I was like, if it wasn't enough, wasn't enough, I'm okay with that. I slept real good before I found out I was going to the Hall of Fame.


And I slept good after finding out. But, but I really didn't have any, any aspirations on whining this. It is a tremendous honor. I know exactly what that means. I went through it with him and that was the greatest athletic achievement of my entire life, was going on that journey with him through the Hall of Fame. Me going in will not exceed when he went in. It won't do, it's not gonna come close. That was probably the happiest I'd ever been because I knew where he came from going to Savannah State, a college. He said he wasn't gonna go. That's one of the times that I told him what he was going to do.


So I knew how hard he fought. And I mean, there's not a lot of opportunities for us in sports to where I know what Stephen a's journey was like to get here, or I know what Chad's journey was like to get here. I know what his journey was like and all my prayers were for him. I'll embarrass him about one story. I paid all his bills. He was in the NFLI paid all his bills until my daughter was born because that was, that was mine. Because I, I wanted him to always have better than what I had.


He had a Mercedes before I did. He couldn't afford one, but he was driving one. And, and then he wanted to go to a beach party and he drove my new one and wrecked it A joke junky Yarded e junk. Yeah, that's what he said. I junkyard your carb dog. Wait, what? So, So you, you have to understand that, that we are, we, we are brothers, but we are, we are one side of the same coin. We'll say different things differently and we'll do different things differently, but we think alike and God is truly, you know, and I will tell you this story, and I'm gonna be quiet.


A guy said to me, if you go in the Hall of Fame, are you gonna do like everybody else? And thank God, because you think God wanted you to be a Hall of Famer. If there is a God. And I said this, I said, my own brother stood up and said, if you would've played longer, there's no question in my mind that we would be the first brothers in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


That was in 2011 since he said that. I have not had one catch. I have not gained one yard and I have not scored one touchdown. And we are the first brothers in the pro football Hall of Fame. So you tell me if there is a God and that I should give him some glory. And So, you know, for me that that is what I'm, I'm, I'm probably most proud of is everybody used to say, you know, Shannon, stop trying to be like him.


You can't be like him. Shannon, stop trying to do what he does. Shannon. You can't do what he does. Shannon, stop trying to imitate him. Shannon, be your man Shannon. I am so happy to say he didn't follow me around. I followed him. Class Of 2025 Pro Football Hall of Famer, Sterling


Sharpe. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute. And architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com, we've done your homework,


We've all been there, you're sick and you're trying to schedule a doctor's appointment only to spend hours on hold. Then you find yourself crammed into a crowded waiting room with other sick people. And don't get me started about getting your prescriptions. That's a whole other story. Amazon understands. That's why they created Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy designed to remove these pain points from healthcare. With Amazon One Medical, you get 24 7 virtual care So you can see a provider within minutes and avoid those long annoying waits. And with Amazon Pharmacy, your prescriptions are delivered directly to you quickly and affordably. No more trips to the pharmacy and no more surprise costs at the cash register. Thanks to the ease and convenience of Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful. Learn more@health.amazon.com.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Did you know you can now buy a Hyundai on Amazon, the same place where you order yoga, mats, a toothbrush, and pretty much everything else, all from the comfort of your home. Just locate a nearby dealer, pick your color, your options, check the price. And with a few dotting of some i's and crossing of some T's. Voila, your Hyundai is ready for pickup. It's that easy. Visit hyundai usa.com for more details. Limited availability. Pick up through a participating Hyundai dealer in select markets.


He challenge James Harrison Debo. No, you lost your mind. Huh? You lost your mind. Debo. Debo is a killer dog. Debo nasty too. Debo Debos strong. He physical, he violent. That ain't got nothing to do with fighting. What you talking about? Yes it does. Why are you scared man? That shit don't mean nothing nigga. It means nothing. Debo walked out like Deebo Deebo don't look at him like that. He gonna run these shit even.


Hey, I mean like that shit work on like regular people. Man, that shit don't scare nobody, nigga. Fuck you talking about? Boy, I'm on whatever you want boy. Hey, hey, hey, hey Shannon. Huh? I need to be a part of this because I want to buy the gates. It ain't gonna be no regular ring. I'm put gates up high because he gonna try to get up outta there. Me? Yes. I want high gates. I want high gates Guard. We he guard. He want MMA. No No hold. I want high gates so he can't Get out. Hold on, hold on. So what you sitting here telling me is you know how I am, you know how I'm built. You know the cloth I'm cut from and you don't believe in me because a nigga look Like that. Yes.


Yes. Alright, bet. Yeah. Hey all, all I'm saying We Sent, let me paint a picture for you. All four of us in prison. Yeah. Is getting ready to get dog and me and Shannon, we walk out because we in the next cell and Deebo just sitting up there eating some chips looking at you. Something going down that night. It ain't gonna be Deebo. It definitely ain't gonna be me.


I'm just trying to figure out, look, I understand that y'all played in the same division and you know, I don't think y'all ever beat Pittsburgh, but what makes you think that you can beat this man? He put his, he put his pants on. Right? One leg at a time. Just like me. What did you Talk about? Yeah, but the difference is his pants don't fit Mickey Mouse. Boy. These are large. Exactly. It's funny. It's, it is. I mean I think we look at aesthetics, we look at size, we look at somebody being big, we look at a nickname like Deebo and we mistake that with okay, he can whoop everybody. He Not everybody. No, I didn't say everybody who Came up with this foolishness.


Huh? Who came up with this foolishness? What foolishness Dog. Come on man. Everybody in NL scared a deebo. What? Everybody in NL scared a deebo still. Wait, when the last time you played dog? A decade. When the last time you played? Last time I played. Yeah. Last time I played was 17, 18. We lost Philly. Philly Super Bowl. That's The long, long time ago. And we still skate. I did the same thing you did. Lost Super Bowl. Do you ever watch de workout like his tapes? Like his What that mean I work out too. Not like that. I Don't, I don't need to workout like that. That ain't, that ain't my strength. That ain't my forte. But I know I have a certain skill set that I require, require time. So you So you stay outside and just jab?


Yeah. Killing nigga. But you know he coming. Who? He coming, Coming Will, You know what can I have the rain size cut down? So you, So you don't want him to Be able to run? I don't want him to be able to do nothing. I ain't throwing no towel in. No. Everybody gonna be able to, all his people in the corner gonna be butt naked. Ain't gonna be no towel, no tt. It sounded like the whole crowd. Nobody believing me. And it just how it was when I was growing up. Nobody believing me, me. So just say, Well how about this, can we take a poll? Who got Ocho? Yeah. Let you go nigga. What? Okay.


Too bad. They ass ain't gonna be in the ring with you. Who? Who got de See see what just Happened was the, the, the, the women who like Thugs And like they dudes to come home when they want to. They the ones yelling all the fellas like they know you gonna kill you dog. See, you gotta select crowd. I like that. I I like that. You got a, you got an audience. Don't worry about it. Just set the fight up man. Oh It's Gonna happen. Just set the fight up. I'm Not a bet man. Can I bet on I'm not a bet man, but I bet on this one. You bet. What? You heard me? What you Said I'm not a betting man, but I will bet on this one.


I'm betting who you, Who you betting your money on? Who you think mem? I'm betting on Debo in 30 seconds. But y'all, y'all over Under the first round. Huh? Over under the first round? No, No, no. He gonna run. He gonna run. He ain't shape now he gonna run. So he ain't gonna catch in that first round. It's gonna be about round Three. He gonna run. He said he wasn't running. Oh He running. That's what he said. He said he running Running. That's the philosophy. He gonna run Deebo. He's Going run. Who gonna run? Said he gonna run. Ain't running. I ain't never ran for nobody in life. I ain't never ran for nobody. So you ain't running, You ain't never done this? Huh? You done this once or twice? I've been fighting for since 87.


What are you talking about? No, I ain't talking about that type of fight. What's the Difference? It's a big difference, Man. Y'all scared, man. First of all, You different Weight play. What you mean? We scared. We ain't gotta fight. I ain't Scared. I'm just saying. Man, nigga beat that nigga ass, man. I don't how big he is. We going Th they they trying to help you out. They trying to, they trying to talk some sense into You. I don't need no sense nigga. So don't cut no deal. I'm gonna take all them chains off your neck when I knock your ass out. Toot. You won 85 matter. Matter of fact, that's The only thing I want. I can you all that other shit. Oh yeah, the bracelet. You wanna take your name too and call Ocho Shit. You want that? You want that cross bracelet?


You want that cross bracelet? Oh, I want that cross bracelet for sure. You got all, Well, you know how to get, It's the only way to get it. I love it. Get it. Yeah. I You got, you got the right one. I ain't none. Other people be scared of you when You knock them out. Can I get the third bracelet my mama told me? Don't mess with nobody that's scared of you. 'cause they pull a gun or a knife. I'm glad you, I don't got no gun. Aint no I want, I want the Third one. I want the third one. Yeah. No, no. Whoa, whoa, dog. Whoa, whoa. Hold up. Everybody pick it what they want? Yeah. I want a third. What they want? Yeah. Pick what you want. What's That shoe you want? Yeah, I want them. Yeah. It's funny y'all, I want this one. It is funny.


Y'all don't believe me, but it's all good. I believe in you. I'm Gonna shock the world. You gonna shock the world. I'm gonna shock the world. I Believe I'm gonna get that bracelet. I'm, I'm gonna shock the world. Hey that What I believe. People ain't cutting no deal either. Huh? He ain't cutting no deal. Like it ain't gonna be no fake pick, Fight beat. I don't care nothing about that. He Don't get down like that. Oh. I don't care nothing about that. Is that a day eight? Where you talking about cut a deal? What's the deal? I'm saying you don't cut deals, you not going, you know, like they did the other thing that we just saw that everybody wanted to see with Paul or Tyson. That's what I'm saying. You ain't cutting no deals. No you ain't cutting no deal. Oh no. Cut a deal for what? This will be the first time I'm actually sanctioned to kill somebody and get away with it. No, Chad. No. Don't go in there Dog.


Hey you, you let that shit scare you. Y It scares me. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't got, ain't gotta Fight. That nigga scared Me. I'm built different Man. Hey, go ahead and get your a, make sure you go make sure real everything in real name. I'm, I'm built different. Real. Make sure he put everything in your name baby. Hey, can I get some assurance On you? Yeah. Make sure. Keep it cute nigga. All right. Good. Keep cute. What? Alright, we still right here. Ain't nothing air opportunity. Hey no. Take it off. That's what I'm waiting on. Take it off. Take it off. That's what I Why they do that at?


Do what? Take out that chain on the fight. What? Right. Your face. Listen, I thought it was about to go for the hood. I was waiting for the Set the fucking dates. Man, fuck you. Nah nigga. Fuck you. All the August. Alright. What is Happening? Can I be your manager? You Off You mush. Ocho. I'm sorry Ocho. You Had to show me. Can I manage you? Huh? I cannot manage you. I want to be your manager. Nah, nah, you don't. Lemme Tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna let somebody in the crowd be my manager. You get, you get some of the purse. Okay? Let me tell you what I'm gonna do because I'm his manager because we going to blow this fight up. We gonna make a lot of money off this fight because we got some big draw drawers.


Not draws But drawers. But I'm gonna make you a lot of money 'cause I'm gonna have every part of your body rented out the bottom of your shoes Because they gonna back back. I I'm Going They gonna see everything when he knock you outta. I'm gonna have, I'm gonna this part out. I'm gonna have everything on you. All boost neck. I got you dog. Make all your jokes. No, I'm, I'm dead serious. Make make All your jokes. I'm but when you Fall, I don't wanna don't be trying to congratulate me boy. I know. I believed you. I knew you could do it. I don't wanna hear none of that shit from none of y'all. You ain't gonna gonna hear from me. You ain't hear from me. I know. I'm gonna say, hey, you know what I'm gonna say.


Show your ass up to work tomorrow. I'ma, I'm gonna climb up under the ring so I can talk to you where you fall. Oh, you gonna be the conscious. I'm gonna get up, up. Stay down. Don't get get up your uhuh. Get up. You got him. All Right. Don't worry about it. You Killing him. You killing him with your face. I just trying to figure out why not box in something that you do. Why would you wanna go MMA? No, 'cause I wanna, I want make sure he's comfortable in something that he's good at or he thinks he's good at. Also what I'm gonna do, man, I ain't gonna even lie. I don't wanna like punish your face, break, break everything in your face, break, break your bones or nothing. Like what I'm doing is I'm gonna choke you out and I'm gonna choke you out and I'm not gonna let go.


And the ref gonna have to choke me out. Hey, do he to let you go? Do he mean this stuff man? Do you see this dude? Man? Ain't no way in the world. I'm getting no d That shit Don't scare nobody. It scares me. Weak man. And as your manager, he afraid for you. I know. You know, they say the loudest one in the room is the weakest one. The room. If Your manager Coming in all white. If your manager come in all White, Why You coming in all white? Because it ain't gonna be no towel. Ima just flip the radio. I'm tired. I I'm tired of talking. Just, just set up. Just get the date. We gonna set It up. Now coming to the stage, Louisiana's own New Orleans on Master P we got got P Did you, did you See when I, when I played bad, bad In the meeting room, I had to educate the youngsters.


They didn't, they didn't know nothing about bad, bad. Come on Man. Yeah, Yeah. So we started up in the morning, like whenever I walk in we play some kind of music and I had to educate them about we, about about it we about about it. Pete, lemme ask you this. Yes. You built this empire on music and you branched off to do other things. What was the mindset when you started this empire? Well, you know, I grew up in the projects. Call your projects out here and I ain't had nothing. I live with my grandparents and she had 12 kids. Me and my brother made 14. I just wanted to make it out the ghetto. I wanted to get my grandmother a house one day.


And that just pushed me. It pushed me and it pushed me. And I, I said whatever they could do, we could do it. And so ever since after then I just been building and grinding and hustling and went from selling no records to over a hundred million records Independently. But you one of the first to have a distribution deal that was in your favor. You also was one of the first to have entrepreneurship that wanted to do things outside of music. How did you develop that mindset though? I mean, I guess like anything else like this man, I guess when you, when you hungry and poor You for real Because you always gotta have a why.


Yes. My why was I ain't had nothing. I gotta make it up outta here. A lot of people was dying young. A lot of people didn't get opportunities that I was able to get. And I'm like, I'm gonna make the best out of it. And I, I'm, there's gonna be no limit to my success. And that's what I call my company. No Limit. You know, p and I had an experience together. I mean, he's at the top of his game and you talking about an athlete, you know, you talking about two sports. But this man was was, was multi, was multi just understand with the talent. So he came to Dallas to play. They had to trial for the Mavericks. Yeah. And when I tell you he had it, he had it right.


So they called me over there to holler at Pete because Pete still had that hood in. Now what I mean by that is he, you know, Pete went to practice and you can't go to practice deep. You can't do that dog. Like, he's like, man, I'm giving 'em buckets and I'm doing this, I'm doing that man, what's going on? I say, dog, tell me about what, what happened, man, you know we was running wind sprints and I was one of them. I said, you can't do that. Yeah. And I was doing it. You can't do that. You know the stars that they have and you gotta let them make It. Yeah. Because This is their team. Do your thing, but you gotta let them make you not a politics. Yeah. Ly It's politics and everything. It's politics. Think about it. Right.


And that's what makes the trailblazers. Trailblazers. We gotta think outside the box. Yeah. I've always thought outside the box when I was telling, you know, Dion, when I was in Dallas Right. It was tough because I know I had, I had it. I, so I grew up with Steve Nash, So you know me, I'm already on him like, man Steve, like man, Yeah You need to chill out. But you know, that's the way we was raised down here. Right. And it is like, we was just raised tough. Like a lot of kids today don't have to go through what we had to go through. And at that time New Orleans was the murder capital of the world. And That's right.


It was like a privilege to be able to go outside and play basketball. And so I always was just tough when I played and then I was like one of the fastest ones on the team. I'm, I'm number one in all the drills I'm thinking I'm in. Right. But like Deon said, that don't matter. I mean I, we gotta get this man around applause to what you did in college football, my brother, Because This is what I want to tell y'all. Right. This man actually changed the whole game of college football because they never wanted to see us do what you was able to do, bro. And, and it's incredible because now when I walked into this man locker room, I was like man, hold up.


I went, they got a ball but they got all this stuff. I'm like man, this is crazy. This is this man done. Really changed the culture right there. This was the hood for real was love is like, you see everybody having fun and I think the difference is a lot of players want to play for you 'cause they want that type of atmosphere. Yes sir. And I appreciate you for coming to support it. Yeah man. You know, I got support. We like people like our sidelines in, in in Boulder. You've been there. Shake it. It, it looks like the BET awards. Yeah. Hey Everybody, I on the sideline. Hey Pete, Listen, you've launched everything bro, from music to food products, even the basketball league. And you've been able to build generational wealth and what advice do you have to the young artists and young entrepreneurs looking to do some of the same things you've done, especially those right here from your hometown?


Well, well first y'all put your trust and faith in God. That's the most important thing. And don't be afraid to put the work in. 'cause they say work without faith is dead. And so a lot of people think, oh, I'm gonna just pray. And God going, no, you got to really put the work in. You gotta grind, you gotta go to work. And then God gonna give you all those blessings if you do right and you have integrity. Because one thing that I learned in this, in this world, this game of life, you know you have to have integrity because that's doing the right thing when nobody's looking. That's right. So most of us only want to do the right thing when somebody's looking. So when you do the right thing and nobody's looking, you gonna be all right. The Volume.


So might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com we've done your homework.


Sometimes getting better is harder than getting sick. Waiting on hold for an appointment standing in line at the pharmacy. The whole healthcare system can feel like a headache. Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy are changing that. Get convenient virtual care 24 7 with Amazon One Medical and have your prescriptions delivered right to your door with Amazon Pharmacy. No more lines, no more hassles, just affordable fast care. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon one, medical healthcare just got less painful. Learn more@health.amazon.com


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh. Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.