
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, you wanna Know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best Describes the Jets season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 and bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello Ladies and gentlemen. We're back like acne on a team. We're fresh like then. Team, I don't mean to be mean, but this the number one team I'm your favorite on. Shannon. Sharpe. Yeah, that's your favorite number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The Bengals ring of Fame artery. Legendary pro bowler, all pro Liberty City's zone. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And thank you for taking time outta your day to join us again. Please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Thank you guys. We're growing at an astronomical rate and that's all thanks to you guys. So we greatly, greatly appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast.


Be wherever you listen to your podcast and wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber count. Because what we're trying to do, we're trying to get even bigger than what we already are. And the only way we can accomplish that is through your subscriptions. So make sure you tell family member loved ones and friends. Tune in the Nightcap because you know, we keep it funky. We keep it live And, we give you the real. Make sure you check out My Shave by La Portier. We're taking pre-orders now. We should have everything back in stock. And the long way. I wanna say again, thank you for your patience. We did not. Oh my bad. They said, please make sure you got follow my media company page platforms that Sheha Media and my clothing company 84, the link to Nightcap Merchants Pen at the top of the chat use code.


The discount applies to all, all merchandise. Everyone has received their merchandise. Thank you again for your patience and hopefully you love the quality and you love the product that you receive. ocho, let's jump right into it. The US women basketball crush, Japan 1 0 2 76. Guess what? Ocho, they beat, they beat Japan by the same margin of victory that the men beat Serb by 26 points. The United States began their quest of the eighth consecutive gold medal. They haven't lost the game at the Olympics since 1992. And the last time they lost to Japan was in 1976. The game was in Montreal. All 12 members of the US team scored.


Unlike the men, Asia Wilson led the weight with 24 points and 13 rebounds. Breonna Stewart added a 22 and eight. Chelsea Gray only had two points, but she had a recorded the team high 13 assist the US ocho. They gotta do a better job of shooting the three. Japan got up 39, they made 15, but they shot 67% from the two point. Next up, is Belgium on Thursday watching the game? Ocho, what'd you like about what you saw from the LA the ladies as they dominate Japan start to finish? The ladies, they just out there having fun. Yeah, they out. They having fun, obviously, like you stated. And everybody knows, I don't think there's any competition for them.


I think they are that much better across the board than everybody. Listen, the women team is on a 56 game winning streak. 37 of the last 56 game have a winning margin of at least 20 points or over 20 points. I mean, all they have to do And, and you, you, you said they need to shoot better from three. I think even if they don't make the threes, unc, mid-range layups, anything on the board rebounds. I just, nobody had, nobody stands a chance. But watching them play and the joy that they play in the game of basketball with representing us, man is a beautiful thing to see. Yeah, I think the thing is Ocho but see here's the problem that you run into.


All of a sudden you let somebody get up. You, you only got up, they got up 19 more threes than you did. Now they made 15. Let's just say for the sake of argument, you get one of these teams and all of a sudden they go 25 or 39 and you go four of 20 because the three ball is the equalizer. Those Yes sir. Those are why guys, that all of a sudden, I don't need to jump out the gym. I don't need to be seven foot tall because if I can make that, that's three to two. Yeah, I make three of those. You gotta make three, two point shots just to equal what I did in two shots. Right. And so yeah, I, I agree with you. Asia Wilson and Bria and Brianna Stewart only paid 26 minutes, but they were dominant 14 or 18 from the free throw line.


And that's where the advantage that we have. And then we can come off the bench. You come off the bench with a Brittany grinder, Kelsey Plum, Khalil Copper, jewel, lo I mean we, we just have so much depth. Yeah. And that, that's, that's the thing. That's the thing what you just said. We have so much depth and let's say this so happened, hypothetically speaking, we, they meet a team that's efficient from three, I think they're the switch that they can turn on and take things to an even higher level and play even more efficient than what they're doing right now. When you go into a game, like think shot 55% from the floor. Yeah. 11 or 15, 10 of 16. Chelsea Graves one of five. DT only played, I only shot one of two.


She didn't put the ball up that much. Alyssa Thomas was one of four. Brittany Grinder was four seven. Sabrina net was four of six. Jackie Young was one of one. Kelsey Plum was four of six. Khal Copper was 2 0 4. Jewel low was oh three. But she had made two two free throws. Yeah. We're dominant. We're big. Yeah. You look at our girls, I mean, we go what Asia's probably 6 3, 6 4. Stewart's probably 6 3, 6 4. Naisha, Coser, Collier, Naisha Collier. Was she six three? And then you go six, seven and a half, six eight Brittany round coming off the bench. Alyssa Thomas, we, we just got so much. We just have side, we got guards that can handle the ball.


We can shoot the ball from the perimeter. And Ernest, who can shoot the three, Kelsey Plum can shoot the three. We got a lot of girls that even stewy, but our starters didn't shoot the, didn't shoot the three. They were over, over 4, 5, 6. They were over for six. But they dominated so much inside and on what we have 37, we had 56 rebounds. They had 27. See that's the difference between your ball right there. Ocho, you got, you get out rebounded by almost 30. You are probably gonna lose by a wide margin Every time. Every time. Congratulations ladies, keep the great workup. 1 0 2 to 76 over Japan. Go ahead, Ocho. Before, Before we leave, is there a team that you can think of that has an opportunity or a chance to even challenge the young ladies?


Well, I think they didn't, they play, they played Japan in the gold medal round four a couple years ago. And it was close because they made the three. But if you're not making the three, because remember that's the neutralizer no matter what. Oh yeah. If you're making that shot, now everything is, is a level playing field. But do I believe that someone, you're probably gonna have to shoot about 60% and you're gonna need to get up 40 plus in order for you to beat these ladies. Right. That's just me because we're too, we're too, we're too dominant inside. Right. We're gonna crush you on the, on the glass, on the offensive glass, the defensive glass.


Asia Wilson had six offensive rebounds. Britney Grinder had four. They had 19 offensive rebounds. So to make a long story short, they had almost as many offensive rebounds as Japan had total rebounds. Yeah. So is is there a team you think that they're gonna see that can even give them a inkling of a chance to give them a challenge? I don't see it. I think they, I think they only beat Belgium. Was it Belgium? That they played Ash in the, in the world and the fba and they won by a couple of points, but I don't think, I don't think Asia was there at the time. And so a lot of the players that, that are playing now wasn't there then. Right. But I don't ocho because like I said, although it is a global game, you don't see the, the international born players playing in the WNBA, like you see on the men's side.


Right. The men's side got 60 plus international players on NBA team, like I said. And there are no Lauren Jackson's, Lauren Jackson was the Seattle Storm. She won three MVPs. They won a title. Is that level of talent currently in the NBA on the international side? I don't see it. I don't see it. Right. But hey, I ain't mad. I mean, it used to be, I mean, for the longest time the the Asian companies was dominating and split. And ain't nobody feel bad for us. Get better. No. Yeah. You, you just gotta step your game up. That's it. None more, none less.


Steven Netic, clutch, Palmer horse routine powers the US to a historic Olympic bronze. And men's just gymnastics, the US men's gymnastics, gymnastics teams won its first medal in 16 years. Japan took gold, China took silver. And if I'm not mistaken, I think I was reading he was added just for this. Yeah. Because he's that elite on that apparatus. Oh yeah. The difference between the men and the women. The women have four events. The men have six, the women have floor vault What? Uneven bars. Uneven bars in the beam. And the men, obviously they have the vault, they have the floor, but they have the pommel horse.


They have the, the high bar, they have the par the rings, which is Oh my Goodness. Yeah. The strength that they just, those guys, the Hold Body strength. Yes. And I listen, not being, look, guys are not being sacrilegious, but when you hold yourself in that cross light poles Out Like this. Yeah. You talking about the shoulder strength, you Talking about core, core, core and shoulder, shoulder strength. Unbelievable. Nah, I ain't holding myself out like that right there. Mm. I mean, you think, I mean, think about it. I mean, yeah, and I know those, I mean, the guy's probably the heaviest one, probably maybe one 60.


But you're talking about 1 35, you're talking about 1 45. But still, oh, you think it's easy if you wear 1 45, take your ass outside and try to hold yourself up. You see, Matter of fact, and forget having, forget to having the rings. Try to do it on the monkey bars. Try, try to do it on the monkey bars. Yeah. I I mean I I I love ball. I mean I love watching gymnastics. I love the, the, the height in which they go on the vault. Simone Biles is, which she do the, the flip because it ain't no more, it ain't fun no more to just run up there and just your people put your, your hands on the, on, on the, you know, on the vault. Nah, you gotta flip, you gotta twist. You gotta do like three or four things before you even get there.


I'm like, well damn. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Y'all, they, they just, they they've taken it to a new level and the, the, the, the degree of difficulty because that's what you're, you're measuring them on. It's so, I mean, even, even if she doesn't land it perfect, nobody else can do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That, that, that's what make, that's what makes it special. She's so great. She's competing. There are very few people that compete against themselves in the course of event. Yeah. Right. She's competing against herself. Nobody else can do the moves that she does. They can't do what she does on the floor. They can't do what she does on the, the vault.


Right. So if you judging it fair, they're like, can anybody can raise your hand if you can do that? No. And listen, it's not, and and the funny thing about it is raise your hand and see if you can do this. But can you do it right in the one time where it counts? Oh, no, No. I mean, think about it. I think That's where the pressure comes. That's where the pressure comes in at. I Think, I'm trying to think of the lady that did a, did a bowels a move. 'cause she has six moves named after in competition. Only one other woman has ever landed it in competition other than the woman that it was named after. Named after. Yeah. Let that sink in for a second.


Ocho Yeah. That's difficult, man. Let's just Say that's difficult. Give it, for example, let's just say in, in the course of a game, only one other person in the history of the game has ever made a one hand catch in the game. That's what you, that's what you're comparing it to. Not practice in a game. She's the only person outside of Simone Biles to land this move in a competition. Yeah. Let alone attempt it. She actually landed it. Yeah. So congratulations ladies. The US Women's National basketball team that you guys win. 1 0 2 76. Congratulations to the men gymnastics team bringing home bronze medal, first medal in 16 years.


Novak Djokovic. Yay. Beat Naro and na doll in their 60th and possible last meeting. Head to head. Yes. Yeah. 6 1 6 4. The victory for Joker. The same place where the doll won 14 French open titles. You know, he, he's not the same. The ball the doll, he plays such a physical game. The injuries have taken his toll. That's not to just take regular Novak. He's the greatest tennis player ever. No matter what you think of it. A lot of people don't like he rubbed them the wrong way. But based on what he's been able to do, he's beaten all the greats in their prime. He beat be he beaten the dog. He beat Murray.


I don't know. And he has what, 25, 24, 25 majors. I don't know how you can say he's not the goat. Yeah. He's he's one of the greatest of all time based on as No, These ain't no one of the Yeah, yeah. These You greatest of. Look at all the guys that he beat. Nadal has over 20 majors. Yeah. Feder Feder was graceful. He was be federal. The, the, the Swiss maestro. But when you look at Ocho, federal has 20 majors. Yeah. Think about how many times Joker beat him. Al has 21 majors. Think about how many times he beat him. Right. So he's beating them on their best surface.


Tha is a grass. He's he's, he's, he's grateful. He's he's a swan, he's a ballerina on grass. Right, Right, right, right. Joker beat him on Clay. Nadal has 14 grand slams on clay roll on ghettos. Joker beat. Yeah. So he's beating you. If I beat you on your best surface, you and your prime, I'm in my prime. I got more majors. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, those matchups, those matchups are always good though. Anytime. Yes. Anytime Joker and the dog met up, especially in they prime. Yeah. Mind you, they play, they played 60 times, huh? 60. Yeah. They played 60 times and obviously this, this, this match and the dog just need a hip surgery.


Yeah. Not, not, not less than a year ago. So he, he's probably not even fully healed, fully healthy. Yeah. But again, they, they, they both had phenomenal careers and, and Joker probably is the best And the best still. I mean, Nadal hits the ball with so much torque core muscle. If you notice, every time he goes down it's core muscle, it's a wrist injury because he's putting so much torque on the ball. But it was great to watch watching the doll and Federer in their prime. It was great to watch. I mean, let, let, let's sink in. If you go back and look at it, think about how few people actually won majors.


You'll never see this again in, in any sport. Three guys dominated. I mean, out of the last, what, 80 majors? They won like 75 of them. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. You know, when You, you get Del Poro, you get Depot, you get Killick, you get, you throw to Andy Murray, right? That's it. Oh, and Stan War Winker. Right. He's a Swiss player also. Now, the funny thing about it is, when you think about all Joker has accomplished as far as his accolades is concerned, I think there is one player that might have a chance to come close or maybe even surpass him. And as Carlos, Carlos Alcaraz. Yep. Alcaraz. I, I think Al Alcaraz is phenomenal in, in such an early time in his career.


He just beat, just beat Joker maybe two weeks ago at Wimbledon. Wimbledon. If I, if, if I'm not mistaken, he's a phenomenal talent. Oh, he is. Absolutely. He's a phenomenal talent. And he's very young and has a long way to go. Yeah. And, if you can stay healthy, boy, the sky's a limit for a young bull. Yeah, for sure. And the thing is that, that, that, that, but you look at Joker, he didn't have that intestinal fortitude early. Yeah. He reinvented himself where he would dig down, he would get down a couple cents. He's like, I I can't win. And he'd pack it up. Yeah, He'd pack it up. Yeah. No, Not anymore. Not. No, Not no more. Not anymore. I think it flipped for him. I think that was oh eight at the US Open Fed had Matchpoint on his racket twice.


Joker held him off. That was kind of the beginning of that was the kind of Yeah. The beginning of, of Novak Djokovic. But it was great. I agree with you to see these guys. We've never seen anything like it. I'm old enough to remember, remember be on Borg when he dominated on clay. Because for the longest time, Ocho, all the surfaces were the same. You played on grass, you went down to Australia. It was grass. The US open, it was grass. Wimbledon was grass. Grass. Yeah. The only difference in the, in the surface was when you went to Ro Long, the French open, it was clay. Right? Now you have, you know, now you have two hard courts, which is the Australian Open and the US open, you have grass, which, which is Wimbledon.


And you have clay, which is, you know, Rolon garros. And so I'm old enough to remember the old guard Borg and Beatus Gerus. And you had Stefan Edburg and you had Pete San, and you had go running bitch. Yeah. Man. You had Michael Ste. You had all those I I remember those guys. O Courier Chang. Yep. Michael Chang. I remember Chang. Yeah. Chang was nice. Yeah. That was, that was probably the glory. Now you get, you had Joker the doll and Federer dominated. They be like, well, damn. Yeah, my guy. Because you know, if you had to go through those guys, I mean, maybe you could like, man, I show hope. Well, maybe Federal can knock off Theall, and then maybe I got a chance.


But just like if you had to run, if you had to run the gamut and you had to beat two of those in a major, yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be tough. It happened, but it didn't happen often. Yeah, it didn't happen often. It's, it's tough. Nadal certainly seems as if this could be close to retirement. He has had two injury field seasons. He even, he forego, he, he skipped the, the French, which is his favorite surface. His best surface, because he was kind of trying to save it for this. Yeah. He had needed hip surgery a little more than a year ago and recently spoke about 2024 being his farewell.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including A Rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Check this out. OCHO American Ride Murphy secured the bronze medal in the hundred meter best stroke final at the Olympics Monday. But it was certainly the start. Remember 29, 20 9-year-old swimmer after the medal ceremony, Murphy walked the victory lap around the pool. Words wife waited with a sign. Ryan, it's a girl. He told reporters. So I'm having a baby girl in January and that was the gen gender reveal to me. Yeah. What we brought it, we brought it, we both thought it, it was going to be a boy. Everything is going to be dedicated to a little girl. That's Awesome. That's live. That's live. That's live. Ryan Murphy. Congrats boss. Yes. Congrats, congrats.


Congrats. That's awesome, huh? That's awesome. Yeah. But I, I like this. I mean, they go, they going too far with the agenda reveals they getting airplanes. They, I mean, come mean come On man. But that, that, that's, that's a creed one. That's a good one. It it is not. It's not, it's not. It's, it's a, it's, it is a great moment. It's at the Olympics. You just won bronze medal, you know, in a hundred, a hundred meter breaststroke and your wife reveals you that you having a girl that got to be the greatest feeling Yeah. Of all time. Ain't, ain't, ain't nothing greater than that. Right. So, congratulations, Ryan, on the bro on the bronze medal and congratulations on the Healthy baby girl that your wife is gonna deliver in January.


Olympic swimming results in the 400 meter. Im Summer Macintosh. The 17-year-old Canadian phenom. She won the gold medal. 17 man. 17. We got first we got second and third. We won the silver and the bronze. It was KK, it was their first Olympic gold medal of her career Monday night in a grueling 400 meter. Im touching the wall in four minutes. 27.71 seconds. The man's 200 free final Popovich gold pops. Some bronze, what you call them in the men's back final. Who is that? How do you say that?


Scon Cone Gold American and Murphy got the Bronze Women's hundred meter breast final Smith Gold American King misses the medal bow with 0.10. That's Lily King. Oh man. And the 202 in the free final Australia one two F OC Callahan Beats tip. Oh my gosh. That's the shocker right now of, of Ariana Tempus. She's phenomenal in, in the two to the 400 because she just beat Kayla Ledecky in the 400 and that was her back.


She went back to back. Oh my I know. Yeah. I I know who she is. I know what she represents. And the freestyle at two and the four Oh oh yeah, yeah. 24. Yeah. Yeah. But the Australians, they've been dominant. They've been, they really dominant at this Emma McKinnon and the men on the men's side, they used to have a guy, they called him the torpedo. Ian Thorpe, the Australians, they're great. They're greatest women. They, they normally give the Americans all they can have it. The, the, she breaks Temas rec Olympic record in 2021 and Mrs. Tuss world record from last month by just 400 of a second.


And Tempus. And she's young. I mean, she's only 23. Right. Ariana Tempus. So, but the longer distances where cater the decade will be favored. The 800 and the 1500 meters, if I'm not mistaken, she probably have the 30th fastest times in the 800 and the 30th, 30 fastest times in the, in the, in the 1500. But yeah, congratulations to all the winners. Congratulations. A dream come true. You worked your whole life for this. I mean, some people dreamed of going to the Olympics and being on that state, that podium and hearing your national anthem play. And some of this has come to fruition.


And some you gotta stand on the medal that it, it nothing wrong with being the third best person in the world. World at an event. Yeah. Everybody wants gold. Let's let, let's not Yeah. Hit ourselves. Everybody wants to be number one ocho. But yeah, If I give you everything I got ocho, I can't. Yeah. It's just like a football game. Ocho And I tell, tell Mike, I said Mike, you know that guy got a check too. I said, if I go out there and give a guy every, if I give you everything I got, I got Yes sir. Because I know what I put in it during the course of the week. I know the prep that I that led up to getting on that field on a Sunday or whatever the day is, get beat. I mean, what you want me to do? Yeah. Hey, you listen, you win something, you lose something. But anytime you can represent your country unc and you can meddle, you know, you won't go.


We all, we all won't go. You put in four years worth of work to get to this point. Sometimes you can't win 'em all. No, but if you can meddle, if you get s silver, if you get bronze, man, I'm, I'm up there with a smile. Even if I, you know, I, we, we all won gold. Yeah. We all wanna be number one. You know, As long as you give it your best. As long as that, man, if I'd have done this, as long as there's no, I'd have done this in the back of my mind. Right. You good, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there have been some games. I'm like, damn, I don't know why I tried that move. I don't know why I tried to rep, I should have just went arm over or I should have did this. I should have. Yeah. You know, you, you got that in the back. But sometimes, Hey dude, cover my best route 84.


You gotta win. Hell, I thought I was gonna win. You thought I went out there and lose the damn you thought I went out there and lose today. Right, right, right, right. That's A good one. You know what I found out? Hey, I, I told, I told my position coach what time I said bp. I said, you know what I found out, I found out them guys study tape two. You know that we ain't the only one watch tape. Yeah. They they get, they get paid too. Yes. Same way. Matter of fact, bp, he make more money than me. Check this out. OCHO Canada is appealing is six point deduction levy by FIFA against the Olympics women's soccer team.


That's stemmed from a staffer flying a drone over New Zealand's training session. Before the start of the Paris game, the Canadian Olympic Committee and Canada Soccer filed an appeal with the court of arbitration. CAS on Monday arguing and unfair it unfairly punishes the athletes for the action. They had no part of what goes for, hold on, wait a minute. They would've gonna be the ones that benefited. Yeah. Yeah. They, why you, lemme ask you a question, Ocho, why do you think the coach or whomever responsible for this was flying the drone over the practice? Do you not think they were gonna not gonna pass that information down to the, to the, the, the, the players And they did? Absolutely. That's the whole point.


That's like, that's the whole point. But you know, you know what the funny thing about it? When I think about, let's say if you do have information, you have drone information on what the tactics are. Yes. And what they're gonna do as far as practice goes. When I think about the game of soccer, think about the game of soccer. I'm not sure what type of information you can give. It would, it would probably, it would probably help you, it would probably help in a sense. But you still have to go out there and execute. You still have to go out there and score. You still have to go out there and pass a Lot. Even if, you know, lemme ask you a question. Ocho, why do people rob banks? Because That's where the money is. If you were not gonna get any information, why would you do it? It's like, it's the same argument that they used in Spygate, right?


Well, you still got, well, if you weren't going, if you weren't gathering anything, think about how much time you spend your time on things you think they're gonna run. Right. How many, lemme ask you a question. How many teams you think that defensive coordinators devote time to the wildcat now? None. You know why? Because they don't believe anybody's gonna run it. Right. So if you're gonna, if you, if you're gonna go to the length that you're gonna take a drone to fly over someone's practice, you believe you can gather information that that's gonna help you at a later date in time. It's really that simple. Right? You right, you right.


I mean man, man, they stole the code. Well why you stole the code man. I just did. Oh, you stole somebody computer code. You hacked somebody computer. For what? For information. Information. Yeah. There's something on there that you felt could be beneficial. If it's, it's, it, it's, it's really that simple. So this notion that, oh, you stole something or you did something that was Well you still gotta go out there and play the game. Well it's a lot easier to play the game if I know what they're doing. Yes. Yes. That's why they kept doing it. Lemme ask you a question, Ocho, do you believe they Did? They did it more than Once? No. I'm saying do you believe, oh, okay.


Coach Belichick would've stopped Spygate had he not been caught. Would he have stopped it on his own? I'm not. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Sure. Think about, not sure. Think about how much money Pablo Escobar made. They say Pablo Escobar was doing a billion dollars a week. Yeah. At $52 billion a year. Why not just quit? You got, I thought that's what you did. You know, I'm gonna retire, make little money. I'm gonna retire. You, me to tell me somebody gonna get that kind of information. Yeah. You right. You right. You ain't Stop. You can't quit. You supplying 83% of the world.


And think about this Ocho, you had already won three Super Bowls doing that. You not stopping. Yeah. Well I have a question. Yes. How many did he win after you couldn't do Spygate no more. You, He still won. But here's the thing that's like saying you get power for peds and it's like, well he hit the home run but he hit home runs afterwards. That still don't take away that you cheated before though. We caught you. That guy. Yeah. Okay. Ocho you might not cheat anymore. You know what Ocho you might not have cheated, but we did catch you embezzling some funds. Now you might have went on the straight and narrow after that. But what we supposed, sir, are we supposed to overlook what you did before that?


Nah, neither. You don't overlook it. But what it does say is, you know what, well, you ain't even need to do no goddamn spygate 'cause you probably would've won 'em anyway. We'll never know. We'll, never. I mean we, we won't. We can't. Yeah. Yeah, We won't. We won't. Because, because we can only go by the information that we have. Have Yes sir. That's it. Steve Kerr says Jason Tatu will have playing time against South Sudan. Let's take a listen to what Steve Kerr had to say. And this is the, for sure the hardest part of this job is, you know, sitting At least a couple of guys who are world class, you know, some of the very best players on earth and it, it, you know, the one hand it makes no sense at all on the other.


It's, I'm, I'm asking these guys to just commit to winning, you know, one game and then move on to the next one. I have to do the same thing. And so I, I felt like last night that was the, those were the combinations that made the most sense. Jason will play tomorrow. You know, it's, I'm not gonna answer your next question, which is if, if he plays who doesn't, but we're gonna need him. And part of this job for me is to keep everybody engaged and ready. It's hard Ocho Yeah, I I Say that.


One of the best players in the world. Yeah. He's the only first team all NBA player that's on the roster. Yeah. And he didn't play a minute. Yeah. He didn't even take his sweat. Ja his jacket off. Yeah, It off. Yeah. I said, I said it, I said it last night. I said it last night. The pressure that is on Steve Kerr to keep all the players happy, to make sure everybody gets minutes is very difficult. And I think he only came out today because of the backlash from the media, from the backlash from the fans. Yeah, for sure. So many people that's commented OCHO in 92, that's not Christian Laettner in 1992, he's the only collegiate player against all the other, these all world, all NBA all star players.


We know what Jordan and Magic and all the, we know what they were. This is not that. Right. Jason Tatum is a champion. He's a three time first team all NBA selection. He's a perennial all star. So it's not comparable to him being in a situation like Christian Laettner on the 92 Dream team. Right. Where you have 11 pros, one co collegiate player and all these guys. Jason Taylor line. Hold on, bruh. I get, I get, bro, I get kd I get Steph. Yeah. If, if, if, if I can't go in for so for them, but I be damn if I gotta take a backseat to everybody else.


Yes. Yeah. That's great. Especially coming at, especially after coming off a NBH championships. Yes. Yes. Man, stop playing with me. Absolutely. I know. You think he was upset? Did he look visibly upset Man, please under speak about what I just said. He's a three time first team all NBA selection. He's a perennial all-star and he just won the championship. He didn't take his u he didn't take his warmup jacket off. Ocho do I already think he was upset. So that means he already knew. That means He, I mean, you sit, there Was a conversation that was had before the game. No, the the, the arena's cold. So you guys, you know guys always, when they're sitting on the bench, they, especially if they come outta the game, but he never win in the game.


So you keep the jacket on to stay warm. So when you know a hey Tatum, you know, And then they okay, okay. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. Shit boy, I I could imagine the conversation they having as players Your head, Listen, you know, you know they, you know they making, they making jokes now. Nah, no, no, no, no. Not in this situation. Not in this situation now after we win the gold medal and you know, now You know how they're Yeah, No, on the way back Ocho on the way back, you know. Hey, because you know how we is Ocho like we be in a game. Somebody get blowed up, somebody get knocked out. You. Hey you okay? We, hey we let that thing fly. Right. But the boy oh boy.


Yeah. Oh no. Hey listen, you, you saw some of the memes? Oh yeah, for sure. You know them boys man them jokes is flying now them jokes is them jokes. Them jokes is flying. I, I don't think so. O ocho they different than us now. Now you get beat. No, you get beat. But come on Ocho, you gotta think about it now. Yeah. You know your best player. They ain't giving you no jokes now. Yeah. Yo, you ain't make no Carson got blown up. You ain't make no jokes. Oh, nah, nah, nah. DJJ got blown up. You ain't make no jokes. Right. You, hey, you let a little time slide now we win the gold medal. Hey, you gonna, you win the gold medal first thing you say. Right. Hey jt, you gotta get yours back.


You ain't play all the games. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? You gotta, I'm just telling you what's gonna be sad because Right. I've been in a situation where we had guys that didn't really didn't play in the postseason and you know, they show up for the ring ceremony. I'm like, why you here, what you do? You must have cut the grass so you went gotten you bought something because you damn sure ain't place. You know, you make fun of a situation then. But it's too raw right now. Ocho. Yeah. Oh. He feeling some type of way now. Hey, listen, they, I don't, I don't know Unc man. Just being around them boys, man. Them boys don't play now. And they, and they, they want, they want to catch you when it's fresh Right outta the oven.


So, so I'm, I'm telling you man, Katie ain't playing. Steph is a comedian man. Who, who, who else we got over there? A man I know going, going, going let it fire. Oh, you a ain't a ain't letting that slide, man. I'm telling you. Yeah, I could, Hey, I, I could, I could hear the jokes right now. I don't think if JT doesn't sub in for Yeah. LeBron, Steph, kd Yeah, I think he cool with that. You talking about guys that are MVPs, final MVPs.


We know what LeBron represents. We know what Steph is. We know who KD is. But he said Hold on. You mean to tell me everybody else outside of those three better than me? Yeah. I can't, you mean to tell I can't get two minutes. Okay. Oh. So we up by, we up by 18, four minutes to left. You can't bring your boy in now. Now that's even more disrespectful. Put me in with the la put me in the game the last four minutes and I ain't played all game. Yeah, it's tough. I mean he's a, it it was a tough spot regardless because Yeah. As JT as being a superstar player, he knows what it's like to see guys on the bench and don't get in the game.


Yeah. He just never thought it would happen to him. Him And then, like you say, I mean, there's been situations like, hey get in there. Like hell nah, I ain't going in there. Hell you, you know. I see, I see. Tell Coach. Nah, I ain't going in. I'm good. You good? Y'all got it y'all. Hey, y'all done played all this time. Y'all done did all this. Y'all didn't need me. I ain't Finn. Hey, I ain't Finn. Hey, I ain't on no Boogie. No, no, no, no Boogie team. Oh no, You, you ain't going in there garbage time, huh? Nope. Oh man, that's messed up. He, he gonna, he gonna, he gonna play this game now. Listen, now look, all that is is added pressure on him too now because not everybody watching.


So when they played the next game and Jason Tatum is in there, what you think everybody's expecting Right Now? You gotta go in there and cut a fool. Look, we didn't need go and do something bad to South Sudan because they feeling good about themselves. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We we need to go ahead from the jump jump on them right away. Yeah. Like, okay. It's a great story. Kinda like the Jamaican bobsledding team. Congratulations. They gained the independence. What? Over a decade ago. Lou all ding has been unbelievable because he's been financing this team, Financing this team out Of his own pocket. But we about to, we about to show, we about to, we about to show y'all there's levels to this And Oh yeah.


Couple more years y'all can get there, but y'all not on our level. And, we gonna show you today. Ojo. What? Let's go. Oh, Joe, I can see you. You got that Spirit airline. That Spirit Airline wifi huh? Where it's bad And not in a good way. Well I'm, I'm, I'm in a, I'm in a hotel. I'm in a, I'm in a good hotel. I'm at the Grand, oh, I'm about to say where I'm at. You, I'm in a good hotel in Orlando. You Must have what you call it, you must have used the wifi from Spirit. No, I'm, I'm using the hotel wifi. I even paid the extra $25 for the, for the Fast? No, the, the Fast Connection or whatever they call it. Yeah.


Oh, oh yeah. Okay. Hold on, wait a minute. Did did we do, did we do Nightcap yesterday? Yeah, I was home. I drove to, I drove to Orlando this morning. Oh yeah. And but you knew you was gonna be on First Take and you ain't share that with me. Wait, I ain't know I was on first take till this morning. You know, you know you didn't. No, I promise. I promise. No, listen, Doug Dougie Dougie didn't send me the thing. I was in the gym at six o'clock this morning and then they sent me a reminder at nine o'clock say, oh yeah, you don't first take this morning. I say, God, dog it. I forgot, mind you, I was almost late for my hit because I was still in, I was still in there. I was eating breakfast at 10 o'clock and the thing came through. I said, what? I had to leave my food. But, but you, but you knew there's a possibility that you could be on that they had been talking to you.


Oh no, they all that run through all that run through them. That was for the ea the Madden stuff. Nah, this ain't for no Madden stuff. They ask you stuff about Tyreek, they ask you a lot of other stuff. Oh, I'm sitting there watching it. Yeah, I know you watching it. That's about Madden. Did you forget it? It was the, the Whole second was about, so there ain't no, so, so that, that was, that's your first and last time being on first date this fall? Oh no, I, no, I, I'm, I'm going back on Wednesday. Oh, Okay. Okay. I was just making sure. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Just making sure. But, but, but again, let me, let me finish. I'm going back on Wednesday, but this is still related to Madden. I think it just gonna be a different position. We, it might be DB's Wednesday or it might be quarterbacks Wednesday and I'm on Thursday too, I think.


But all of it is, is based on the video game and the players' ratings for the new game coming out a few weeks. Okay. And you know, I, I shot my shot today too. I told, I told him, listen, y'all got me on here and I would love to be on here a little bit more often. You know, hope, hope the bosses saw that, you know, y'all wanna come on, bring your boy on. Let me know now. And they, they get me on first take. I'm going to get by 30, 37. 37, 11 suits made different colors with a nice matching shoes. Oh, What? And a tie. You gonna be in your house on the box? Oh, nah. I'm, I'm going in New York. I'm in studio. Oh no, Not in studio too. It's, it's cost prohibitive because they see it. Don't see ocho. Hold on, hold on, on Unc.


I can get me a spare flight to New York real quick. I don't need to, Nothing put up. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna let you have, okay. Whatever you Say. I'll pay, I'll pay for my hotel. Okay. Just get me on first take. I don't, I don't care. You Gonna be on first. If you gonna be on first take, it's gonna be on the box. I don't, I'm not ocho I'm not even traveling to New York. See, you don't wanna travel. I wanna travel. I wanna be in studio. No, we Don't. I want, man, I want my makeup done. I want people to see my suit tailored. You know, I, I, they Can see it, they can see my suit tailored. Sitting right here, just like this right here. Just like me and you talking. I can have a suit on. Yeah. And it'd be Taylor. I don't, I got got insurance on up underneath the suit. I don't like that.


Unc. You see, you see I cost efficient. I can fly Spirit. I can put myself up. I don't, I don't need, I don't need 'em to do that. I just wanna be in studio. Why? I wanna see YI wanna Why feel like I'm a part of the show? Huh? Why you put yourself up? So, 'cause I got, I got Marriott, Marriott points. I ain't put myself up. Hell nah. No. Listen, I'm, I'm just happy to be on tv, boy. That's it. Yeah. You gonna be on tv? You think I'm, where do you think I be? Where you think I'm gonna be? Yeah, but you be, you like, dude, you do it from home. I wanna be in studio. I want the whole, I want feel most, most of them. A lot of them do it from home. Right. I mean, there gonna be times that they would like, okay, we need you to come to studio.


But for the most part, oh no. Yeah. But, but I'm, I'm, I'm a little different. 'cause it gonna be my first time on for, I ain't, I ain't never been on TV before. Yeah. So I want to be, I wanna be in there. I wanna be, I wanna be present. Like when the teacher say, Chad present. Mm. That's how I wanted to be. No, No, No, no. Because it was, it was just, it was just hard for me even leaving, because I'm getting up at X amount of time and the car has to pick me up, take me downtown to the studio. So that's 35, 40 minutes and then it's 45 minutes to 50 minutes on the way back. That's an hour and a half hour, 45 minutes of doing absolutely nothing.


I just don't have that kind of time to waste. And then going, going to New York and putting you, putting me up and bringing my team. Ash has to come. Jordan has to come. Right. It's just, See for, see for you, it's a little different. You have, you have a lot of moving parts in the way you operate and the way you move. Yes. Me, it's just me. Yeah. It's just me. I get on one of 'em little, them little bird scooters they got, you know, on the side of the street. Yeah. On my suit. Swipe pay little credit card. Pay a dollar for the little ride, ride to the studio. Ride back to my hotel in the little scooter. I'm good. I'm simple. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. I'm, I mean, it's just me. Well have fun with that appreci. Appreciate that.


Appreciate that, appreciate that. Appreciate that.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, uni Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders your loyal viewers show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including A. Rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Jalen Brown did not take Grant Hill's Con recent comments about US basketball decision to replace Kauai with Derek White and not Brown on the men's national team for Paris Olympics he'll said, I think this idea that it's a conspiracy theory, I always love a good conspiracy theory, but it re But what, but it what? But it was really truly a basketball decision. There are tough decisions. You want to find the right balance and the right pieces on the court that we needed. Jalen tweeted that grant, calling me a conspiracy theorist is disappointing. I've been VP since I was 21 years of old and have a great understanding.


Is it politics Now? This is something that you would know. There's politics in everything. It is, there is politics and everything in the world. Now when it comes to basketball and the shoe that you represent or the shoe that you're endorsed by, does that really matter? What does that have to do with anything when it comes to playing a team? USA? Now that I don't understand, and you can probably educate me on that. I, and gimme another history lesson. I mean, they got guys with Nike, Steph, courage with Under Armour. Ant Man is with Adidas, right? I think Joel M Beat is with Sketchers. Okay. I mean, So who is, who is, who is Jalen Brown with? I think he's by himself. He was with Nike, but you know, he started crossing the Nike Swoosh out and he kind of, I, I guess he's doing his own thing.


I don't know who he's with. Oh, so, okay. That, that might, that might be an issue. Now that Be, but everybody got upset Are internal issues. But I, I don't, I don't get, bro, there been a lot. I mean, you gotta be some UNC Grant Hill says, I'm trying to find the right balance. Yes, sir. And it's, it's, it's, it's, it's not easy to find the right balance because obviously, did you hear what they said? They said the only three that did not have the tryout was Steph Curry, LeBron James and Kevin Durant. You're talking about three of the most popular players. LeBron is the most popular player.


Steph is number two. KD is somewhere around in, in the top five. Okay. You kd this is your fourth Olympics. LeBron, this is your fourth Olympics. Steph, you've never been on the Olympics. Hey bro, we love to have you. Everybody else, I mean, Jalen, bro, come on. You get mad when Stephen a said that someone called and said he's not marketable. State your source. Well, that's the source you got left at home and you're the finals. MVP, you're the Eastern Conference. MVPI Think Jalen, I think Jalen Brown is phenomenal. I think what he does in his community, but those are two separate things.


You can see the notion is just take IG for example. Yes, sir. There are people that got 20 and 30 and 50 million followers and you like, where the hell are they? Yes sir. You can be a good player player and not be popular. You can be popular and not a good player. Everything is not a conspiracy of what I mean. I, he probably thinking he got left out because it was Nike and you know, So what, what, what would the answer be? Because to me it doesn't make sense to me.


I, I'm, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but the whole thing, he was with Nike at one point, not with Nike anymore. Whatever happened internally being left off the, I mean, it kind of makes sense on why, and I think he might know why. But I think the thing is ocho, but the question is, I don't think he was in the pool to begin with. Was he? Oh, Come on now. You don't think so? I don't know. I think they tried to fight it. Look, okay. Who can play around Steph, LeBron and, and kd. Okay, let anybody Think About it. Any of the, any Of the top players, Ocho, Ocho. Think about it. They took holiday. Why? He's a defensive guy. Yeah.


We don't, we need you to pick up. They might have their best player. He might be a guard. He might be 6 6, 6, 7 and below. We need you to hound him. Yeah. Look at holiday. Are there better players than the NBA than than your holiday? Yes. Yeah. Yes. But he fit. Okay. Derek White fits From a defensive from a defensive standpoint. And, But here's the thing. This is what I wanna know, Chad, y'all chime in with this. If that had, if what had happened to Jason Tatum had happened to Jalen Brown, how would he have handled it? Yeah, I see that look on your face.


Ocho You think he would've complained? I'm asking you. I'm just po the question to you That's, that's, that's a good one. I don't, I don't think he would've brought the attention to himself or the Olympic Team. He he attention to himself Now what You mean? Yeah, because because he was, he was left out, left off, and he feel he was worthy of, of an opportunity to Represent our country. So, okay. He gets added as ka wise replacement play. And he doesn't play a single dribble. He gonna keep quiet like Jason Tatum and going to the next game. Yes or no? I I don't know that man personally. I just, just to be honest, I can't even answer for him. So You don't, so you don't, you don't know that he's talking about conspiracy theories and he don't know why he's not on there.


But you, you, You, but you have to understand the situation would be a little different if you're, he's complaining about not being on the team now, being on the team and being in Paris and complaining about not getting no minutes. It's two different things. Yeah. I don't think so. Two, two totally completely d Well, at least You bro, you the finals. MVP, you got a contract for $300 million. Hey, that's, that's tough though. That's tough. Unc. I know how he feel. Oh, you Don't think, you don't think, hold on. You don't think it's tough being one of the best NBA player and you don't take your warmup jacket off and y'all win by 26. You don't think that's tough? Yeah, it's, it's, yeah, it's, Hey, but you gotta choose, choose your battles baby.


That's on, that's game number two. Choose your battles. Choose your battles wisely. I, I just, You gotta think, Tatu got so many more Olympics to hit too. He got, I think, man, JB is only a year older and they're gonna be in, they're gonna be, they're gonna be in la So they're the likelihood of Steph and LeBron and KD now. It could, it could. I mean, K KD and Steph could still be playing. I think LeBron will be gone. I don't think LeBron is gonna pro, I think LeBron's gonna probably play what this will be 22, probably play 23, 24. I mean, the level league play that. But he, I don I don't wanna put it out there that says, well, he's not gonna play. Go ahead With LeBron, his son Bryce.


When is his son? Bryce? In the NBA what year? Bryce or what? A junior in high school. Is Bryce a junior or a senior in high school this year? I think Ron is like two years. He's he's a junior. So that means he has a junior year, a sophomore year, a one year of college. So that's three years from now. So you don't think, you don't think Ron? Nah, I, I, I think, I think he got what he wanted was to play With Bronny. With Bronny. That's now, I don't know if he imagined it like this. Yes. Right, Right, right, right, right. And with his, with his, with his on the same team. But to be, that's man, to be in the NBA and my son's in the NBA, Like, think about that Unc, like, real quick, Chad, think about that.


Yeah. I can't think about that. Anybody in the chat? If you play NBA 2K, imagine you being LeBron. Imagine you being Bronny and turning on your PS five, turning on your, your Xbox, and you go to play NBA 2K and you get to play with you and your, so y'all sitting there playing against each other or playing with, I'm like, that's, oh, that's crazy. Bryce is a senior Ocho he's a senior, so he'll be in the class of 2025. So he's two years away from joining the NBA. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, that's crazy. That's so dope. And some people, some people are upset about it. Some people are upset about it. Now, that's The whole objective is that for the first time, we're normally, first of all, we're not, we're not normally in a position to even create nepotism.


Yeah. So finally somebody that looks like us from our community is in a situation. That's what they do all the time. Yeah. Andy Reid had his sons on his staff. Yeah. Mike Shanahan had his son on his staff. I mean, bill Belichick had his son on his staff. Don't nobody say a word. Yeah. Now all of a sudden LeBron has a, has the kind of power and the cache. Now it's a problem. More people. I wish, Hey, I wish I had the kind of power that I could put my people in place. Yeah. Hell, I'm thinking about it after my kids told me what they making, I'm like, well, damn.


We, we got, see, they, they, they, what they've done that they've convinced us that if we help our kid or we help someone that looks like us, it's a bad thing. If we bought it, we bought it. Yeah. We had it. Why they, why they help Theirs. That's his. Okay. Yeah. And listen that in the sports world, in the corporate world, they do it all the time. Always. What is it? 80, 85% of the jobs that get filled never get listed. Mm. Hey, hey, such and such, what you do. Hey, you know, my, my job, they down, they hiring.


There you go. Yeah, you good. But they've convinced us that if we help our family, it's a bad thing. Or we help our kids or, or, or a someone, a friend, a relative. Oh man, you can't do that. Right. With all the time. And I, I don't like to see, I don't like to see, ah, leave when I think, oh, man, that's crazy. But the, but the thing is, do I think j JB should have been Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Absolutely. Once you take Kauai, because Kauai basically plays the same position as jb I'm not arguing. I'm not, we're not arguing that. Right.


But bro, I mean, if you, if you live long enough, there are gonna be some opportunities that maybe you were more qualified for. Right. For that went to somebody else. That Went to somebody else. It happens. Happens all the time. It's called the world. Yeah. And Life. Life Life, hopefully. Knock on wood, he stays healthy in 2028. The Olympics are in la and JB and JT might dab in the heart of it. They gonna go dummy Because they, they're, there's a good chance that the big three to, they're now kd, LeBron and Steph won't be there because KD gotta be a year like 18 isn't he?


Isn't KD in year 18 2000? Yeah. That's 18 Goy. Yes. And that Steph, Steph came out what in 10 0 9. So is in year 16. It doesn't even, it doesn't even seem like that. It Doesn't, It doesn't even seem like that. It doesn't. I mean, people don't realize that. Yes, KD is in year 18. Your season 1818. That's crazy. It is, but it's, it's, it's tough. I think the thing is, what's, what's toughest for jb, he is like nobody.


But it goes back to the Isaiah situation. You see, now everybody gets to see how y'all pumping up Isaiah, how y'all was up jb but y'all was pooping on, well, what you call him didn't want him on the team. You see Now, Jack, Jack McCallum wrote a book that said the first thing they reached out to, to Jordan. Jordan says, who all gonna be on the team Such and such gonna be on the team? I'll go if he doesn't, because Isaiah had a finals. MVP Isaiah was a multiple time all NBA player. He was a multiple time all star. He was a national champ, most outstanding player. He was supposed to go in 80, but they boycotted.


So he didn't get an opportunity to go and he got denied. And everybody knows it doesn't matter what, if you like or dislike. Everybody knows why Isaiah wasn't on that team. He's better, he was better than, he was better than John Stockton. Right. And him and Jordan need to squash That. Let stop, stop this, stop this notion. Well, he didn't fit. What you mean? You Heard me? Huh? Man, Jordan, Isaiah need to squash that man life too short. Man. It never Gonna happen. I'm just saying, I'm just saying that they need to, somebody need to be the bigger man. I'm, I'm not sure who it would be, but they, to squash that Man, it ain't gonna happen. It ain't, Especially after all these Years.


I'm, I'm telling you the little bit that I know about Jordan, he's very prideful man. And it was, it was look, and everybody say, well, the pistons walked off, but go back and look at 88. If you go back and look when the, when the Pistons beat the Celtics, they left the court. Nobody said a word, but I think the thing had Bill Lamber left the court. Jordan didn't give a damn about no Bill Lamber. He said, Isaiah, you right. I shook your hand when you kick my ass two, three times. Right.


Give me that. But Isaiah said, we the bad boy. Pistons was one for one. It's one for all. Hmm. Look, I know Isaiah a little bit better than I know Jordan. Isaiah's always been great to me. Jordan, when I've met him, he's always been great to me. So I don't really have no dog in the fight, but I know this Isaiah should have been on that Olympic team. No matter what you think about Isaiah, he should let it go. That's still that and ain't nothing they can do about it now, Ocho, because he never gonna get what I feel. And that's the, and he knows that's the only piece of his resume that's, that's incomplete. A gold medal. He's like, I'm a champion in college.


I'm a champion in the N-B-A-N-B-A. I'm, yeah, I'm a finals. I'm a, I'm, I'm, I'm Isaiah. I'm, I'm Zeke. That's what it's, he can, He can reconcile that. But It's tough. And I think the thing is, is that, that, you know, this the Jalen Brown situation, I think Grant was trying to make a lot of the situation like, man, there ain't nothing really going on. He says, but I'm like a good conspiracy theory. And, and, and Jalen says, well, you're not taking, you're not taking me serious because you think this is kind of some kind of a joke. And it is. I mean, like, why wouldn't I be on the team given what I had accomplished? Right. And Politics. How you, how you go, man, politics and every damn thing.


Yeah. It, It ain't just happen with Jalen Brown. Yeah. But that's crazy. But if I'm him, I'm gonna sit back and like, you know what, I got a Easter conference. I got a Larry Bird award, I got the Bill Russell award. Two guys that, that are beloved, that are mythical in, in my organization. I got 300 million and I got a, I got a, I got a 12 piece onto my arm. I'm good. Yeah. I'm good Outta there, huh? Oh yeah. You couldn't hit, man, you couldn't hit me in that if I had all that going on. Right. I just, I won the Lab bird award, which is Easter Conference.


MVP, the Bill Russell Award, which is the finals. MVP. Right. I got a, I just, last year I got a 300 plus million dollar contract, which I'm living up to. And I got a lady that look like that. Yeah. You, you straight, huh? Wood. Hey. He, he trying to, he trying to complete the resume. It's not enough. You know how they think I not enough. I see ocho, you, man, you know, I know Ocho. Do you know how many times that I thought that I should have went to the Pro Bowl? Because I look at my numbers and my numbers were better. My team record was better and I didn't go. Yeah.


P politics Is what it is. Yeah. Yeah. It would it look better. Shannon, Sharpe, 14 years or 10 time, what do they call it? Pro Bowl 10? Pro Bowl. Yeah. Double digit ain't a whole lot of guys. They got double digits. Yeah. That's hard. Boy, that's Consistency. But it is what it is. I say, Hey, maybe some people thought I, that I went early in my career that I didn't deserve to go pay. Right, right, right. It's hard to say that when you look at my numbers, because every year, if you were tied in the a FC, you wasn't going unless being on myself pulled out. Right.


And you were nice. Hey man, I'm the first alternate take off That liar. Yeah, man, Ocho, you think I wanted to fly from la I wanted to fly from Georgia. That's a 10 hour and 12 minute flight direct from Atlanta to, to Hawaii trying to do that. Or if you break it up, you gotta fly to San back then you flew to San Diego, you flew to la or you flew to San Francisco. Right. You waited two and a half hours, and then you went, so it still, it took you five hours to get there. Two and a half hour, three hour wait, and then another three hours on there. So you're still over 10 hours. Yeah.


But I get, I used to, I, I used to break mine up. I don't want people to think that I don't understand what j that j what JB is feeling, because you can have all that. But I still think I earned, not that I deserve, I think I earned the right to be on this team. I feel I'm one of the 12 best players that could have been selected to be on this team. Definitely. Definitely The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.