
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs, Bank USA, salt Lake City branch terms, and more. At Apple Card dot com,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Right now, I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here, and I'm gonna save big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app, and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything, brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in Bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, that guy. Number 85, Liberty City's own route runner extraordinaire, bingo, ring of Fame, honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad o Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from, guys, because you've been supporting us so diehard. So for so long, we had to come on tonight, but boy, that game was good and terrible. I mean, the six, six to three, it was raining and then nobody wanna play.


They, you know, Seattle had to fly cross country on Christmas Day. Chicago's like, bro, we ain't got nothing to play for. We can't do anything. And boy, it was real Snooze Fest tonight. But we are here. We're gonna give you our insights on the game. Yeah, because we want to thank you for your support. So we wanna return the favor. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are here. Christmas just celebrated Christmas. Hopefully you had a wonderful time, whether it was Christmas, whether it was Hanukkah, Kwanza, whatever you celebrate. Hopefully it was safe and joyous. If you cannot find La Porter in a store in the city or state near you, order it.


We'll ship it directly to you. And remember, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. You know, we had our latest release that just dropped last month. T-shirts, sweats, hoodies, and stocking stuff for such as beanies, coozies, and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone started receiving their orders. We got some messages, some dms that Hey, we got our, got some more stuff today. Hopefully by Friday, which is tomorrow, everybody will have their shipments of the merchandise that they added, that they are ordered.


And we want to thank you again for your support. Continue support. Make sure you let us know what you think. Tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour. Stop. The tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Is February the sixth in New Orleans? Be there. Great guest are line up. We promise you you don't want to miss this. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please show us your support and go vote for UNC and ocho. The link is pinned in the chat on our social pages and in our social bios. Ocho the Seahawks defeated the bears six to three.


Kobe Bryant picks off Caleb Williams on fourth and 10 ceiling. The Seahawks victory. Should the bears have kicked the 50 or should the Bears have attempted a 57 yard field goal, or Try to try to pick up the first down there and get in, get closer. Well, listen Now, if they thought their kicker had the leg to even attempt a 57 yard field goal, especially with the, with the ink, with the weather the way it was, they would've went out there and did it. Yeah, they would've went out there and did it. Hey, listen, this good game, this game was not only good and terrible, boy, it was a snoozefest. You hear me? Yes it was. And on the part of the guy, on the part of the bears officer coordinator, not making any goddamn adjustments, adjustments to what the sea officer were doing the entire game.


No, they blitzing. It's a, it's a numbers game. It's always a numbers game. Make the adjustment necessary to give Caleb Williams the time to actually throw the ball. He running for a flight. They had 6, 6, 7 sacks. Yeah. In that situation, Ocho, you know, they're bringing gas. Hey, I'm gonna make, I'm gonna run smoke screens and jail breaks, screens and shallow Listen until you stop listening. That's, I gotta get the ball outta his hands. Listen, you got to, you gotta understand. You got to, you have to scheme against, okay, listen, when it comes to playing football, the game of football, it's simple. It's a game of matches. The game of numbers. And it's simply a chess match between the offensive coordinator and the defensive coordinator. Anticipate what they're gonna do. You in the fourth quarter, they've been blitzing the whole goddamn game based on your tendencies and downing distance.


Common sense. You gotta know what to do. They not even using K Williams to his goddamn strength. Well, anytime I got a mobile quarterback, ojo, the last thing I want to do is to give him time. I wanted to make him make snap decisions. So I'm gonna pressure, I'm gonna heat him up because I don't want him to sit back there because I know Caleb Williams wants to buy time. He wants to, Hey, let everything develop. No, I want, I want you to make quick decisions. And the way I do do that is that I blitz you. Yeah. And then, because when I blitz you, you gonna take your eyes off downfield because you gonna see the rush and you all of a sudden and you're not gonna readjust. And by the time you readjust, hey, we're gonna either have you outta the pocket or we gonna be Got you. And so that's what they were doing. I agree with you, Ocho. I didn't see any adjustments tonight that would make me think like, bro, y'all see what they're doing.


They're doing the same thing. Now maybe Seattle is not a blitz package team. Right? But you know, normally McDonald's is, is is a, he feel he can get pressure with his front four. But in that situation, I just want to speed Caleb Williams up. I do not want him to have time. Ocho. I don't want him to think about what he's doing. I wanna put pressure on him. And I wanna make him phonetic. I wanna make him frantic. I wanna make him like health, health to skelter. And when, if I can do that, I like my chances. He is a rookie. He's going to get better. But he's not gonna get better in this system. He's not gonna get better this year. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Listen, it's malpractice. What they're doing to him offensively, whoever the coordinators are, whatever, whatever they're doing.


Ob, he look like a deer in headlights, huh? Yep. Every time he look like a deer, a deer in headlights. He has no time to be composed. He's always on the run. He's running for his life and they confuse him the entirety of the night. I'm talking about confused. I mean, that's Man, they did. But Ocho, it's ocho. But it is okay to throw the ball away. You are not gonna look, I know in college you were able to get away from a lot of this, a lot of this OCHO because that's what, you know, he won the Heisman Trophy. He does have Gate es escape Escap ability. He does. He's able to throw the ball on the run, rolling to his left, rolling to his right.


Right. He ha does he can do that. Ocho, a lot of times mobile quarterbacks get themselves in trouble dealing that they can escape everything. Everything. Look at the most sack guys. And a lot of the guys that have been most sacked are your most mobile guys that you wouldn't think, right There are your Michael Vicks, there are your Justin Fields, there are your Lamar. Now Lamar doesn't get sacked as much as he did early in his career because he understands he does a better job of getting off the football. But Steve Young used to get sacked a lot. Steve McNair used to get sacked a lot. Randall Cunningham used to get sacked a lot. Go back and look at a lot of your mobile quarterbacks and you'll see, because they run themselves out of harm's way on the front side only to run themselves into trouble on the backside.


But he's gonna have to do a better job because they can't protect you all. They could put you behind the great Wall of China, but at some point in time, you're gonna have to find a way to get rid of the football OCHO and not take those unnecessary sacks. Yeah. Because sometimes he take, not tonight, notwithstanding, he takes sacks. That takes 'em outta field goal range. Yeah. Or it puts him in a bad situation. Well, it could be third and say four. Now all of a sudden it is third and 11. It's third and 13. You can't do that because you're not over, you're not good enough to overcome long downing distances down in and down, out, game in and game out. Listen, if they, if, if the officer coordinator and the head coach know that the officer line is as bad as it is, they are, they know bad the way it is.


You gotta, you gotta run the quick game. You gotta run the quick game. If you're not having any, any success on the ground, you gotta be able to get the ball outta Caleb's hands as fast as possible. Help 'em. Listen. If the receivers are having problems getting off the ball and getting open, condense the goddamn spits, put 'em in bunch, put, put players in motion, do it. There's so many different things you can do from a creative standpoint to not only help Caleb Williams, but to help the officer line and the woes that they have and get the players in your, in your playmakers hands. It's too many things you can do from a creative standpoint that they're just not doing. Especially tonight watching what the Seahawks is doing. And I'm sitting here watching the game. Well, god damn, why you running, why you running routes 12 yards and over?


And you know, you not, you don't have no time to throw the guy down. You ain't That kind of time to, you don't got the time to complete the ball. What the Seattle Seahawks approved the nine and seven, they're half game back of the Rams for the NFC West, the Rams this week. They're at home the last two games. They got the Cardinals this week, and then they have the Seahawks the following week. Both games are at home. The Seahawks tonight recorded seven sacks, countless pressures. Gino Smith, 17 of 23 a buck 60, Caleb Williams, 16 of 28. 1 22. No touchdowns, one interceptions. Like I said, look, I understand the conditions, but it just was bad football. Plus it's Thursday plus it's Christmas. Ain't nobody really trying to travel Seattle like man, bro.


And you know, Ocho, when you traveling from the north way north, I mean, you can't go further north than what Seattle is. Yeah. Unless you got a team in Alaska or Russia, that's as far north, you gonna be able to go. Right. But this game was not very good considering. And even the games last night, Ocho Yeah. The they were one sided yesterday. Yeah. And, but oh man, I mean, and, and, and what Texan only scored four points. I mean two points. Two, considering that the Saints got shut out, they were the first team to get shut out in the 2024 season. They scored zero points. Seattle, excuse me, Seattle, Pittsburgh only scored 10 points.


But tonight you got bad offenses that didn't, didn't execute very well. It was raining. Yeah. It's the day after Christmas. Give various fans credit for showing up. 'cause they know they're not going anywhere. They're trying to be very supportive. So I I I tip my hat Ocho to teams, to fans that go out there when their team, they know their team is trash and they're not very good and they're not going anywhere. And they show up with the same passion as if they're in Kansas City. The same passion is they're with Philly or they're in Baltimore, or one of these teams that they're know they're going to the playoffs. But I I commend the bears for doing what they doing. Right. Because they don't have a whole lot to share, share about.


It's promising. It's gonna be very interesting to see who they hire and the offensive coordinator that they get to, to groom and to cultivate Caleb Williams. Don't mess this up. Bears y'all really haven't had good quarterbacks in a long, long time. I don't know if you've ever, hell, you might gotta go back to Sid Luckman. I know what Jim McMahon did. But don't you, for the most part, they haven't had very good luck at quarterback position. And and if they mess this up, they're gonna be kicking themselves. Listen, They, they, they should be kicking themselves for what they've done to quarterbacks for, I don't know how long it's been. Jim McMann is the last one I can remember that has some type of success, obviously.


But when you think about it, I think about the coaches that are out there. They had Pete Carroll's name in it. But from a creativity standpoint, understanding the, the skillset and how special Caleb Williams is having someone that can come in there and get the most outta his potential and what he's able to do. Ben Johnson, I know you gonna see this clip. All coaches, all players see these clips that we have on Nightcap. Ben, if you have opportunity, man, please not only save that franchise, but save Caleb Williams. Save Caleb Williams and allow him, I mean, you, you are one of the, one of the few officer coordinators who was serving to that of Andy Reed who has a, the, the creative prowess from an officer standpoint that can get him to his full potential and, and change that and turn that Bear's organization around.


I mean, please Yeah. Somebody gotta do it. And he's the only one I can think of. He's the only one I can think of. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, because the success that Kingsbury has had with Jayden Daniels. Yeah. Do you look at him? You see, he did get Kyle Murray rookie of the offensive rookie of the year was about to do it again with Jayden Daniels offensive rookie of the year. Right. He coached Johnny Manze, got him to Heisman, Kyle Murray got him the Heisman, if I'm not mistaken. He might've been the coach with Baker Mayfield. Got him the Heisman, but nah, may maybe Baker was, was it Cliff or was it, what's the guy, what's the offensive coordinator name at us?


The, the head coach at USC. But Cliff has done a great job of cultivating young quarterbacks Yeah. Getting them prepared to play. If I'm not mistaken. He was, I think he had Pat Ma homeboy at, At Texas. Lincoln Riley, Lincoln Riley, I don't know, maybe Lincoln Riley had Kyle Murray and, and Baker Mayfield in college. But I know Cliff had him at, at Arizona. I know Cliff had Johnny Manzel at Texas a and MI know Cliff had Patrick Mahomes at Texas a and m. So he understands that level of quarterback, the athletic quarterback that can throw the football. But they're really good with their legs.


Johnny great with his legs especially Yeah. In college. Mahomes great with his legs. We see what he can do with his. Now, he doesn't run around as much as Caleb, he doesn't run around as much as Jane Daniels, but he has the ability to get out of harm's way. Right. And that's what you need. You need a creative mind. You need somebody to come up with a scheme ocho that's gonna maximize what these guys do. Right. And, and, and look as great as Pete Carroll is, I don't know if now if Pete gonna go out there and hire one of these hot shot officers coordinators. Okay. But, but you know, Pete wanna play defense and, and, and, and, and, and, and I don't know. I mean, he did a great job with Russ. Let's not.


Right. Russ came along, got a Super Bowl, she probably should have got a second one. But they had an outstanding defense. Now, I don't know if the Bears have the personnel to be the legion of boom, but when you got that kind of offensive firepower, you gotta a Keenan Allen, you gotta DJ Moore. You gotta a cold commit. You got a Roman Dunay and you gotta a Caleb Williams. You've gotta be better on offense than what they've displayed this year. Ojo. You just gotta be. Yeah.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Okay, bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Mayers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen.


Pat a tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Miles smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While are you sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Ocho Russell Wilson is currently projected to sign a three year $140 million contract This off season. Yeah. That's an average of about 46 million per year. Should the Steelers sign Russell William to, excuse me, Russell Wilson, to such a contract? I mean yeah, IIII would think so. Obviously there, there's been a skid as far for, for them the last three weeks offensively. But I think Arthur Smith and Russell Wilson would Think with another year under their belt. Yeah. With, yeah. With another year under their belt. I think it would be, I think it would be good. I think Russell Wilson has a possible, has a possibility of being the quarterback of the future. And if they don't see fit as far as giving him three for one 40, then you know, Justin Fields is always there as a backup plan.


If things don't go well, send him to that of Kirk Cousins, Kirk Cousins, the Falcons. They sound, they sound Kirk Cousins or whatever, whatever the numbers may have been. And it didn't, it didn't pan out the way they thought it would and you make the switch. But Russell Wilson has shown that he's very capable of leading the team, being a leader of men doing what he's always done. He's not the same. Russell Wilson of all, not the same Russell Wilson know. But he is adequate. He can protect the ball and he can make the plays necessary. And Arthur Smith, the way he calls the plays for Russell Wilson is perfect. Is perfect. You know, the running game. Ni smith save, save that team a little bit from an offensive standpoint.


'cause they don't just throw the ball over and over and over and over. Yeah. They're not the type offense Warn. Yeah. Yeah. They, they're not built like that. But I, I think, I think it's a good thing. It's, it is a good thing just to have some stability and security at the quarterback position because without that it ain't happening. Yeah. Despite what they look like the past three weeks. Yeah. I think the thing is the, the turnover bug has kind of bit the Steelers. I mean, Russ didn't take care of the ball against the Broncos. Broncos he turned, had a bad interception in the end zone for youth. Fumbled the ball. Go ahead. The interception this, this past weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Now that, that's, that's, that's, that's, That's pick pick's fault. Yeah. That's pick's fault. You got, you gotta get off that release.


You can't stop on the route because you, you have to put that safety in the bind and make it make a decision. So You are absolutely correct. But Again, but again, the stats don't show that. They just say Russell Wilson Interception. I saw it from the jump. I saw it from the jump. Yeah. I saw to tweeted it also about talking about you, how you, how you stopped on the route. That's the la ocho, everybody, everything, every play, everybody has a responsibility. Yeah. And a lot of times, in order for you to get maximum result out of that play, everybody has to do their responsibility. Right. Now, occasionally, sometimes guys don't do their responsibility and you can still get positive out of a play.


But when it's, when the, when the negative is so egregious Yeah. When the negative is so egregious, he stops, well, when he stops the court, the safety all like, there is no threat outside. Why the hell would I split and get wide when there's no threat out there. Right. My threat is screaming up the scene. So lemme go ahead and just take this off your hand, Russ. I appreciate that. Now Bo Ocho Pickens is gonna have to be stopped having to be so emotional on every play. Every play. He doesn't get the ball. He like, oh my goodness. Oh Lord have mercy. Geez. I mean, he throw the ball and be, bro.


I know, I know. He's a phenomenal talent. Ocho phenomenal. The, the, the, the catches The catches and the difficulty of the catches that he makes on a consistent basis. Yeah. But if he were to channel a lot of that energy ocho I don't know. I don't think he realized just how good he can be. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, he, I don't think he does, I don't think he realizes Ocho he got special ability Ocho. Yeah, he does. He does. I, I, you know, I wish the Steelers would realize that too. I wish they, I wish they would realize it too and maximize his potential. You know, put him in, put him in different positions to make some of those plays outside of just go ball here, go ball there.


Yeah. You know, man, man, move that motherf, oh, excuse me, my bad, my bad. Move him around. Let him touch it early. You know, he's a play maker. Yes. I've seen him Lance and go to the house and go 70. Yes. You know, he can do some of the same things. T Higgins, Jamarr Chase, Jamarr Chase can do S 6 3, 6 4, he's special. Yeah. But they don't use him in that sense. So I kind of, I kind of get not making excuses for him, not making excuses for him. I'm just understanding how good he is and how, how much of a difference he can make for that offense and making everyone else job around him easy. Despite him being emotional at times. Yeah. I I I just think the thing is is that he can't get frustrated, you know, the interception bro, that was on you.


And they're like, they, they go somewhere with the ball. I mean, I'm sure they would love to come to you, but I mean, they're doing a great job. They're taking their best receiver, their best DB and putting him on you. It's not like McGuffy is a slouch. I mean he, the guy made all pro as a, as a rookie last year for a reason. Yeah. Probably gonna make the Pro Bowl again. Him search hand and sa Gardner a probably gonna get make the Pro Bowl. Now he might get left out and Jay Ram go. But it's gonna be interesting. But I think we know, I, I think SA Gardner and Ctan Ctan is definitely making it. I mean, CTAN might be one of the two best corners and I don't think he's two. So it's gonna be very interesting to see how the A LC cornerback position.


I think that that, hold on. Oh, that's, that might be next week. Ojo. I thought, I thought they was gonna name the, I thought they was gonna name the Pro Bowl stuff this week. Well, I guess it's because Christmas at the last game of the season, ain't it? It's before the last, because you know, ojo, we used to do it like week 14. Yeah. So, You know, week 14, you, you come out, you got, you got week, the 15th game and then the next you got, you know, you close out the season, so. Right. I I thought they were gonna do it. I thought they were gonna do it Tuesday, but maybe because of the holidays and where it fell. So maybe you're right. Mo Ocho maybe you're gonna do it before the last game of the season. But like, I, it, it is gonna be very interesting to see what the Steelers do and how they play this thing in the off season.


They do have Justin Fields. Maybe they have another year on him. I don't know. I don't think they picked up that option, but they, I I think they kind of like have his right. I think. I think, I don't know. I don't, I don't. But Russ at 46 million. That seems to be kinda like the play here. But here's some, here's some quotes that came outta the locker room. There have been a couple of weird check this out on show. TJ Watt said, I love football, I love the process. And I know there's a lot of guys in the locker room that do also, cam Hayward said this when 10 guys do their job and one guy doesn't, we're screwed. Deshaun Elliot, first off, guys can't be effing wide open. That's the first thing. Just do your job.


Patrick Queen can't explain it. It's happening. We keep talking about it, but nobody's doing anything about it. Is there drama in the Steeler's locker room? And how did the Steelers brush off this losing streak? Because they had a two game lead. Yeah. Over, over the Ravens. Right. And now the Ravens of leapfrog them. And if the Ravens beat Cleveland, the final game of the season, they win the division and they're gonna get a home game. And the Steelers that are in the playoffs, they're gonna have to go on the road when they could have been in the catbird seat had they taken care of their business. What's going on in the Steelers locker room? Yeah. I you know what, you know, Mike, you know Mike gonna nip that, nip that in the bug.


You know, Mike, Mike gonna play that now. Now there are very few times where you have players, especially on, on Mike Tomlin team that come out and voice their frustration when things aren't going the way they should. Mike can go talk to those players. I don't think there's any drama. Obviously they're, they're speaking from a defensive standpoint and obviously some of the things that they're saying, everybody has to do their job. There are 11 players on the field. It's a team sport, but each individual has to do their own job. So they're speaking on other, other players on what they should be doing. That shouldn't even be talked about at all. At all. Because when you, when you turn on the film, it's gonna show they, you know, the eye in the sky don't lie. Correct. You don't it, it don't, it don't lie.


So there's no need to talk about anybody else. Just make sure you do your job. And when everybody's on one accord, one band, one goddamn sound, the winds will come. You know, I think they just, I think, I wouldn't say the players are panicking because I think they just frustrated. I think They're frustrated. Yeah. Frustrated because they bet they've been winning. They've been winning for so long, they're used to winning all the time. You know, and now all of a sudden thing, you, you have a three, two game skid, whatever it may be of losing. Now you all up in arms, there's no need to panic. Just, hey, keep on chopping wood. Yeah. It's need panic. All, all losing streak are the same is when the losing streak takes place. Yeah. At the end of the year you're supposed to be going here, not going here.


Yeah. And right now you see where they're going. They were here and they're no diving, they're not going here. The Ravens were here and they're going here. The Steelers were here and they're going there. So we're going in two different directions. What I think the thing is, go ahead, Don Joe. Now I was gonna say, you don't fix that by complaining though. You said you don't by complaining, especially in the media, man, get your ass back on the field practice Wednesday, Wednesday, Thursday, do your fast Friday, do your walk through Saturday and then you go execute it out there on Sunday. Now we off they play Wednesday Ocho they good. They got Thursday, Friday, Saturday off. See y'all Sunday. Come in and get something done. Monday, Tuesday, be ready to go. Yeah. They they probably got the rest of the week off ocho.


Yeah, because you remember they played, they played yesterday. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I'm, I'm certain they're not coming in. They're probably not coming in until Mon, they might not come in until Monday. Ocho you think so? Yeah. They got Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Yeah. They're not coming in until Monday. Yeah. Okay. They're not coming in until Monday. Give 'em some time off. 'cause think about how many games they played. They're one of them teams that played like three games in 11 days. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna give you body a chance. And the thing is what, what people need to understand, like winners, they assemble as a team and they figure ish out losers assembling in, in groups, B-I-T-C-H, moan complain and then nothing gets solved.


Right. So what are, are you winner or are you losers? Right. It's really that simple. Now I don't know who they're talking about, but that's for that. I mean, cam Hayward, TJ Watts, they're def facto leaders of that, that defense cam has been there a long time. He's been a very good player for this team for a very, very long time. TJ Watt is one of the pre, one of the two or three best defensive players in all of football. He's probably on the very short list to win defensive player of the year. Again, he's had, I mean he's been quiet, but we know what TJ Watt is, we know who he is. Like I said, he's on the very short list again to win defensive player of the year. Right. Miles Garrett is also on that list.


There's a few other guys that's on that list, but he's, he's gonna be in the mix. When it's all said and done, TJ Watt's gonna be in the mix. And so I agree with you about Russ. I think that seems to be the going rate for one of these guys. Right? That seems to be the year, the years ocho I'm not gonna be heavily committed and I'm not giving no two, three, $200 million and I'm not giving all this a hundred, 125, $30 million in guaranteed money. Right. That seems to be a good going rate for Russ. I I think he had, like you said, he's not what he once was. He can still get outta harm's way, but he doesn't have, he doesn't possess the improvisational skills and the escap ability that he always did because a lot of what he did in Seattle, that offense was con contingent on his improvisational skills.


Right. It was almost like, okay, call the play Russ. That ain't, that play ain't gonna work. I already know it's not gonna work, but I called it anyway. But I need you to do what you normally do. Right. And he would go out and get the amount of harm's weight, but it's gonna be very interesting to see how they finish off the season. 'cause boy that'd be ooh, to lose your last four ho the last four games and then get kicked out in the first round. I don't think the Rooneys are gonna be very happy with that. And they're gonna have to do some long soul searching to figure out what actually happened. Dan Campbell won't rest starters against the 49 ERs. If the Vikings beat the Packers, the game, the game against the 49 ERs will, will not mean anything for the Lions. Hold on. No. If the Packers beat the 49 ERs, is that what you mean?


Because I'm confused. Why would, why would Dan Campbell start resting starters anyway in, in in week 17? I mean, you got another game to go. I can see if this fight, first of all, I can see if you already had home field clinch like the, like the Chiefs, the chiefs are gonna rest their guys, but can't nobody catch them. Right. It would be a shame for Detroit to have home field basically for the entirety of the season and then lose it in the final week, week 17, week 18. Right. So, no, I I, I get it. And it just so happens he's playing in one of the best divisions in football in a very, very long time.


You got 13, what you got 13 and two. 13 and two and you got 11 and four. That just lets you know just how powerful that division is. I mean that those three teams in division have like, what's that? 13, 13 26 and 11 is 37. They got 37 wins. When you start adding up Jacksonville and the Giants and the Raiders and some of these other teams, they don't got 30, they don't got 30, 36, 7 wins between like seven 18. Yeah. Yeah. Dan, Dan, Dan know, Dan knows exactly what he's doing. It's a very fine line. Ocho between rest and Russ, we made that mistake.


Ocho we damn near had the division one year clinch, I think it was 96 and we ended up losing a division around the Jacksonville. But we had the, we had the division clinch damn near at Thanksgiving. So you know, Mike is trying to juggle, you know, we playing and then guys playing until the third quarter four. I mean, hell sometimes like a preseason game. Right. Td, you know, playing half, you know, I don't play the last game. TD don't play the last game, John don't play. You know, it is like, and now you playing like that Ocho You get to buy. Yeah. So really you hadn't played and that played real football damn near in a month. And de you know, we got up to a great start. We got up to a nothing and you know, end up dropping.


I dropped a a two point conversion that would've made it 14 nothing. And we didn't really get our momentum. They go on sw a streak, but they had a really good team mojo. They had, you know, Brune, they had Natron means they had Jimmy, they had Keenan. I think they had, who was the tight end? I forget, I forget who the tight end was anyway, but hell, Who was the who? You remember the dv? Was Donovan, Darius on that team then? Yeah. Yeah. I I remember. I remember DD boy. Yeah. But yeah, I, I agree with Dan. I mean especially it's really too early. You haven't clenched, I don't know why the hell you would rest starters when you haven't clenched anything.


Right. You, you f riding be a wild card. It it's true because Minnesota's in your division. Yeah. And they, they playing, they playing really well. Absolutely. He said I'll make it even for everybody that way all Chris can jump out and start attacking. But the way, but that way you don't have to debate them anymore. Right. We're bringing everything we got into this game and we're playing. I don't care what it looks like we where it's at or who this, who's that. We're out there to play to win this game out on the west coast. So there you go. Do you like Yeah, I guess what people are saying because they're so injury depleted. Oh, I'm playing to Guy. If you're healthy, you're playing.


I mean, I don't really know what the debate is though, Joe. If you're healthy, you're playing. If you can't go, you are not going right. I mean he knows what he's doing. Yeah. Dan Campbell iss the one that has that franchise turned around. Nobody else. Yep. I don't care what anybody else on the outside of that building is talking about. He went in there and changed it. Yeah. The culture and Brad Holmes did a great job of drafting. You drafted Jameson Williams, you drafted Jamir Gibbs, you drafted Allmond, Saint Allmond, Ross, Saint Brown, a penal. I mean you and you get guys in free agency to come there. You do the right aid, you look at a Brian Branch, you look at a Arnold, you look at the guys that they've drafted, they've done a great job in the draft and sprinkling in some rook and, and some free agents.


You know, they got a DJ reader, they got some of these guys over there, OCHO that's played really well. You see what they did at the trade deadline, they went and got Z Ari Smith. They've done a great job. He's changed the mindset. You make the trade for Jerry Goff and, and your trade one, one of the hometown, you know, of Fab Frat who was the former number one overall also and Matthew Stafford. But they've done a great job. Montgomery Simon, David Montgomery. But I like looking, they trade TJ Hawkinson. They're like, well hold on. TJ Hawkins went to the Pro Bowl. They bring in Sam Laporta who's more what Dan Campbell. Hawkin's is mainly a f of what we call a fly a tiger tight end.


Not really good at the point of attack, but he can catch the football. La Portia, the one thing about it, he can say a lot of those guys outta Iowa, they gonna block you. Look at Kittle and put his hand in the dirt. Boy, he gonna get after you. Oh yeah. They gonna get after the, the thing about that, I don't know what they got going on them corn fed jokers out there at Iowa. Man, them joke will be playing, man. Oh ojo Teddy b Teddy uglow Teddy has come outta retirement and signed with the lions today, weeks after he coached his high school alma mater to a state championship Miami, Northwestern. They beat, I think they beat rains in the three A championship class in three a championship. Florida. Bridgewater coached this alma mater.


You know, I can see him being a coach That's right here down the street. So you like the move Ocho Absolute godly boy. Listen, this is, if, if you were to be able to tell a story, if Teddy Bridgewater was to be able to write a book, I think this would be the perfect story in it. Huh? This would be the perfect story in it. For one, not only to be from Dade County, not only to be from Liberty City, not only to overcome all the obstacles Teddy had to go through, right. Play quarterback at Miami, Northwestern, you know, play quarterback in college. I can't remember where Teddy went. Whoa. Didn't he go to Louisville? To Louisville. Louisville too, right? Yeah. Boom, get drafted, go to Minnesota, just have a, a stellar NFL career.


Go back to get back to your alma mater to show those, to show the kids, to give the kids hope. Look, I was able to do it. Not only was I able to do it, I was able to get to the highest level of my childhood. Dream the pinnacle of that. And come back to you and give you all the knowledge that you need to know as your head coach take you to a state championship and then have the opportunity to go back and play the game that I love and grew up trying to, trying to get to. Yeah. It don't get no better than that. We talking about blessings, man. That's, that's the biggest blessing, the best opportunity ever. Man. I'm happy for Teddy. I mean, why they signed him. I'm not sure a great locker room guy. A great locker room guy. I think having me in the locker room can be a good thing, especially for this playoff run.


And I mean, there there, there's nothing wrong with it. Not very, not very many get this kind of opportunity though. Teddy's special man. Oh, Joe, Nick Siriani apologizes to Zack Urge for the spat after the commanders game video has emerged of Zach Ertz. He went in for a handshake with Eagle's head coach Nick Ani. Nick turned his head and said something to Ertz as he walked away. Urch was furious about what Sirianni said. And big Dom had to get involved even though he apologized. Is this a bad look for Sirianni Ani? It is Ocho ocho. That's the head coach. That ain't gotta be your homeboy, man. We listen. Lemme, lemme finish, lemme finish.


Yeah, lemme listen. He's the head coach, right? Yes. He there. We don't know what happened with him personally before he left. Yes. We don't know. You know, there might've been some issues. I mean, Zach s probably knows that, you know, there were issues. I mean if, if you know, we not cool, even if I am the head coach regardless of my job title, and we know we ain't like that man, fuck all that buddy buddy. Shit, You can't be that. You the head coach. You, you, you, you, you're the face of the organization. You can't do that. So you think it like me and you thinking players, Right? And you, you the head coach ocho you the CEO of a company. Now think about it now. We just saw him get into it with fans. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a bad nick. At some point in time you are gonna have to be the bigger person in the room.


Right. You can't constantly get, because I'm telling you, you know who's watching Harry Roseman, you know who else is watching Jeffrey Lurie. They're not gonna continue to let you keep embarrassing them in this situation because they believe with the talent they got, they can bring somebody else in and coach this football team. Now, I don't know how, look, they got Dallas Garter, they got, I, I forget the guy. He's from Oklahoma and so they, I think they traded him. No, they might, they might have released Zach. I don't know. But you know, he had some injuries. Ocho he had a little injury. He'd been dealing with some concussions last year or so, I think, if I'm not mistaken.


But even though Ocho like, even like me and you now that's different. Me and you. Hey, as a player, player come to shake my hand. I don't rock with you. That's what I got for you. That's what I got for you Ocho. But as a head coach, Right? See that's why it's hard to ask me that question. That's why it's hard to ask me that question because I don't, I'm not thinking about the job title as being a head coach. Man, listen man, green too dude. You know what, you know, we don't then, you know, I don't even rock with you. Yeah. Why? What you even coming to shake my hand for? Fuck nigga, I'm, I mean, oh shit, my bad, bad. That's how we talk. That's how we talk. We're not in the position.


We're not in the position. Right. I'm like, come on man. And and you know what? That's how I don't like what the fact that Nick Sirianni is a head coach. Now you have to fake how you truly feel and how you would normally operate because of that said job title. I don't, don't like listen, Zach SI don't like you. Why you coming to shake my hand? But as a head coach, how many times do you think you lying Ocho Lemme ask you a question. As a head coach, how many times you think you lie to players, you lie to players son, you doing good? No good Will he being terrible? Bingo. You, you see what I mean? And You lying. That's what we need today and today's game Much. No, you can't do that. Not in that position, don't you? You lie too much. No, coach.


It's okay though As a head coach if you have a, I don't even know how you got here. I don't even know how you made the Well, you're gonna coach long. Huh? You ain't gonna coach long. You just not See that's, that's why I can't coach. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm gonna be honest. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. How you say you not gonna coach and you just got the way this year that you criticize players, but all a sudden you the head coach and you with the players and you gonna be like this? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It's different. It's different. See, I can listen. Hold on. Stay, stay with me now. I'm with you. I'm with you. Listen, I can empathize with the players when things are going well because that was once me, I'm not that far removed from the game even though it's been some years.


So I Can you that far removed, bro. You 15 years removed. Hold on, I can still play. Don't do that to me. Don't do That to me. Okay? You can still play, but you've still been removed. Okay. But listen, IIII can see it from both, from both sides of the spectrum because I know what it's like as a receivable. I know it's like the mess up. I know it's like the loaf. I know it's like to miss a block. I know it's like to drop a ball, right? I know it's like to drop a touchdown. I know what it's like to have a game to lose a game on the hands of my bad play. Okay? So therefore I always keep that in the back of my mind when talking and being critical of players. But now I got better now I don't even care no more. Yeah, you shouldn't. I don't. But lemme ask this Ocho ocho, when you loaf or you drop a ball and somebody pointed it out, how you gonna say they hating?


See guys get mad at now because you point out, bro, you was loafing. Oh, you old Ian, you a hater, right Bro, all I said you was loafing, you were right, right, right, right. You like, you make it seem like I made this up. I can pull the tape out and just say, okay, tell me what you thinking on this. Yeah, you dropped the ball, you missed the block, you missed the tackle. So how, if I say that, if I'm, if I'm analyzing a game and I say, Hey, we need to get better play out of X, we need to get a better play outta y. How, if I'm stating the obvious, is that hating you mad? 'cause the point that I, the the, the, the fact that I pointed it out, Dion told me.


So Prime told me something early on when I first got it. Especially 'cause like he and I went to, we, you know, I think time might be 2 66. I might be 2 67 or wonder what I, I think, I think he's before me. But anyway, and he was saying he was like Sean, he say you have to understand you are not just anybody critiquing them. You got that gold jacket. Yeah. You got credentials. Your words carry more weight. I said but time. It's like they said they didn't want people that didn't play the game critiquing them Ocho, you and I played the game.


Yeah, yeah. I ain't making this up. Right. All I'm saying is that you did, you did this and it didn't work out. You probably should have did that. Or you missed the block, you missed the catch. Now I'm a hater. Now I'm jealous. I'm like, bro, how of what? I'm like, bro, I don't know if y'all know this. I know I've been away from the game 20 plus years. Got, but you Google, Google still work. Damn Google Shannon Sharp. And then when they talk about stats, pull it up and they might show you that picture with that gold jacket. I remember number 2 67.


So ain't no jealousy bro. I got Super Bowls, I got Pro Bowls, I got all that guys. All I'm trying to do, I gotta be honest. And a lot of times, you know, and I try, what I try to do Ocho I don't try to get too far in the weeds and say certain coverages and this 'cause I find myself Ocho talking, you and I talking, I you, we talk a language that you and I understand, right? The casual friend is not gonna understand what a bare defense is, what a stretch is or what Cover six cover six kick cover five. They're not gonna understand that. Or over front or under front. A seven technique A nine, A wide nine. They're not gonna understand that. So I try to do, I try not to get too far into the weeds when I'm talking football terminology, but guys know that play that's playing the game and they know when I talk, they know what I'm talking about.


They just try to discredit me and use the word hate. They never say, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about. They just say, I hate, I'm a hater. Right? And so the casual fan, like, and they use that term so much, people start to believe it, bro, I ain't got no hate. I want you to get all your money. I do. But when you analyze something Ocho, you gotta be honest about what you saw because you and I, we know what we're looking for, oh, listen, not only we know we looking for, we know what it should look like. We know. Yeah. Yeah. But I, Hey, listen, I done got better. I be, Hey, I been critiquing my as off You do. I give you that. You do.


You absolutely do. Hey, I'm waiting on a motherfucker to mess up now. Yeah. Get, and it, it's not about what you say UNC too. Now, I, I didn't realize It's not about what you say. It's how you say it. Yes. It's all, it's all in the delivery, you know? Yes, I understand that. You know? Yes. I don't say, I don't say it with conviction. Yes. I say, I say what the problem was, and as soon as I finish the problem on sad problem, whatever it is I saw, I always have a solution, right. To follow up with it. I always have a solution to follow up with it every time, but I just, it just like coach. I mean, it's okay. I understand you in Philly tough, but as a player goes outta your way, you j this is a bad look for you.


If it's another player, I don't rock with you, Ocho. I ain't got no problem. I don't rock with you, bro. You know, I don't get down like that. But in certain situations you have to be the bigger person. I got you. I got you in in that situation. He does, sir. Yes, sir. Look, sir. And so, you know, look, Ojo, you know, a lot of coaches don't get along. Hold up. Who was that was sh somebody was shaking hands and they shook the hand too long or too hard. Yeah. You that Who, who was that? I forgot who. Hey, who was that? They, somebody got the coaches and he shook his hand and he's like, he shook his hand. Are you serious? I forget.


I forget. Well, that, that might have been, I forget who it was. I I really do. Maybe it was, or maybe it was Harbaugh. Maybe it was J Jim Har It wasn't because it wasn't John. John John done got that. That's how it, I I wanna say Coach Harb, Jim Harbaugh, but I'm not really sure. But like, there have been times I coach every coach don't like each other. Oh yeah. I, yeah. But they put on a brave face. Hey. Yeah. Okay. Best of luck now. I hope you tripping. Fall young last face and keep it and keep it moving though. Yeah, that's what I thank it. But I say, oh yeah. Best of luck, man. Oh yeah. Cool, cool. Cool. Boom, boom. Nah, bro. You know, we don't rock like that. But I'm gonna put on a brave faith for you


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Okay, bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like your sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. In a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom built T-Mobile private 5G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption.


With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulate Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Jamarr Chase on where the last two games should determine all pro his AllPro status. I should already be a all pro bro. You gonna be a Yeah, Yeah. Talk your talk. Boy. Stop Playing with You're gonna be a unanimous. He's gonna be a unanimous. Yeah. Unanimous. All pro unanimous. I say I can spell unanimous too. UNAM Inu unanimous. What y'all talking about? Unanimous? I I I can't remember a guy that won the triple count that wasn't a unanimous MVP Exactly. Because, because the AllPro is a combination of a FC and NFC. That was, it was Jim Swartz.


Oh, Jim Schwartz was the he was the Lions. Hmm. Oh, it was, it was Jim Schwartz and Harbaugh, wasn't it Jim, Jim Har Harbaugh. Yeah. I think it was Jim Swartz and John and Jim Harbaugh. When he 49 ERs. The 49 ERs played the four, the 49 ERs played the Lions. If I'm not mistaken, Ashley's trying to find it right now. Jamarr Chase 108 catches cd Lamb is out for the rest of the season. So he can't Kick Oh, what happened? What happened to cd? He has a shoulder. They can't make the playoffs Go get the shoulder fixed.


Let's get a head start. Okay. Okay. Almond Ross St. Brown is 101 catches. He's seven catches behind. Brock Bowers has 101 catches. He's seven catches behind nobody. They're not gonna catch him for touchdowns and they're not gonna catch him for yards. He has 1510. The next closest to him is Justin. Justin Jefferson. Yes. One, he's 1 23 behind. 123 yards behind. So theoretically, if j if jj, we know he's capable of going haywire. Oh yeah, but I don't, I don't think so.


So I I think he's gonna win the Triple Crown. And even if he doesn't win the Triple Crown, he should be a unanimous All-Pro selection considering the numbers that he's put up this year. Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Not only is he unanimous, he gonna give, he gonna have a unanimous goddamn contract in off season. And I don't want the Bengals to sit here and waiting around to goddamn right before training camp. Listen, we don't need a, we don't need the dilly dally no more. We don't need the dilly dally no more. Let's get young bull paid. So the, so he's happy. He's in a good space mentally. You hear me? So he is there for the all season training program. He's there for, for mini camp. He's there for all the training camp because he missed, listen, stay with me now.


He done missed all the training camp, right? Yeah. And came out and had a season like this. So I'm saying now you get him in camp. Now imagine he might have 2,500 next year. Come on now. Talk to me. We talking, listen, we talking about the greatest of receiver of all time now. We ain't just talking about no anybody. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's earned. Huh? What he's earned. I ain't say he deserved. I said he would've earned. Yes sir. The contract that he's gonna receive. Now you could have paid him, but you didn't. You let the price, you let the price of gold, you let the price of gas, you let the price of oil get high. So now lemme tell you something.


You're at the mark mercy of it Now. You know what? Matter of fact, lemme tell you what, let me tell, lemme tell you what a prostitute told me back in 1987. What'd she tell you? Yesterday's price ain't today's price. Huh? Who ha got this gone up? It, It, it ain went up because he caught me after my, she caught me, right? Yeah. Yeah. I had, had, I had $5 on me. Right? Yeah. Then I got paid two days later and she knew how I got paid. So you know what she hit me with? Yeah. Yesterday's price. You coulda got him a five, but I know you got money it gonna cost you 10. And plus I done cleaned up a little bit too. Actually it was gonna cost me 20 back then, back then. Yeah. You know? Yeah. A little cool to cost you for $20. That's it. Yeah. A little 20. But you gotta think it's 1987 now.


Yeah. Yeah. That, that's a little something. They ain't, I mean, you know, they putting it out like that. They need, they little hit little fix and keep it moving. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yesterday ain't today's, but, but I tell you what, Mike Brown go, wish he had her Listen. Hey listen, they, they, they could have, they could have, they could have got him for a little cheaper now. Yeah. They got it for a Little cheaper. 'cause because the problem that they had, they had two, they had, she had two years left. Yeah. So now you pay and you say, look at Jamar, we gonna give you money. But theoretically we really ocho theoretically we got you for four more years. We got the two years still in your left contract and we still got two years of franchise tag. But we are gonna take care of you now.


We need you to a take care of us a little bit. Now we can't give you because you got two years now. Now gimme my money. All of it. I want all I said gimme everything I want everything. A what That dude told. What was Sugar ray? Sugar Ray was Richard Prize contract Quick. Right, right Quick was the little kid. When the old man, when he crapped out, he told him say, I want everything you took in tonight and everything you took in. Yeah. That's what I want. I ain't want, I don't want what I just lost. I want everything that you took in. So Chay gonna say, I don't just want what I got, what I lost last year.


I won back pay because you put me out here, You made me take out this big ass insurance policy and now I want the money that I paid for the insurance policy. I want all the money that you made because y'all about to get a raise for the TV revenue. Oh Yeah. Nah, I'm gonna need that. All That we know. And the funny thing about it, Hey Chad, I wanna make sure y'all can hear me, Jack, can y'all see me? Chad, can y'all see me? Let me, let me scoot a little closer real quick. I want look at, I want, I want you to look what Jamarr Chase has done since he's coming to the NFL. Right. And he said he was gonna do it after the draft. He said he gonna come and he gonna break every goddamn motherfucking record. Not only has he stood on business on that sand, but also as his nutritionist.


Yes. He confides in me when it comes to his nutrition and what he puts and consumes into his body to perform at the level that he's performing at the past three to four years. I'm not even sure how long it's been, but he's playing Well you know what Jamarr Chase eats. What do you eat? He eat McDonald's. Yeah. I don't believe McDonald's is the staple of his diet. And you can eat a lot of things in moderation. Ocho Lemme tell you something, lemme tell you something. Yes. I sent, I'm Jamarr Chase dietician. I'm his nutritionist. Yes. I sent him a, I sent him a six months plan on what to do and how to do it and how to eat it in moderation.


Yes. You, You, you said in moderation. Correct. Now he only, he only paid me for each month I charge 200 bucks. Yeah. So football season, six months, you know, so it's 1200 we out the door. Right. So you know that price gonna go up now. Yeah. He don't charge you 1200. So add another 1800 and shoot me my three now I know you got it. See, I thought you was, I thought you was hurting a little bit. Now that I know you got it. Oh, nah, nah. Oh, you ain't hurting. Oh nah. Shit. Hurting. Hurting. Only thing hurting is my only thing hurting is my heart not have sold that back together. Oh man.


Well that was good. That was a good lie. I gotta write that down. Only thing hurting is my heart not to sold that back together. Oh yeah. You know, you don't, you know, you know you, you better now. I mean, Hey Chad. There was a stretch right there, boy. I thought we lost him. Nah, I'm good. I was good. I thought we lost him. Nah, I was good. I was good. Now if, if it was, if, listen, if it was something wrong with me, this is the place where I'm safe. And me being someone who don't give a fuck about, about what people say about me, I have no problem being vulnerable. Especially on this platform. Especially with You. Man. I came here, I ain't have a problem. Put, they gonna rob a boy. Say hey. Yeah. What's the matter? Ocho? Yeah. Life's a bated.


Yes sir. You here one day, go on the next. Yes sir. But you know, hey, you pull through. You pull through. Yes sir. Yes sir. Hey, every time, hey listen, hey, you know how you start a lawnmower Right? You gotta keep yanking that bitch till the start up. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's how I, that's how I, Sometimes you gotta get, sometimes you Some, some days it take a little longer to get going than other. Yeah. Sometimes you gotta beg a little longer. Sometimes you gotta beg a little louder sometimes. Sometimes you gotta beg a little harder. Hey Huh, come on now. But then you, then you then you gotta be careful now. Yeah. Yeah. Careful. Now I'm very conscious.


Huh? 'cause I'm seizing. You hear me? Yeah. Huh. I'm seizing. I got a little salt and pepper on me. I got experience in the game. So what happens? See, I gotta stay woke. I gotta stay woke. I ain't no fool. One thing about it, sometimes when you beg right, you really not who they want to be with. So when you beg your way back in there, sometimes they'll play the long game. You hear me? Yeah. I'm not talking about my situation. I'm just talking about in general for anybody else out there that might be having problems and they begging an individual to come back, sometimes they'll come back to you. Right. Simply because who they really want ain't really ready. So they're like, well fuck it. I'm gonna come back and go to him until the person I ready. They like to play the long game. So you gotta be careful.


Yeah. You do Chat. Y'all stay with me now. Yeah. Now I'll tell you I got 50, I have 53 years of horizontal experience and 56 years of dating experience. So I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know 'cause I done been through it. I'm feeling good tonight. I don't know what the fuck I, I don't know what I ate. I'm feeling good tonight. I know you ate, but I ain't gonna say it. Start with a beat and I ain't talking about no burger. Huh? I ain't say nothing. Hey Joe, because the chiefs will have the bad week Wild card weekend. The chiefs could have as many as 25 days off before they be begin their playoff push towards a three P.


Because think about they played Wednesday. They're probably not having to come to work. They're one of those teams. Andy gave them off considering ocho. Now they got home field sold up. So the last game of the season don't mean anything to them. So now they got off Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. Mahome would probably throw a little something. He'll probably run Scout team. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. Woo. You not, you're not nervous about that though. Having, having all, having all that time off and your team just the, the last two weeks your team just looking like the Kansas City Chiefs.


We used to seeing if you ain't look like the Kansas Chief, Kansas City Chiefs of Oh, throughout the entire of the season. Yeah. You had little luck. You had a little luck throughout the season. Listen, I'm not saying nothing bad about the Chiefs. You know they are the Kansas City Chiefs. As long as you have Patrick Mahome, you have a goddamn, You got a chance. You definitely got a chance. But I'm just saying as a team, as a whole, even if you are a Chiefs fan and you in the chat, you know your team has not looked up the par True throughout the entirety of the season. Last week was the best. I've seen the chiefs look all goddamn season. Yep. All season long. Especially from an offensive standpoint, but having that much time off. Do you think that's a good thing when they're just getting in rhythm and just starting to look like themselves?


Or what we used to seeing at least. I think the thing is ojo, you can't run the risk. You know, you are mahomes injured way from it all be over. It don't matter. You get that guy nicked, it's over. You can't play well enough on either side of the ball to overcome the loss of him. He's the one guy right. That you can't overcome. No team can as great as, as great as Derek Henrys running the football. Yeah. Josh Johnson ain't winning you no game at quarterback. Right. It ain't happening. Josh Allen get nicked. I don't know who the backup is.


You ain't winning no games. Nobody, I don't believe there's a team currently constructed that. If this starter Nick, they can overcome that. No. No, because listen, we just saw it. We just saw it with Eagles. Yeah. We just saw it with the Eagles against the commanders. A lot of people will say, oh, the Commanders won that game. Actually, no, the commanders did not win that game. It was a Christmas gift from the god damn Eagles. If you look at the way they played, especially defensively. We ain't seen the Eagles defense play like that all season long. No. We haven't seen Devante Smith drop a ball like that could have that could have sealed the game all season long. Yeah. They gave that game away. Two deep passes, Blown coverage.


11 of you know what the, the percentage is for making it a first down on fourth and 11, let alone it not be in the past, let alone not to be in the run. But the quarterback scrambling on fourth and 11th. Yeah. The Eagles gave them boys that game. And I don't mean no disrespect, it's a good thing Jay Daniels is having a hell of a goddamn season. I'm just saying this game in Pacific should have been over on that ball. Devonte Smith draw it should have been over. The game was over right there. No, I'm saying, oh, Trubisky is the backup and Trubisky is the backup in Buffalo. Hell, he, he couldn't, he couldn't win when he was the starter.


He damn sure he went into the backup. Carson wins. Carson wins is the backup. And, and in Kansas City, Justin Fields, Josh Johnson. I don't even know who the backup is in, in, in Houston. Y'all help me out. Who's the backup of Houston? And that's the thing. Look, it's hard because the rosters, because you are not able to keep quality people at the quarter. Oh, Joe, you pistachio web quarterbacks. Think about it. Think about how long Steve Young sat as a backup, right. To Joe. Yeah. You ain't keeping no Steve Young as no backup. Nah, I mean think about it. You couldn't even keep Jimmy g as a backup to Tom Brady.


Right. The roster spots. I mean, at some point in time, OCHO NFL is getting away with it. You can't keep expanding games, but don't expand the roster. Right. You see what they do with ocho? They done added another game. They done added another game. So they're about to go to 18 games. But you're not gonna expand the roster. You can't give us three other plans. So instead of going to 46, go to 49 50. Come on now. Come on. Oh, Davis Mills is the quarterback of Houston. Yeah. Back up. Yeah.


If ju, if, if CJ hadn't played that well, but I promise you this, if CJ goes out, general Mills, Oland Mills, it doesn't matter. Houston going home first round. I don't care. I you name another meals, it does not matter. You're going home. The


Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami, 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


As we gather Together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the Garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com. Now,


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.