
This is an iHeart podcast


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree? Change the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's xper spring and it's is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself


This season. Let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. DSW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head your DSW store. Or visit DSW dot com today.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in it today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify


The volume. Man. Welcome to Nightcap. This is day two of takeover week. TJ Mazz. That's my dog. James Harrison goes by. Huh? Deebo. So y'all, now before we get started, y'all make sure y'all like y'all hit that subscribe button. Y'all text a friend. Y'all call a friend. Y'all tell them to do the same thing.


We got a nice little show for you playing NBA draft going on. We'll get into a little James, you a big basketball fan you watch a little bit. Okay. I can't say I'm a big basketball fan. You know, I usually start watching, You know, around the finals, You know, catch some stuff here and there, but I can't. You probably throwing a back you, you shooting over the backboard on you two. Fucking, well listen, my, my jumper is wet now. My jumper is wet now. I'm Oh, your jumper wet. Yeah. Okay. So, so as y'all see that he just finished his third workout of the day. He in a tank top. So he, he wanted to show off all these muscles he got Chad, when Chad saw you was coming on, he text me and say, typical James Harrison, he gonna come on the show when I ain't on.


He really scared of me. So Chad start playing. You know, that's what he, they can gimme on the show anytime. Anytime. Like all they gotta do is call. Yeah. He said you avoiding. And he was like, oh, typical. He want to come on the show when I ain't on, man. Listen, ain't ain't nothing about Chad worry something to me. Period. Did, did you see the video with Shannon and Jim Jones going at it about Working Out? I mean, I didn't catch it. I I I didn't. So that, that's okay. That's okay. So what we going do is hopefully Shannon, hopefully Unc if he agree to this, this is what we gonna do.


We gonna sub him out. We just gonna let you go ahead and put yourself in. So, Jim Jones, James Harrison about to be subbed in for Shannon workout at your place, his place. Y'all go ahead and post that. You, you'll do that. I'll work out with anybody, man. I mean, it's a workout, You know, it's a challenge. It's something that I, You know, I love doing. Yeah. I don't got no problem with that answer. This where did, how long have you been retired now? Oh man. Like seven years. Damn. It's been that long. Yeah. 2000 and I, and I'm, and I'm saying it's been that long and I'm longer than you, I thought, okay.


Yeah. Where did this love for Working Out, bro? Where did this come from? Like, you've always been this way. It, it, nah, not, not really. I can't say that I was that way, like high school. I, I wasn't that way. I really didn't get that way until I probably got into college. I started, You know, Working Out more because, You know, I realized the better the shape you are and the stronger you get, the faster you get, the better you'll be out, be able to go out there and play. So my goal was never to play NFL football. It was just an opportunity for me to play more football. 'cause I love to play the game. I didn't love the things that came along with it, but over time I realized that the things that come along with it are the things that's going to allow you to be able to play the game longer.


And You know, from that it became, You know, high school, it was like, yo, we want you to go to college, play college. I'm like, You know, all right, I get to go to college to play football. You know, it wasn't the educational part, which it should have been. But, and then after, You know, I got through with my college career was, yo, you got an opportunity now to actually, You know, play in, play in the pros. And I'm like, oh cool. And You know, I'll never forget it, dude, I made the squad, got cut, You know, picked me up again, cut me again, went to NFL Europe, came back Baltimore cut me. And then, You know, I'm just sitting around there waiting and Clark Hayden's, You know, he breaks his hand and I get picked up from there.


And You know, basically the rest is history. But the thing that really changed my approach to everything, especially like, You know, how I took care of my body, You know how I, I changed my eating and, and everything else is a guy ended up showing me his check in 2004 or five. Dude. Yeah. How much was it? It was more than I made in the year, bro. They did the same, I promise you. My rookie year, what was league minimum your rookie year? 2 25. So your rookie year must have been 2002, 2003. One of those, right? Yep. Okay. So my rookie year league minimum was 2 0 9.


And I never forget, somebody showed me they check and we get paid every Monday. Somebody showed me they check and the check was like 500 some thousand. Oh, he had a signing bonus in there too. He just didn't tell you that? No, he didn't. Back then. No. Now, now, now let, let me say this, it was before they took the taxes out. So he probably was bringing, he was probably bringing home about three. But when I, I said this dude is making more in one week than I'm making the whole season. That is motivation for when you see that, you like, whoa.


Yeah. So like 500 K every Monday. Yeah, I saw his shut, man, he showed me a shut. And this check was more than I made all year, You know, in those two weeks. And I was like, You know what, man, I gotta stop doing everything or at least cut down on what I was doing at that point in time and start doing things necessary to take care of my body. So, You know, I started adding, You know, different, You know, massage therapist, different therapies, period into my regimen. And each year, You know, you end up finding somebody new and you're like, oh, this works better. And you find somebody else new and you're like, oh, this massage is better. So you can't go to massage Anthony no more and be like, gimme a good mistake. You can't, you just can't do it.


So now everybody I use, You know, I I I fly in and I'm like, You know what, I'm going to cut out, You know, first thing I did was I'm like, alright, I'm going to cut out like drinking like during the week. So I, I did that and then the next was like, okay, I'm going to cut out drinking, You know, on the Sundays, You know, you talking about drinking alcohol? Yeah, yeah. Like, yeah. Oh dude, I started, first thing I did was cut drinking. And well, the first thing I did was change. Oh, before that, how, how often would you drink during the week? How often? Man, you gotta realize my OGs, my OG was, You know, Joey Porter, so, You know what I'm saying?


Like, You know, yeah, it was, it was a little, it was a little different back then. So yeah. Peasy gonna get it in now. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. My, my boy peasy, he would get it in. But also on that note, You know, he done stopped drinking altogether too. So, You know, that's something, that's something that he'd done, You know, after his career was over with. But to go back, You know, to what we were talking about, You know, I, I started eating right. I stopped going, You know, I was going out to eat, You know, two, three times a day. You know, I had somebody coming in and they were cooking, You know, making my meals for me. So I was eating clean after that. I started doing like, You know, vitamins, You know, trying to get, I got my blood work done to see, You know, what, I was actually low and deficient in.


So I wasn't taking unnecessary vitamins and just, You know, pissing out what I, what I mean, or taking things that I didn't eat at all. And You know, for, you still do that? I still do that. Yeah. I got, I got my vitamin packs that I take two to three times a day. I got one I take in the morning. I usually work out fasted, so it's easier on my stomach, those pills. So I can take them, You know, on an empty stomach and it doesn't, You know, make me nauseous or anything. And from there, You know, I cut out drinking during the week and then, You know, I cut out drinking in the off season and, You know, I cut out drinking in the season period, You know, I would drink once during our rookie, You know, our rookie dinner.


I would drink then, and then I cut out drinking then and I would just shoot espressos, You know. So it was just a, a progression of whatever I could do to, You know, make my career longer. And the thing that I was using, of course is my body. The better I could take care of my body, the better in health that I was, the longer I could play the game. Now that you're retired, how many days per week are you Working Out? I'm at five days a week now. I take two days off in some way, shape or form. I used to do six. I'm just getting older, man. I'm, You know, I'm 47 years old man. And I, I just can't, I can't keep up with it. And I'm not actually doing the same amount of, You know, body work and care that I was doing when I was playing.


You know, I had some sort of therapy, You know, every day. Except for, it might have been like a Friday, I had, You know, something that wasn't, You know, therapy. But like, You know, I saw had my chiropractor come in twice a week. I had my naturopath come in twice a week. I had my acupuncturist come in twice a week. I had my trainer come in, You know, once a week. I had a, a lady that did coming on me, had her come in once a week. And I had another guy that came in that was like a massage, a chiropractic combination that, that came in once a week. So to keep up with that, You know, at that time you talking, You know, three, $300,000 or more.


And You know, right now I'm not doing what's necessary, You know, to actually need that sort of therapy. But I still see, You know, I may see the chiropractor, You know, once a month, You know, every other month or something like that. I still see my acupuncturist once a week. I still do things with my naturopath, You know, anywhere from once to twice, You know, a month, something like that. And, You know, I'm just doing what's necessary so that I can continue to, You know, You know, try and feel better and not, well, if Jim Jones is listening to this, I don't even know if he gonna want you to. I'm not, I'm not trying to go out there to destroy nobody or do nothing. No, it ain't, it's, it's a, it's basically like a workout from what I take.


But it's a workout competition. Like pullups, pushups, dips. He ain't, he ain't trying to get into the Oh, I'm stronger than you. It's a, let's see who can knock these pullups out. Let's see. You can do these pushups type of thing. Oh yeah. Body. He should be able to do, Yo, Shannon, did you work out today? Yeah. Let me see. Truck and all that shit. Yeah. On weekends, I, the warrior sense these pullups with resistant bands, bro, can you even lift your own body weight Or you can all lift a bunch of weight. Yeah, but can you lift your own body weight? Big fella. The world wants to know when you want meet us in the gym.


Huh? That's what the world wants to know. When you Get Bus in the gym, please tell me that because we really do this. Remember this weekend world, no ac this in the heat the water for an hour and they drop me off in the desert in case they gotta put me with the marines on a special mission. You ready for that? Tap in. Let me know when the challenge is. Oh, he really out there doing a little duck. What? Okay, I see no more.


Yeah, I like it. So you, you, that's the type of workout he talking about right there. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, so somebody Yeah, they gonna put that together. They gonna have to film that and, and let's see, I mean, you Working Out five days a week. I don't know how often he Working Out. I wanna get, get in that, but I'm gonna probably, I embarrass my, I'll embarrass myself. I'm going mad man. You gotta start somewhere. Ain't competition for nobody but yourself, man. Like my pride ain't gonna let me, You know, I could lift more than you gonna stronger than you. Good job for you. I, my pride not gonna let me get embarrassed. I'm gonna compete now. That's for, that's one thing. Well I, I I competed in the game so long, man, to be honest.


And I got, I got two kids, You know, I got a 15 and a 17-year-old son. And You know, everything to them is, is a competition. And for me right now, man, I, I did that for 16 years and You know, I did it at a level that, You know, they're, they're trying to aspire to. You know what I'm saying? So, You know, and I got to leave, You know, the game, You know, when I wanted to. So I don't like my competitive edge of actually having to like physically dominate somebody. I don't, it's just, it's just no longer there. Now if you piss me off enough, then yeah.


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know, I have to have an Iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game-changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great, but what, what, describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid To get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid. Get 15 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give It a try at min mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent. $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only. Speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees. Extras. Min mobile do com.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


We gonna get into that. Pissing you up. I can't wait to tell this story. You probably don't even remember this, but I remember we gonna get to, we gonna get to that as soon as I get to bro. Anybody that follow him on Instagram, he has his bearded dragon and I, and if you go to his Instagram page, like I just thought he was messing around like little orange orangey looking bearded dragon. He calling mango. 'cause I guess it's, it's a mango girl. It's a girl. It's a girl, okay. She, yeah, yeah. And the fascination of it, like it's a wild animal. You really giving mango a bath, you talking to mango and it is down near like she listening like mango, mango, man.


Acting crazy. You got some, you got some, You know, a little bit right there. It's not coming off that easy. There, there, there it is. You like that, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Throw that coming off, huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah. This Yeah did. Damn. Alright, let up. Lemme get it. Come on.


I almost got it. Come on. No, it's so much more embarrassing. I almost got it bro. So where did this come from? Like the taking care of a bearded dragon? That's the first question. Number two. How many times she bit you? She has never bitten me. She has never, she has never bit me. She's puffed a beard up at me. It's not even my dragon man. My dragon, the lizard has, you haven't been bitten one time? Not by her, no. Now listen, wow. I have not been bitten by her. She's puffed her beard up, You know, but she hasn't bit me and it's not my dragon, it's actually my son's dragon, James.


It's my oldest. And somehow it turned into mine because he don't care for her no more. So you like, I'm gonna take care of her and I'm like, I'm gonna give her away. And I'm like, dude, I'm not about to give her away. Like what if they don't take care of her like I do, You know what I'm saying? Like, I can't give her away. So, You know, I got a, I got a drug on my own, his name was Ron De Wait, wait, wait, wait. Yo own rondell. Listen, listen to me. Lemme tell you how you come up with the, the name Ronde bro for a beard of Dragon. Listen, his name was Rondell Delius. Dussel Berry Harrison. Right. And when I got him, he was cool, but a little while later he started getting the aggressivity so he would do the puff and the beard.


So I'm like, I thought he was playing and then he jumped at me. I'm like, oh, he trying to bite me. So I put on a glove and I'm like, I'm gonna see if he go bite me, dude. He bit me, he bit me. Well he bit the glove. So I'm doing everything to try and figure out what's going on. So, You know, I'm calling like, yo, he's like, try this, try that. I'm, You know, I'm trying everything. I'm like, he ain't, it ain't working right. Rondell gotta go, Rondell gotta go. I'm like, Rondell gotta go. 'cause I don't wanna hurt him. You know? I don't know why I got such a soft spot for animals, man. I could, I could break somebody's neck and keep it moving. But these damn animals, I don't know what it is. Anyway, so I end up getting him back, giving it to the guy that I got him from. 'cause I know he's going to take care of him and all that.


Right Man, he sends me a video. Rondell was letting me pet him, pick him up, all that. So Ronell, I couldn't find out. He was a racist. Oh. So the person got it from him. He, he wasn't black. He wasn't black. And then I gave him that and he was acting white. So I came to the conclusion that Ronell was racist. I had a dog like that once, You know what I'm saying? His name was Bur, he was a little pug Kinese mix. Right. And I didn't know Bur was racist until I started bringing white friends over. And he would, he would try and bite him when they reached down to petting. So I tell my friends, I'm like, listen, you go to my house, man.


I got this little kinese dog, You know he cute, he little cute dog. You go on a pet him. I said, but whatever you do, he's gonna walk up to you. Don't reach down to petting. All he's doing is trying to get your hand close enough so he can bite you. 'cause he's not gonna jump up to bite you. He just wants you to put your hand down there so he can bite you. You know how white people is, man. They want old love on the dog. Oh it's such a cute dog. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't do it. Don't do it. They every time go to reach down there and he try and bite the dog shit out of him. I'm like, dude, listen my dog, they dog. I'm like, listen, I think my dog racist. Like he, he soon, as soon as somebody trying to reach down there and it's said, why ain't he go, he go after.


I didn't know that. I mean, I, I found out that out later. But You know, I don't know if animals can be racist, but I I I mean your animals, your animals at least you believed. They listen, listen, he let me pet him, pick him up, all that shit. Ronell was, he was tripping. Like he, soon as you went to the cage and opened it, he puffed up, started his, You know what it was? He ain't like that. You named him Rondell. That's what it was. He ain't like his name. He ain't like that name you gave me. Well my other son, he got, he got a, a banana striped. A burn? No, a banana striped ball, Python, which is now mine again. And he is sorta, well, he's nice.


He's just, it's just a ball python. They ball, they ball up, they ball up into a ball. But that now has become mine too. So I'm taking care of that, feeding him all their other stuff. And I had to, I had to up his intake of what he was eating. 'cause for a while he wouldn't eat nothing. Like I tried to feed him frozen, You know, all this other stuff. And I finally got, You know, I had to go to live. I, You know, and once I went to live, You know, after three months he finally, You know, started eating. And now he done got so big though, to where this dude just eaten like three or four at a time. So I'm like, You know what, I gotta move to like a, You know, a rat or something, You know? 'cause I'm going to the store, You know, like every two weeks getting three or four m.


So I ended up having to getting his first rat. I ain't gonna lie, dude. It was, it was a fight, You know? And he scratched, he scratched my dude up real good. But You know, he made it through it and he, he got it down. But that's another one. That's it. Done became my animal now. Well they, they lucky, they lucky that you the owner, you the friend taking care of 'cause giving him a bath, mango, relax mango. I ain't doing none of that. So they lucky now we gonna get into this football. I gotta tell this story. I don't even know if you remember this. He played with the Steelers, as y'all know I played with the Bengals.


We playing twice a year. We as playing y'all, you probably do not remember this. He used to just walk around with his helmet on, obviously. And he would just look at everybody just real crazy. Didn't say anything, didn't smile at you. And so one day he was, I don't know who he was talking shit to. It was during the timeout, where's playing? And I just walked by him. I said, fuck, you always looking like you tough nigga, you ain't tough. That's what I said to him. He didn't say one word to me. He just looked at me real crazy. And so then I said, oh, you Think you scaring me, huh? Ain't nobody scared of you, boy. And he, bro, when I say, you looked at me so crazy.


So then I go back to the huddle, Willie Anderson, like, we about to get the play going. He, when you leave him alone, you ain't gotta block you. So I catch out, I catch a little out loud and you spear me in my back and you gonna look at me. You say, say another motherfucking word to me, punk. I was like, what? This dude. And you just, the, the rest of the game. Every time I looked at you, you was just looking at me like when I see you, oh yeah, yeah. I'm a So then when I met you off the field, I'm like, oh buddy, cool as hell. Yeah, yeah, yeah. On that field for sure. It's look that you, I think everybody across the league was like, bro, James Harrison.


Like for real killer. Like in real life for real. Oh yeah, yeah. I get that. I get, I ain't gonna lie, I get that all the time. Like guys that are my teammates, they end up, You know, getting to know me and all that. But like on the field in between those lines, dude, my dad told me when I was 10, he was like, the coach had told him. He, he didn't feel like I was practicing hard or whatever and I wasn't, You know, I was, I wasn't, I wasn't going hard. And my dad told me then he was like, You know when you step on this field, you ain't got no furnace. He said, whether it's practice or a game, you go out there and you try and tear whoever's head off, it's in front of you. So from that point, then when I got on the field, I don't care, You know, if it was practice or a game, I'm trying to do everything I can and my power destroy you.


I don't want you to finish that game. I don't want you to be injured. Like, You know. Yeah, we, we, we, we got that. We've, yeah, I on your face every game. Yeah, yeah. You can play next week. I just don't want you to finish this week. I want you to know you was in a football game. Well, well, so I, I guarantee though, when you would meet people that you played against, you got the same stories and then they meet you and they like, and I don't remember it. I ain't gonna lie, dude, I, I, one dude was like, dude, you broke my nose. I'm like, dude, I ain't, it was a lineman from Sunday. He was like, he did it twice, dude. He was like, you. I'm like, I don't, I don't recall that. He's said, how you don't recall that? I'm like, because I don't like you say something to me.


I'm, I'm just eating it up. I'm, I'm, I'm sitting there and running it through my head the whole time just to heat me up more and more. And when I get that chance to hit you, I ain't trying to lower it. Boom. Yeah, and you was doing it. And the facial expressions, the body language made it even worse. Now let, let's talk about George Pickens. You know, what's going on with that. Yeah. I heard something about he, yeah. Okay, so I'm gonna kind of give you the backstory. Obviously George Pickens gets drafted to the Steelers, then they just traded him about a month and a half ago. Dallas Cowboys. So George Pickens is supposed to do a camp in Pittsburgh.


So he was traded May 7th. So just about six weeks ago he gets traded to Dallas, but he still commits, I'm still gonna do the camp. That's what he's telling the people that's organizing and running a football camp. I'm gonna still come back to Pittsburgh and do the camp. Well all the kids registered. George say, nah, I ain't coming back. I'm not doing the camp. I don't care what y'all do. I'm not doing the camp. So Pat Friar moved the tight end and said, You know what, I'll step in and, and I'll do the camp for George. What do you think George should have done and what would you have done?


For me, if I get my word, my word is my word and I'm gonna go through with it. It doesn't matter how I feel afterwards. Once I get that word, I'm going to do it. If that was something that he really, You know, just didn't want to do, I think, You know, he should have made that decision initially to be like, You know what, I don't want to do it because I done got traded or, or, or whatever it may be. And then again, You know, you're talking about representatives. I don't know if this is something they directly heard from him. So you've got a lot of people that speak for you, especially when You know you're in that position. You got people that are like, no, you, You know, he's still going to do it.


And sometimes they're hoping that they could convince you to actually, You know, still do it. So was that something where his team was like, yo, he's still going to do it. And it may have been something that as soon as he got traded, he was like, You know, I'm, I'm not gonna do that. And maybe over time they were trying to talk him into it and they just couldn't get him to do it. So unless that was the direct words from him, You know, it's kind of six in one hand, half dozen in the other. Although that is your representative, they do speak for you. Sometimes they try and speak in your best interest hoping they can convince you to still do it. Me personally, I I feel like I'm like you.


Once you say you, once you commit to something, just go ahead and do it. Because it's a lot of kids, man. Like they ain't getting caught up in the, he's with the Steelers now he with the Cowboys. They just wanna see George Pickens. Right. And so disappointed a lot of kids, and I'm sure he don't, he don't, he don't care about that. But once you say you're gonna do something, whether you play for the Steelers, you play for the Cowboys, it's a day outta your time. One day outta your time. Just go ahead, knock it out. Matter of fact, don't surprise them and, and continue to keep them people and those young kids and those families as fans.


'cause obviously they signed up for your camp 'cause they liked you as a Steeler. Even when you go to the Cowboys, they still gonna be a fan. So now he's lost fans. But I don't know if You know George, I've been around him a little bit. He just don't give a damn bro. Yeah, I don't, his representatives were like, Hey, you need to do this. He probably was like, nah, I ain't doing it. I don't care. I ain't doing it. I don't care what you say. I'm not doing this. I think it's unfortunate because he's probably gonna take a hit in his reputation. I don't think he gives a damn, but those kids that, that's the part of it, they just gonna be disappointed. Now, when you left Pittsburgh, where'd you go? I was Cincinnati. I thought you did.


And that's why I was, I didn't know if it was New England, Cincinnati, Cincinnati, new England. How was it leaving Pittsburgh going to Cincinnati? Like the, the, the differences, the dynamic. I know you couldn't wait to play Pittsburgh that first game, but what, how was it playing? Because they, Pittsburgh is historically a much better organization. Obviously they won a lot more than Cincinnati, but when we played each other, every game was always close for the most part. What was the differences between organizations that you felt like, okay, this is why the Steelers are winning more than the Bengals.


They take, they take, they take better care of the players. They like to be, the biggest thing that I noticed when I got there was the, the food man, like, you're eating, you're eating the same food that's, You know, the stadium cooks, You know, that's, You know, your game day fan food, You know what I'm saying? It's the same company that's, that's making the food. It's, it's brought in, You know, buffet style. You got, You know, you had sandwiches that were already made up with, You know, cheese and mayonnaises on them and You know, all the other stuff. You know, the best thing they had was you could, You know, possibly get a omelet, You know, made for you on site. Everything else was, was pre-made.


Dude, it, it was not, it was not something that you are supposed to feed to, You know, a team or, or a professional team. You know, you don't go and, and, and use, You know, F1 Formula cars and put in, You know, 93 Octane, they use race gas and you are feeding, You know, these high performance athletes trash. And you wondering why, You know, they're not, You know, giving you the put up that you want. Dude, I, I was bringing in my own food, You know, I was, I was bringing food from home, You know, it just got to the point like they were just serving you things that was just loaded with, You know, grease. And it was, it was not very, it was not very good man.


The facility, well, we've gotten better at that. I was just sensitive. That's what it was like that when I was there. They, right now I will say much, much, much better comparison. Like, and I went there, I was shocked. Everything was made to order. The only thing that was buffet style was the fruit. Okay. That's it. And so to me it's, it's gotten much better now bringing that up. Because You know how they do the N-F-L-P-A report cards and you kind of Yeah. Rank, You know how after a game, and this is news to me 'cause when I was playing, all the families were indoors.


As soon as you walked out the locker room take about 10, 15 steps. They all to the right, it's indoors and they got a F because it says it's cold, it's outside, it's bad. Like, I don't know when they changed that. When you were there, were the family members outside waiting for you after the game? Honestly, dude, I, I really couldn't remember, You know, I didn't have a lot of games that, You know, my people could be there. So from what I remember, I kind of kind of met him like in the like, parking lot area. And we just got in the car we took off. So we're, You know, You know how you walk out and it's the parking lot, but just before you walk out into the parking lot, the families used to be in that area in the hallway out there in the thing, right?


Yeah. But that's indoors. Maybe they've changed it, but yeah, I just wanted to get up. But you realize like, like with the stillers, it's an actual area. It's a whole sitting area. Like you go in, you go into that area, you pick up your family, then y'all come out, y'all walk through the tunnel and then you go to your car. Oh, okay. It ain't like that. Okay. I got no, okay. It's different. Yeah. This okay. Yeah. Like, it was like for me, like when I got to New England, like they actually feed you and everything before you get out there. Real? Yes, bro. Whole, whole brought in buffet style. You know, they be having steak and all that, bro. Your family come eat all that.


Then y'all, You know, y'all shoot out through, really? In New England. Wow. See, I ain't never had that on any team. Yeah, well Stillers used to do it, but they would like, it would be one of the players or coaches. And they do like a, You know, in the parking lot, in the players parking lot, they'd have, You know, somebody come in and, and cook like some barbecue spot or whatever and everybody would hang out, You know, out there after they pick they people up from the family room.


The volume, When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because families supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


This is Jenny Garth from idu part two. Can't afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse with family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@chappacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome to the family, no Purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions. Apply


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeart podcast.