
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Holiday Magic is in the air, and DSW has got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more, and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you, or DSW dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. Na, pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's aw, anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned, even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to aw. Amazon books that reading feeling awaits The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday, playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app, use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet, just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


says If you, if you love to use emojis, yeah, you are going to heart this news. See what I did? Ocho researchers from Indiana University say, those who use a lot of emojis tend to have higher emotional intelligence. Oh, you do. Everybody know, you know your boy. Stay with emoji. Hey, Hey, I be, I be, I be I be I be I be sitting here all the time. Yeah, yeah. Which is the ability to understand, perceive and manage your emotions and the emotions of others.


Less emoji used with friends and romantic partners is associated with a personality style known as avoidant attachment, which often involves prioritizing, prioritizing self-reliance and independence over emotional closeness. Intimacy. Yeah. Now y'all want you, Hey, I steal the emojis. Hold On. What's, what's A lot of times, that's how I respond. Hey, what's your, what's your, what's The crying? Hey, ask Ash. Hey Ash, send me something. Yeah. Thumbs up. What's your most Emoji crying emoji?


Crying. Wait. Crying. Laughing Or laughing? Probably the crying emoji. Okay. Okay. Laughing. Yes, yes. Crying, laughing. And I'm very simple as you're like, okay, I'm on my way. Okay. That's it. Yeah. Join the same thing. Jordan. Like, I'm outside. Kate, just A letter. Oh, no, no, no, no. It's Kate, right? Or I, I used to like emojis, you know, I got my little man, he dressed up. He got a little sweater. Nah, He got a sweater. He got the glass, he got a little part.


I'm bring the bit emojis back. Did I have a chick told me? Say you send me one more Bitmoji. Hey, I'm gonna block you. Hey, what, what's, What's big emoji? I've put my bitmoji like this. It's a, it's a, it's an app you can go to and you can make a man, just like Ocho have a bald head. You can put glasses on him, you can put a gold chain on him. Everything. It's, it's just a, you gotta Pay for it. A A a a cg. Yeah. Yeah. Gotta pay For, Yeah. It's almost like a fun car. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm No, no. Yeah, I'm gonna do that. Yeah.


But that's, but that, that's, I mean, a lot of times that's how me and my sister, like, she'll say something, I'll like respond with an emoji or she'll respond with a bitmoji. Right. All holidays. Okay. I got, I gotta do that. I gotta, Gotta that. Lemme see if I still got my bitmoji over here. I'm show you too, right there. Okay. Hey, Hey. Oh, John talking. I got something to show you. I'm go find this up. Holidays coming up. Have y'all, have y'all started your Christmas shopping yet? Are you done with your Christmas shopping? You know, Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving is over. Or did you do most of your Cris shop shopping on Black Friday when things were at, were at a decent price.


Talk to me, Chad. Yeah. Yes. No, maybe. Okay, cool, cool. Anyway, Hey, I'm excited about this fight though, for the fight. Keith Lee, who whoop his ass. That's pretty much it. I'm excited for the holidays for, I haven't started Christmas shopping yet. I don't, I I don't know what the, my older kids want. I've got a Christmas list for my, my babies, my young babies. I got this, this, this young lady named Monique.


I, I owe her a, a gift, you know, for, for, for the blessings that she's bestowed upon me. And that's pretty much it. That's pretty much it. You know, my mom and I here, my grandma not here, so I'm gonna go see them Christmas morning. I'm not sure the graveyard should be open Christmas morning, I'm go, I'm gonna go get them a gift and that's, that, that's pretty much it. That other than that, you know, make sure y'all remember the tour tickets presale tomorrow at noon. NSFW is the code. NSFW is the code.


And that's pretty much it. I wish I could actually see what y'all saying, but my phone is charging. What else I wanna talk about? Can I tell y'all the Bengals of the best four and a team in the NFL right now? Even though our defense is like shaky, if we happened for, for fuck, but some god forsaken reason happened to get in the playoffs, we are a team that nobody would wanna see. Can I stand on that or can I say that? No, no.


Yes, no. Maybe. Okay, cool. Let me see what else can I talk about? Oh, Yes sir. Yes. Ocho you remember we had that conversation? Well, You got that whole lunch, you Got that whole lunchbox from, and I told you I had one. I dunno. You can, can you read what you said? I I can. Yeah. It What it say? It says, wait, that's Showbox From third grade Miss Max class.


No, no, no. I got it by, can y'all see that? Yeah, it's actually, it's 22 years old. And that's your original lunchbox in third grade, right? No, I used to bring my lunch to work, but I had it on a bag. And this lady that works at services, she's like, you know what, have you ever thought about a lunchbox? I said, nah, not really. She said, I'm, Hey, that's a, that's a nice little gesture. Yeah, yeah. That was thoughtful. And you, and you like, you like the Hulk. Yeah.


Hey, a so I'm gonna keep it. My whole burns got the Spiderman, I got the Hulk. He's like, man, he is like, man, I don't know where mine at. He say hell probably threw it away. But you know, I hold on everything. I'm, I'm very sentimental. Like, if you didn't know, I like it. I like, I like the whole load stuff. Ocho Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do It. I'm do it. Yeah, but you ought to get that Bitmoji. I, I could use the bitmoji. Use the bitmoji and you know, play around, play around with it a little bit. Play around. Hold on. Lemme see if I can, Hey, There's my guy.


Can you see it? Hey, I gotta do, I gotta get one. Them gotta get me one of them. I like that. Yeah, that's so right. That's what I normally do. I just like, I'll be responding to people. I send my bit, I send my bitmoji, do thumbs up. He got off. He cool man. So come New Year's, that's what you get? That's my New Year's. My, oh yeah. Yeah. I usually, oh yeah, I usually emoji. But You know, you use A emoji big time. Big time, big time.


Yeah. Yeah. You know my, yeah, but I keep mine. Yeah. My, my my, my my favorite emoji is 22 years old. Is the, is the hard eyes. Yeah. Yeah. I be, I be sitting, I'd be sitting, I'd be sitting the hard ass like, yeah, yeah. It, it is look like I had like a little, I had got like a little crush on this little chick, little chick named Monique. Yeah. I be, I be sending Monique the, you know, the crush eyes and stuff like, and she be responding sometimes. She cool. Yeah, she cool. Yeah, she cool. Okay.


Nancy said Ocho and Kely going at it while Prime commentator on the side with Feed Families. I got my money on Ocho. Yeah, I, I'm, I'm sure you do because they, Hey, when I was, you know, they used to call me Hella Hands. Right? They called me hella. Hey, matter of fact, let me tell, hold on. Matter of fact, when I was in la you know, when I was in la, you know, I was Why they call you hella, man? I'm, I don't wanna bring that up. You know, when I was in LA and stuff, but they, I would, they used to call me little baby squabbles. You, you, you hear me? Ah, hey, hey, hey. I'm gonna tell you again. Hey, Keith Lee, Bruce Lee, spike Lee and Lee from Rush Hour.


All of them getting they ass. Whoop


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be, be involved To have good sound. And to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Has TV gotten really complicated lately? You're either endlessly searching for your favorite shows or subscribing to a dozen different streaming services. You don't even save as much money when compared to the cost of old cable bills. Thankfully, Philo has changed all of that. One service. All the stuff you need. Philo's got current seasons of the shows you can't miss. Live on networks like Paramount, A and EMTV, discovery and TLC classics like the Office, Martin and Friends that you can never get sick of. And all of the incredible originals on a c plus from Mad Men to Orphan Black. Don't forget their library of more than 75,000 movies and shows, all of which you can save and rewatch anytime for a whole year. Never miss a minute of shows like Yellowstone Love After Lockup and Friends. Best of all with Philo, you get all this for just $28 a month. No contracts, no hassles, just one subscription and a world of entertainment. So go to philo.tv and check it out for a free seven day trial. That's PHI do TV to start watching.


How would you like to get in the best shape, the healthiest shape of your life for less than $5 a day? I'm Body, CEO, Carl Dyler, that's Body With an Eye. And I've got your Healthy Bundle with a world class workout, healthy eating plan, plus the healthiest and most delicious nutrition shake that will make you feel amazing and really improve your digestion, if you know what I mean. All for less than $5 a day. This is your healthy bundle, your workout, your easy eating plan, and a delicious nutrition shake called Shakeology. And if you don't lose up to 10 to 15 pounds in your first three weeks, I'll give you your money back. Imagine a trainer and dietician giving you all this for less than $5 a day. Plus a healthy Superfood shake that curbs cravings helps you lose weight and gives you healthy energy. It's unprecedented and it's your healthy bundle. So write down this web address. Go to your healthy bundle.com, that's your healthy bundle.com, and see how healthy and fit you can get For less than $5 a day,


Check your home with plus.com dhy y or let us install Com Free. Design consultations. Free. Free, Free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, Free. Plus free samples. And free shipping. Free, free, free, Free, free, free ho oh blind.com. Invented a better way to buy custom high quality window treatments with no showroom markups, or waiting around for quotes from pushy salespeople. Saving you time and money for the holidays with upfront pricing right on our website. Go right now to blinds.com. Satisfaction Guaranteed Satisfaction guaranteed. Check your home this holiday season with blinds.com. Save up to 40% on select styles plus a free professional measure. blinds.com. Blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Joe Burr says he bought a Tumblr BatMobile from the Dark Knight Trilogy. Each were priced at about $3 million and are fully functional, but not street Legal Burrow, tote Higgs and Jamar Chase during practice last week. Have I told y'all I bought a black mobile? I don't get it for like a year, but I bought one. I mean, it ain't street legal. That's a flex. That's a fucking flu. I mean, listen, Unc, you, you collect cars, don't you? You love cars, Huh? Yeah, but they need to be street legal. I gotta be able to drive 'em on the street. I know, but some, something like that would be a collectors item. Like, you know, Jay Leno, Rick Ross, some of those, some of those dudes that collect things where you, it's not street legal. You put it up and you, you save it and later on down the road, you know it's where you paid 3 million for it.


Think about it. Maybe 10 years, 20 years from now. Who knows what it might cost or might what it might be worth for that matter. Richard. What you wanna say? Sweet. Three bills. How much it costs? Three tickets. Three tickets? Yeah. 3 million. Man, listen, y'all better get, I don't know how much y'all making, but that's, y'all killing it 'cause I ain't, I ain't, I ain't got it. That's bur, That's a 250 Quarterback and football salary approximately another three to five off the field. So he probably doing 60 a year. 30 after taxes. That's about 30, 28. No. Yeah, I ain't spending 3,000,001 car about it Ain't moving nowhere because that's a house.


And I ain't talking about no RB and no mobile home. Yeah, no, I'm, I'm, I'm going down there to con with my boys in them and go a a villa next to them. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm not, not a Batman. That Bill, I can't drive It. He, he, he must be a, he must be a huge fan of Batman. The I'm too must be A huge fan. I watched the movies. I gonna, damn if he was Batman, I'm not buying that. Yeah, I mean, listen, wait, we, we all, hell no. We all have a vice, A vice in certain things that we, we would splurge on if we What? $3 million Vice You no Watching Bass ain't got no goddamn vice. Not like, not like this. That's what I trying figure out. Shit. He Probably does obviously for a reason to spend three men on that.


And I think the value of whatever, whatever it is he purchased the BatMobile, Tumblr, whatever the hell it might be years from now, it's gonna be worth 10, 15 times what he paid for it. That better be a big roof card type. How you something? Gimme something crazy. Oh, didn't gimme that or something. 3 million for a Car. Listen, I can't even, I can't even talk trash, huh? Yeah, I think it was, was it 2009 to oh nine season? Hell, I least a goddamn damn Bugatti for the season, for the year. You a damn fool. Like a damn idiot. Yeah, about you gotta understand. I was ma I was making, so this was money off the field. I was making so much off The field.


I don't steal do money. You people say they go to the, what was that payment? 20? I was 25,000 a month. Oh Hell no. Yeah, a month. Yeah, Yeah, yeah sir. And yeah, you know how I know how much, you know how I remember how much it was. Matter of fact, people in the chat, if you could do me a favor, you know how Unc you not jail. You know how people get in trouble with they old tweets, like when they become famous or something and people go search if they old tweet Unc, we were playing, we were playing Philly in the preseason and I tweeted in the middle of the game on the sideline. After I got hit, I literally, literally on the sideline I got hit, came to the sideline and tweeted, I'm okay y'all the NFL find me 25 grand for tweeting in the middle of the game.


And that, that's how I remember what my Bugatti payments was. 'cause once, once they took it out my check, that was the tweet I sent out the next day. Oh no. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Chat. Hey chat. If y all know how to get on Twitter and go back to, I think I was still playing. It was probably 2009. I guarantee the tweet is still up. Damn the internet. Find me. Go, go search your shit. Leave my, Hey, that was, Yeah, 25,000. Yeah, I, they found me what, 50,000 for? That was 20. I remember. I mean, I'm like, and like, I mean, hey, I gotta be, I gotta be making some serious bread. I gotta be having some serious bread that, but I don't really like, like I said, like a car like that man.


And now you got a tie cost 22,000 an oil change or, or nah, hell on Doc. Check this out. Slice. Sylvester Stallone says he once mailed his longtime wife, Jennifer Flavin a breakup letter via FedEx. Stallone expressed regret about the decision to send a note back to Flavin back in 1994 when the couple had been dating for six years, but a year later they packed things up and the two got married in 1997 and they stayed together ever since. What's the worst way you've ever broke up with someone? Oh, hey, I'm so glad y'all see, here we go. Hold on a I'll never forget, I don't remember the yell, but let me tell you my history when it comes to women, everybody leave me Jay J when I tell you everybody leave me.


I never stood a chance. So, so many people have left me to the point where I'm numb to it when somebody leaves. Like that's, that's how, that's how long it's been happening. They always, yeah. Oh, so you need, listen, I I listen bro, I leave everybody. I'll never forget. I never done left, left a voicemail. She broke up with me and she left her voicemail on my phone. Who breaks up with somebody and not have the decency to do it to their face. Or at least, at least text it to me. I happened not to answer the phone. And when I didn't answer the phone, she left Jasmine Sullivan. I'll never forget this, she left Jasmine Sullivan's in love with another man with him.


Oh no. In love with another man on my voice, man. I'm like, that's good. Oh, What the, and when I, and when I tried to, you know, get in contact with her to see, know what's going on's crazy. I couldn't like, I don't know if she had blocked my number or, or what had happened. And then like two weeks later she was with another dude. So it made sense. Oh, it made sense. I'm thinking you gotta talk about I'm not scared, lying and Target. Yeah. Left for another dude and then hit it wrong and then she tried to spin it up. You got, you gotta let 'em spin the block. You, you gotta gotta get, get your lick back. No, no, no, no, no. I don't do no lick back. I don't do no lick back. Once, once, once, once you, once you, once you depart, once you get off the plane, you know how you try to get back on and then they tell you you can't and you can't come back.


No, we, we ain't doing that. Once you, once you walk off the plane, I could, because everything I do, I, you know, you know I am. Everything I do is it come from a good place. It come. I'm, I'm genuine, you know, and I'm not perfect. You know, I'm the first to say I'm not perfect. Yeah. But you know, for the mistakes that I do make, you know, God, God forgive me. You know? Listen, I I'm a bad guy sometimes. Oh, I'm Ocho I try to, I I try to, Hey, I try to follow 10 commandments, but sometimes I fall short. Ain't the thing though. Sweet Ocho probably be his heart in the right place is his digging league. That's in the wrong place. That father. Oh no, I, I I'm, I was about to tell you can't, you can't make it all the way to Paris.


Hey ain't got, we all had, We all had that problem. We young. You ain't had your meat under control. I good dude. I'm good dudes. I'm a good dude. Yeah, good. I'm a good, Hey, hey. I'm a, he's a good man. Hey, hey, I feel you. That good man. Man, I feel you bro. It it was like that for a minute. Now, now that's what, that's what got me in trouble when I was yoga. Right. A lot of 'em told me I was good. That was, I shoulda stayed as Oh. But as you get older, you like, damn, you know what? Yeah. Get that. Yeah. Come on man. I, you know what I mean?


They just like, the thing is, you know, when somebody's serious, like when somebody say, don't call me no more, all that, I mean, they don't really say anything. They're like, Shannon, I'm over. I'm done. Boom. That's it. And you call, I think they'll be already done, like change how to call the people and say, look, I'm gonna call my ex. I'm finna call he soon to be my ex. Because soon as they hang up, you call right back. The number you call is no longer in service. If you feel you reach this number and error, please hang up and try this call again. Thanks. Hey. And it Ocho it is what it is when it runs it course Yeah.


Runs its course a aint ain't nothing you can do. I'm not finna, I'm not finna blow you up. I ain't gonna do all that stuff because you're not finna hit me with no harassment charge. I told, I told tell me not to call. I'm gonna say, Hey, are you sure? I'm gonna say, hey, I'm gonna call one more time. Shannon, don't call me. Okay. Yeah. That's, it's it, that's it. Hey, that What that a e that's it. Scan straight. Oh yeah. Oh, you not finna put that place on me? Yeah, Yeah. Hey, I ain't gonna lie, man. I got my heart little broke. Damn. I was in high school, brother. You got to, this is the only girl who broke up with me.


Well tell Me about it. And she told told me. Yeah. Straight up bro. I was, I was, yeah, she got me. I was 16 dog. So look. Right. So I'm gonna tell, I'm I'm gonna keep it all the way a thousand. I ain't wanna go to this. I didn't wanna go to this tournament. Right. I was playing in the AU basketball. My pops told me, you gotta go to this tournament and all that. But it was like a little party, a little box situation, girlfriend. I thought I was fly like a young man. I mean, no mommy, I'm, but I, the time, I'm a sophomore, you know what I'm saying? I'm a sophomore starting varsity football and basketball. I'm thinking I'm the man. Everybody over here looked at like, all right, cool. So my pops ended up making me go to this tournament. So I was supposed to call her at like, at a certain time and I did end up calling her.


I had a, I had a, I had a game and 'cause you know, we played six games a day back then, but I had a game. It just so happened I get the, like, the scholarship that I always wanted. The Carolina, Roy Williams came to my game. Everything. I ended up getting that, like, that happened literally the same weekend, bro. I get back, I get back to school, everybody hearing about it, da da da. She give me my letterman jacket back, my little chain and like, nah, I'm good. Like straight. Like I wouldn't gonna give her a hug and all that. She hand on the chest. Wait a minute, I'm good. Like, wait, I'll ask you. She gave you, She gave you the Letterman jacket back and the chain Ooh.


Like worse. Straight up the Letterman jacket back and the chain. Like, nah, I'm, I'm, I'm good beloved. Like on that. I'm like, oh, like damn. And when I hit him, bro, I ain't gonna lie. I was like, the first girl I, hold On you Cried over was like in The fetal position in the big, like that kind of cry where your stomach hurt After that. I was just like, no. You Know. Oh, so you've been there? Oh yeah. Hey. Yeah. You been in the fetal position before crying? No. Yeah, I was there young Y'all there. I was young. That's why I'm glad we could be vulnerable and tell the truth. 'cause we all been there. You know, some dudes be acting like, oh, I ain't crying. No. Yeah, I done been there.


You ain't never been in love before. Yeah, I don't wish that kind, I don't wish that kind of pain on nobody. Boy That hurt boy. Nope. What ever. Right. Ever. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Are you ever interview, ever able to make it right? Make it right if you can't let it be, but if you can have to up, man. But It's one thing it, it's one thing about it, stuff like that scar, like with that story just told that story you just told, obviously I was scarred years ago. Yeah. Oh. Fast was scarred years ago. And one thing I always tell uncle all the time, anytime we talk about things like this, Unc you know, and you get on me too about saying it where I say, when dealing with people, you know, I always manage my expectations.


You hear me? You see where I'm coming from. So understanding not only how you get 'em is how you lose them. You, you know, and understanding history always repeats itself. So therefore I'm able to, I'm, I'm able to compartmentalize and understand, you know, I'm trying, I'm I'm trying to go just, just, just by by example. So it's, it's easy when things don't work out, I always remember and just, and trace back. Well, hell, well this is what happened back then. So I'm not Finn be dilu or anything. Well, hell, it wouldn't happen to me. So it makes it easy because of that heartbreak I done been through 20 years ago. Oh, it tough, bro. Bro, It's, it sound dumb, but it is.


It it is been, it is been, it's been a protector for me because hell, when I think about it, oh, when I, oh, but everybody left me since 1983. I ain't had, I'm shooting, I'm shooting like 30% from the field. Hey, hey, hey, I'm Shooting, I'm Shooting 30% From the field. I mean, well, I ain't gonna lie. I mean, well, I don't, You gotta figure out where it's at, But you know, huh? Yeah. Watch rewatch. I saw the Notebook and I saw Rewatch film though.


I about, I'm talking about you watch. I Need You gotta be. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You gotta, yeah, that's the thing, dog. If you don't watch film on you, you watch film on everybody else, it's, it is a difference dog. You know, when you like, oh damn. Yeah, I ain't even have to step to the right, right there. I couldn't just kept watch me, you know? Come on now, you know


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Has TV gotten really complicated lately? You're either endlessly searching for your favorite shows or subscribing to a dozen different streaming services. You don't even save as much money when compared to the cost of old cable bills. Thankfully Philo has changed all of that. One service, all the stuff you need. Philo's got current seasons of the shows you can't miss. Live on networks like Paramount, A and EMTV, discovery and TLC classics like the Office, Martin and Friends that you can never get sick of and all of the incredible originals on a c plus from Mad Men to Orphan Black. Don't forget their library of more than 75,000 movies and shows, all of which you can save and rewatch any time for a whole year. Never miss a minute of shows like Yellowstone Love After Lockup and Friends, best of all with Philo, you get all this for just $28 a month. No contracts, no hassles, just one subscription and a world of entertainment. So go to philo.tv and check it out for a free seven day trial. That's p h.tv to start watching.


How would you like to get in the best shape, the healthiest shape of your life for less than $5 a day? I'm Body CEO Carl Dyler, that's Body With an Eye. And I've got your Healthy Bundle with a world class workout, healthy eating plan, plus the healthiest and most delicious nutrition shake that will make you feel amazing and really improve your digestion, if you know what I mean. All for less than $5 a day. This is your healthy bundle, your workout, your easy eating plan, and a delicious nutrition shake called Shakeology. And if you don't lose up to 10 to 15 pounds in your first three weeks, I'll give you your money back. Imagine a trainer and dietician giving you all this for less than $5 a day. Plus a healthy superfood shake that curbs cravings helps you lose weight and gives you healthy energy. It's unprecedented and it's your healthy bundle. So write down this web address, go to your healthy bundle.com, that's your healthy bundle.com and see how healthy and fit you can get for less than $5 a day.


ODU is business management made So simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's od o o.com. Good job. Thanks.


This holiday season, skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com.


Now, Kiki Wyatt was invited to the Frankie Frankie Beverly tribute to perform to me. Yeah, didn't know the words to Before I Let Go. Hey, one thing about it when it comes to Kiki Wyatt, she can do no wrong. I don't be y'all Kiki slander here. Ocho said, oh, Nightcap no Kiki w slander. Hey, I don't care. I don't care what nobody say. It will be no Kiki w slander. Now we talking about ki listen, I'm I'm telling you right now. And that go for everybody in the chat.


We talking about the Kiki White, the legend, one of the greatest voices of all time. Top till. Okay, now sometime we forget words sometime as an artist it does happen. It did. It happens. It's the part of the game. I've seen Frank Sinatra live in 1968 at Carnegie Hall. He forgot the words. He forgot the words. Fly me to the moons. Oh my. I was there. God, I saw Dean Martin in Vegas at Yeah, it, I mean it happens. Oh, but oh no, we don't do that.


Oh, we don't know. Not my system though. Hey, you know, you know Key. He's sitting singing at the wedding too now. She's singing At the wedding. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's singing at the wedding. Yeah, she's singing at the wedding. Don't worry about I saw something. Yeah. Won't worry about it. I tell you later. I ain't Later. Oh, a jr. Oh, I'm getting married in February, boy. Oh, now I ain't back on top. Nah, I ain't back on top. But I'm getting married February on top. The hell it's gonna be. Oh yeah. It's gonna be, I'm gonna be somebody that's, that's a, that's a part of my spiritual journey.


Oh. So what's going on? A Part of my spiritual journey is finding, finding that support system. Wait, what? That wants to be there to support me through the ups and the downs. God said, God said the love thy neighbor, you know, and those vows. How, Hey, hey, what the vowel say again? Huh? Rich sickness and in health. Yeah. And sickness and in health till that do us part Until one of us get fat Or to one of, I ain't, I like, I like, I like me fat with no, I, I love me fat with That's Fine. I ain't saying you gotta stay the exact same size I did when I met you, but if you think you gonna be 1 35, it all of a sudden be 2 75, that ain't gonna fly.


Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. You ain't never seen 2 75 put together the right way. Yes. See what I tell you what? Say I just told y'all, Hey, I ain't gonna hold you. I can't hold em like I used to. My heels, my five I need, I need the wall to offer a little support. But back in the day, back in the day up to 200. Yeah, 200. I can walk around the room for 10 minutes. Which Yeah.


I ain't gonna lie. I'm too blunt. I ain't doing that. Get your big ass in the bed. Come on fist. I ain't doing that. Listen, Finess, There's nothing that's nothing like, there's nothing like, I mean, as I got older, I mean, when I was younger, when I, when I was younger, I, I, I had the, the pleasure of dating many women that were of size. That's what I like to call it. And, and BBWs beautiful be, I mean be, you know, one a 180 and up was, was always my, my quest and, and and, and what I yearned for women of size and as I got older, huh?


180 And up. Yeah. 180 and up, you know, 200. You don't like a big, you don't like a big nah, big nah, nah, nah. First Oh, job. First of all, no. To be honest, no. Yeah, No a no. Oh 8 180 fa when I came into the league, I was, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Not for me, but See two 18, I'm, I'm two. That's a lot. I'm two. I'm like 2 59 right now. Now in the ice school. Yeah.


2 59 Hate you, you rounds. It ain't gonna be it go, it ain't going to the cards. It's a knockout. Yeah. One of 'em get knocked out by round two. Pat 22 said, do you think anybody can reach the Fame of Michael Jackson that Michael Jackson had? Absolutely not. And, and we in the social media era and they still won't reach it. Absolutely not. You could, you could have answered that yourself without even asking. That ain't never happen when They start passing out, when people, I see people pass out just to see this man when they start passing down to see somebody. Yeah, I'll think it's possible, man. Yeah. Hey, I'll let you boy.


But until then, absolutely God already gonna rush. Now Mike was, Mike was on another level. You have grown men passing out and that, that ain't gay. That ain't like on our level almost. That's a different level. You have grown men passing. That's a different level. I mean, you gotta probably Michael Jackson, he probably was Jordan Christiano. Ronaldo all combined in the Yeah, in the one one. You know, you know it can I, can I say something? It make me a little uncomfortable and it, it, it, it is scary. The type of Fame Michael Jackson had is the type of Fame where you are worth more dead than a alive?


I don't want, I don't wanna be that famous. No, I mean, because he could've gone. No, I mean, think about it. He been, He Hey, that's, that's, that's, that's how That was. I mean, you gotta think about how, how young he was when he became famous. Yeah. I mean he'd been Michael Jackson since he was like eight. What you talking about? Sweet. Hell no, you can't go, you can't go nowhere. I mean, and see if we got Fame sw we still can go some, we can still can go somewhere. You can like that.


Oh no. What? I'm cool. I'm cool. I told my mama, I swear I told my mama the first year I played with Melo and she, and I told her, I said, mama, I don't wanna be no superstar. She was like, what you mean you, you knew you worked your whole life. I said, mama, I don't wanna be no superstar. She was like, why? Said my mama, I can't go nowhere. I ain't gonna be able to do nothing. Like I play on the TV with these and like started running down like we go to best buying certain shit. She's like, really? I said, yes bro. She was like, I don't want that. I wanna have that.


I I don't want that. No sir. I still fly. I still fly Delta dog. I'll be an American and United Lines and shit. And you imagine people just sitting there nonstop just like, yeah, hey up. Yeah. Like, bro, I'm not doing that. Nah. The Volume


This holiday season, skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without Compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


If you are a facilities manager at a university, you know, students rely on the cafeteria for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and the occasional late night. So when a dishwasher breaks down and dirty plates pile up, the mess hall can turn messy in the blink of an eye, enter Granger. With over a million industrial grade products and fast delivery, the product you need now is never far away. So you can turn that dishwasher back and into a lean, clean washing machine. Call click.com or just stop by Ranger for the ones who get it done.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com. Now.


Can you believe all this talk about GLP ones? Of course you can. It's all people talk about. Have you heard about Future health? Though they make access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever. People can struggle with weight loss for years, trying various diets and exercises without lasting success with GLP ones, many people notice a reduction in cravings and felt more in control of their eating habits, which lead to weight loss, physical health, and feeling more optimistic about their future. Feeling good is most important. And no matter what you do to be healthy or to get in good shape, now science can be utilized. Everyone wins. They give millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.