
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Black Friday football on Prime is back. This week, the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable catches an old school rivalry for a new game day. Firing Downfield Stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move. Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pre-game at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday football for details.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Holiday Magic is in the air and Ds W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DS W store near you. Or dsw.com.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Who, here's a story I can feel bad about. Patriot's owner Robert Kraft was passed over again for the Pro Football Hall of Fame for the 13th consecutive year. Robert kf bid to become a pro football Hall of Famer remains on ice. The committee overseeing halls contributor category bypass craft in favor of Ralph A who helped set up the original meeting for the league to become the NFL craft. Supporters would note that since Jerry Jones, who has overseen three Super Bowl teams, as in the Hall of Fame craft should be considered, he's won twice as many while also serving on one of the game's most influential figures.


Hey, who? Who did you know? This is a, this is, I didn't even know. Oh, Jordan, you know I am, I'm a historian. I didn't even know who Ralph Hay was. Listen, who did? Who did Mr. Robert Kraft piss off? I'm, you know, this is deeper than what we, what we think it is. Obviously Him not been lied. Lemme tell you what's happened. Lemme tell you what's happened when everybody, when all these reporters said Spygate wasn't that big of a deal. Yeah. It was a bigger deal than what they previously said. Right? Because I believe they hold this man culpable for some of the things. Because if he didn't know, he should have known. And this happened under his ownership.


That's the only way, that's the only thing I could you could think of. Have you ever, I I don't know how much you've been around him, but I've been around him. Yeah, he's an unbelievable, he's unbelievable. Yeah. He's one of the nicest men I've ever met. Very, He's cordial. He's always asking, how you doing? How you feel. He honest, he's like, I appreciate, I can tell he, Hey, he, hey, I can tell you do a lot of work. Lot of work. And I said some things about his team, about some of the players and some of the things on his team. He shook my hand and he said, I'll see you around. And he turned and he turned around and he winked.


I don't get it. 'cause like I said, Ocho, I've been stopped thinking I knew what a hall of Fame was when I saw some guides that didn't get in on the first ballot. I said, I don't know what a hall of famer is. Well, you, you, you know, you know how that voting goes. You understand the politics that goes, that, that goes into it and that that's behind it. Especially with those that are doing the voting that are in positions of power and are allowed to control the narrative on who's allowed to get in and who's not. But especially when it comes to an owner like Robert Kraft, what he was able to do since he's became owner of the New England Patriots and, and winning the Super Bowls that he was able to win with Bill Belichick and Tom Brady. The fact that he hasn't been let in yet. I think it's bigger than Spygate. It's bigger than whatever issues they've had.


It's something that we probably don't know about. And it's almost as if it's personal, you know, to this point. Yeah. It has to be because I don't, I don't know. I don't know what other reasons. But man's not in. Yeah. Oh, so they won six, they lost two. They've been to 10 NFC championship games. They've been to been more, hold on. Have they been, let's see, they lost to the Broncos twice. They lost to the Ravens and they lost to the Coles. So they've been to four. Yeah, they've been to 10. The fun thing about it is, is the New England Patriots make it look so easy.


They think people, it, it makes people believe it's easy to do. Yes. They could typically one over and over and over, over and over, over, over and over every year that people or the casual fan think it's easy to do. And you wonder why teams continue to continue to struggle reaching that type of consistency year in year out. It's very, very difficult. You never Gonna see this Again. It's hard to win a, it's hard to win a game, let alone continuously go back to the Super Bowl year in a year out And let the man, the man's 83, what the hell y'all waiting on? Y'all gonna wait the man and then have his son, Jonathan and whomever else out there on the field, let that man enjoy this effing moment.


Yeah. They should have done put art in the only time in NFL history. They made the man leave the colors and the records. They didn't do that to Bud Adams. They didn't do that to Al Davis. Al went up and down the coast, Oakland, LA back to Oakland, LA back to Oakland to they still, the, and they didn't leave. Not one color. They didn't leave, not one record the Rams, but Adams left, left Houston, Mr. Adams left Houston went to Nash, went to, went to Memphis and N whatever, kept the records.


The Colts left Baltimore in 84. Like a thief in the night and did not tell the NFL with the Mayflower vans. Go look it up. Yeah. Ain't leave nothing. They made art, leave the colors and the records and he was on the TV committee Monday night Football, a lot of things. The the Players Association. Come on. What are we doing here? Owners, why? I'm trying to figure out why, why, why, why, why The reporters are so, hell, Ben, what did y'all lose? Right? He left for the same reason all the other owners leave money.


He asked them to help him upgrade the stadium he leaves. And guess what they did? They built us a bigger stadium with nicer amenities on ETT Lake area while municipal stadium. And if you're from Cleveland, you know, it was a dump to us. Overflowing. It was a dump. But y'all want this man to go bankrupt. Built a nice stadium on that Lake Erie, y'all wouldn't get a man or die. Now he's gone now wife gone. One of his sons, David, his oldest Don gone.


What are we doing? Personal, let Mr. Crack personal, the man 83. Y'all want the man to grovel. He's been one of the greatest ambassadors that you could ask for as an owner. One of the best. And he does everything for the betterment of the league. I can't say all of the owners have been like that. We won't get into who hasn't been for the betterment of the league. But I think y'all guard. Nope. Mr. Kraft has always done everything. What is in the best interest of the league O Joe?


The NFL issued a security alert this week about organizing skilled criminals who are targeting pro athletes, including the recent burglaries of Patrick Mahomes. And Travis Kelsey believed to be tied to South American crime Syndicate. Yes. They got your boy FBI is investigating the prime wave of international organized crime is legit. One source familiar to the situation. Told Tom ero it's trans, it's a transnational crime ring over the last three weeks. Nah, hell nah, nah. Last three years they focused on NBA and NFL players. If all over the country he ain't lying. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I, I need, we not talking about home invasions.


I mean, how, how, how are they doing this as far as the crime ring? What, what, what's going on? There's a South America, there's a gangs. They come up, they target athletes because what does athletes have money. They have jewelry, they have valuables. Stuff that I can get in. I can fence get off of pennies on the dollar. Anytime I take something that I didn't pay for, I don't give a damn phone hit by 15 bucks. That's 15 more bucks than I paid for. So that's money in my pocket. You're still a high end watches. Hey, mine got hit for a meal. Took all, every last watch I had and they took, what else they took? They took my Christopher backpack. All my cuff leaks, all my eyeglasses.


But, but this, this ain't even, this ain't even hit the news. I ain't know none of this has happened. Yeah, They hit, I think they got, they got Draymond, they got a couple of NBA players. I mean, a couple years. Last couple years. Yeah. Yeah. So They, they they, they knowing where players live when they're not home. Yep. Somebody say players need to see booby trap. Nah, you can't booby trap your house. They send you after to Dre. You can't booby trap nothing. How You gonna go to jail for Booby trap in your own house to catch a thief going in? Do It. To, find out. No, you can't booby trap your house on Joe. That's, Hey, that's, that's crazy, huh? Yeah, That's, they got wifi dramas and everything. They Hey Ocho, they good.


They good. Hey, these not, these not your normal criminals. Nah, no, no, no, no. They good. They in and out. They no alarms. Hey, they gonna hit it. They going to, they gonna get whatever they can get in about 20 seconds Outta there. Yeah, outta there. That's scary though, huh? It's when you think about it, when, when, I mean there's, there's really nothing you can do. Especially, And then you thinking about fa people that have family and kids, you know, your wife, your kids there, especially when you're outta town and that, that, that gets scared. Yeah. Guys, protect yourself.


Protect yourself. Make sure you set, set your alarms. Make sure you know, Hey, that booby That booby trap. Shit, that's a good idea. Now that I'm thinking about You going to jail. Ocho booby traps are illegal. They will put you in jail. Even, even if you catch somebody that's stealing your stuff, you're going to jail. Shit. I'm telling you. I ain't telling you something. Somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know there's documented cases, but he was steal it, but he was doing that. Yeah, but you can't do that Ah, so much for the justice system. Woo. Yeah. You know, you gotta have, you know, 24 hour security.


It's, it's unfortunate that you have to have that, but, you know, high end, I end people got it. You know, and it's unfortunate. Damn. Five star QB Julian Lewis Decommissions from USC, it's going to Colorado. Us the number two recruit in the 2025 class ES ESPN 300 committed to Colorado. If you saw the pictures, Shado is handing him the keys. I like that. I love it young. Yeah. Young Bull is nice. Now, not only are we getting a a, a, a two, two to about two star, the second best quarterback.


Second best quarterback, right? Yep. He's the second best. The quarterback. He's the number best. The number one. Bryce Underwood. He's the number one. He's also a quarterback. Right? The other guy, Julia, he's the number two player, but he's also a quarterback. Right? I think it's, it's a good thing. You can't, you can't replace Travis Hunter. You, there's nothing, there's nothing you can do as far as replacing Travis Hunter, but I'm sure we're gonna have some, some, some kids hit that portal and I think they're another superstar, another stud is, is gonna come from somewhere and feel those, and feel those shoes that number 12 is leaving once he goes to the NFL and I, I, I know it.


I just, I just don't know who it is. It is gonna be a big name and it's gonna be a surprise. Hope so. It's gonna be a big, i it's gonna be a surprise. Ok, Joe, the number one recruit in the nation quarterback Bryce Underwood. Yeah. In 2020 flipped his commitment from LSU to Michigan. Michigan offered Underwood four years, $10.5 million NIL deal to flip his commitment, he alluded to last week, but he was staying Pat, he'd have been foolish unless they offered him 12 million to go to L-S-U-L-S-U. Right? 10 and a half million dollars ocho. Yeah. You understand what that'll do for your family, for you change, Change your life before you even get to the NFL buddy.


Yes. Change your life before you even get to the NFL Man. Now 10 and a half million is last you a lifetime. Oh yeah. Hey, hey. Because you know, if you figure out the taxes, I don't know what the tax rate is in Michigan, I'm just gonna say, Hey, you got an agent, he gonna get his cut 5%. Right? You take the just, okay, it's a, it's a 5.2 $50 million deal. You know what I'm saying? Don't. Because 10 in a half, uncle Sam, just whatever you make when you get in that in, just cut it in half a million dollars. Say, man, I made five. Nah, you made a million. No, I made 500,000.


Uncle Sam made 500,000. We partners in this. You understand? We partners, he, Hey, he the only man that ain't gotta work. But get a cut of what you work for Every time. Understand that


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit sn hsu.edu today to get started.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates three for their unconventional thinking.


The all electric Chevy Equinox EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev starting at 34,995. The 2025 Equinox VLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev


Hi, it's the herd. I'm partnering with PayPal. Turn Black Friday into Stack Friday in the PayPal app. Find tons of cashback offers to stack on top of Black Friday deals from your favorite brands. All you gotta do is check out with PayPal online. Now that's a stack. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options, terms and exclusions apply.


Oh, Joe, that was a lot of money to turn down, man. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. I mean, any, any, any kid, any child in their right mind who has parent would tell him to do the same thing. Yeah. Now, if LSU say, Hey, we got 11 budget, we got, okay, well that's, that's where my heart was set. I'm gone. Right. Hey, money talk, but crash, crash screams. Yeah, that, that does Bad. Please. For that little bit of money. Yeah. It's, it's Acho. Yo yo B says whoever leaked the real, whoever leaked that is a real piece of increment increment.


People close, people close to join the bead. Thinks he wants to find a snitch and the sleep Sixers locker room. When EFPN reported the details on Tuesday morning's, meeting from inside 76 ERs, team meeting following Monday night, blowout to a in Miami one league figure told me Joel is going to be furious and that's MBI is going to try to find the Sixers supposed to snitch. Paul George was surpr surprised at the preciseness of the information from the meeting and that the media obtained an unnamed source. I don't know how the hell Sean's got that story or how it even leak. Especially being like some kinda like word for word. That's the crazy part about it.


So he wanted, so, so that was true, Joel. Har, you've been late the damn near everything. So you mad about the so you ain't mad about being tardy you not bad about being late. You mad about the meeting and it getting out. You see what he did on Joe? He put the blame somewhere else. Yeah. He put the blame somewhere else, but he also wanna know who the fuck I almost cursed by accident. My bad. He also wanna know who it is in his locker room. Be on time. If you on time, what would, what would the meeting have been if you were on time? Oh, I, I'm not talking about that part. That's the part other part I care about. Okay. I, I understand what you care about. I'm, I'm, I'm saying who is the person on my team that's supposed to be in house?


Who, Who is the person on the team that continuously showed up late? That's supposed to be the leader. Yeah. I mean him, him. But I don't want the person, I don't want, I don't be in my motherfucking face acting like you, like we cool, like we friends because that's what it is. Don't be in my mo don't be in my motherfucker face talking about we cool and we all this and you supposed to be showing up and you ain't showing up for the meeting. So you not you not, you not listening to man. No, I ain't got nothing. I I don't hear nothing. You gotta say we, We hold on, on, we understand the part about him being late. We done got, we done got to that part. No we didn't. I'm just saying what, what he want, what he wants to do to make sure he can ducks himself. Show up full time. You told me that you wanna win.


You told me you wanna be the leader. How the leader showed up late. Yeah. Listen, I'm with you. I'm with you when you're right baby. I'm, I'm with you when you're right Now I, I agree with you on everything you are saying, but again, whoever that green ass and I, and I, I ain't finna say that word. Yeah. That go going run into the media word for word about something that was in house. I need to make sure I watch you. I need to make sure I watch you so I Know it. You gonna To find out who did it. Hey that, hey, what's, what's, Hey, remember the latest, the latest team? What's the dude that snitched? That snitched on Delo? Yeah. Yeah. See that type of you can't man, come on man. But he put it out on his social media so we knew who it was.


Hang on hold. Okay. But I'm just saying now we, we, we, we got kind like that situation again. You gotta steer, you gotta stay away from people like that. Yeah. They leak. Draymond punching pool. They ain't found out who did it. That was a camera. The camera was Well who leaked it? Shoot. I don't know. But that was A meeting inside with Joy la beat somebody leaked it. Yeah. Hey unc. Hey snitches get stitches, unc. Hey, I ain't worried about nobody snitching on me. Don't do it. You supposed to be the leader. Yeah. You the leader. How you the leader? You show up late. So if Joe l and b showing up late, what do you think everybody else think they have a right to do?


Ocho. Oh no, you better. And I just wanna know why is Joe l and b the time more important than mine? Listen. Yeah, yeah. Yas yas be out. They goddamn dude showing up late thinking he like one of the better players. There's a difference. There's a difference. But I understand what you're talking about. I'm not agreeing with it. No, but you, you understand what I'm trying to say. Yes. I, I, look, I understand. See that? That's our thing. Y'all, y'all want to cover up negative behavior. Y'all want to cover up activity, man, no snitch, man. Robbing the neighborhood blind. I ain't snitching, I ain't killing on nobody. You see how dumb we sound?


We sound really dumb. I don't get it. Yes, that's yes. Yes. That's, that's the whole part. Because if he didn't give you the precision, you would've believed it and nobody else would've believed it. Yeah. And you still said, I don't know what they're talking about. And then, but the mere fact that you, you co corroborated everything that was said. Game set match. It's amazing how stories, oh, that ain't true.


They ain't lying. You know how media make it up a month later, two months later, a year later, it actually happened. Right? All you had to do was just show up on time and be, I mean they said late for tardy for everything. They said, Hey, can you, can you get to some of the things on time? They said everything. And then he talking about the whole thing didn't last for like 30 seconds. No, you had a team meeting at eight. You showed up 8 29. Probably was late to that cut off.


And he mad. He ain't mad at himself. He refused to hold himself accountable. Still tried to blow it off. The whole thing only lasted about 30 seconds. You see what he did? Don't you? You see only last 30 seconds. I mean, what's 30 seconds? And people wonder why teams don't win. Why when your best players have this type of attitude, when they have this type, this is what happens. Think what happens when you accept things and wins that you wouldn't have have lost loss thinking B in B time in, in, in Philly.


Maybe up. No, somebody leaked it that wanted it to get out because they knew if it didn't get out, he wasn't gonna change. That's why they leaked it. See people leak stuff when they don't think you're gonna change. Get you to change now. That's why it happened. Ocho. See, it's hard to stop something. People like how many times you know somebody, man a people don't stop negative activity until they, you don't stop speeding until the police catch your ass.


Mm. Then you slow it down. You don't stop doing the thing. People turn their life around when they take their ass to jail. How many people like, man, I used to rob people all the time. They ain't never catch me. I just start cold Turkey until you get caught. Man, I used to show up for meeting lot all the time. When they start taking money, they start finding you. They start suspending you. Oh damn. Hey. I think the word of Mr. Crowd, but you and I both know, had they not caught Spygate, they were not stopping. Coach Belichick wasn't gonna stop. He wasn't.


Why would it? The benefits are just too great. Yeah. I Mean, and for people to say it don't matter. There's a reason why they cover their mouths when they call them plays at it. Ocho. Yeah, it is. You you can read all that. Okay. I just, I I just don't get it. I don't get it. And why are you surprised at the preciseness pg? Because if it wasn't precise, y'all ought to say it wasn't true. That didn't happen y'all to try to blow it off as something else. But when you say the preciseness of it, everybody knows that it's been true and Joel and B has been late. Now I don't want people to think that Joel and B just started showing up late this year.


Oh no. Oh no. That's the One thing I like about Mike Shanahan. Everybody was held accountable. I don't give a damn. If you was John, if you were late, oh that money coming out, you check TD myself, nobody we went to, we went to practice that one time. They came out the old show them jokers and Tims and Uggs and Tim. He sitting everybody inside. Hey, okay, I love it. I love that everybody, we are a team, right? We're not gonna come out here looking like a damn all coach David was the same way.


We not gonna come out here like an all tournament team. We come from five different schools and we got on different colors. Nah, we about to let, hey we going match, we gonna look accordingly. We gonna get here on time. Everybody. Time is important. Another day. Another social media debate. Ocho, who's supposed to text first? Men or women? Wait, you know, it all depends What It depend on Wins. I mean, listen, there, there are some women that will initiate normally, you know, you expect the man is the one that always initiates the conversation the good morning. But sometimes you get women that actually like you back. Yeah, I like that. So sometimes you get women that sometimes, sometimes you get women that actually like you back and have no problem initiating conversation.


Whether it be in the morning, whether it be in the afternoon, whether it be at night, you know, I kind of like those guy. I, I kind of like those. If you choose a woman that chooses you, you know, then you don't have to talk about this debate or who, who texts who first. Because it doesn't matter because she actually likes you. Most of the time when a woman really doesn't like you like that she always wait for you to text. She always wait for to text. Matter of fact, if you're talking to somebody, especially a woman, fellas, if you're talking to a woman, don't text and see how long it take. See how long it takes for you to hear from that. Tell you all you need to know. Right there. That'll tell you all you need to know. So that's what that is. I thought they might have been busy. Oh not Come on.


There you go. You pull them glasses down. They ain't supposed to be too busy for unc. Ain't no listen man, ain't nobody ever busy boy. My grandma told me that years ago, a woman will move mountains regardless of what she has going on in life. No matter this, she doesn't use the word busy. Busy is used as a crutch. And the excuse when you really ain't that interested. Now find somebody that like you, find you one that choose you and watch how she never ever, ever, ever uses the word busy. Ever. But she'll move. What? Wait, what time? You free wind. Oh. And and and don't. And don't listen. If you do find one that is busy and y'all happen to, y'all happen to partake in horizontal activity and all of a sudden after horizontal activity, she always freed.


Now that you mentioned it, Now you wait. Now you always free all of a sudden shoot the first. It's amazing on Joe how they get that tube steak and all of a sudden it's schedule free up. I don't mind though. You got one on now that you mentioned it. Battle. Hey it's ama it's it's, listen, I'm trying not to scream in the hotel room. It's amazing how that is. Right. Damn Ocho It's, it's, It's amazing Now that you mentioned that and I thought about it. You right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You give a little tool steak all of a sudden a schedule free. I thought you, I thought you worked at this time. I thought, yeah.


Hey what, what? Oh listen, what? The first, them first two, three weeks. Oh, I'm, I'm at work. Oh, I'm busy. Well after work I gotta do this. You free for dinner. Oh, I can't go to dinner 'cause me and my girls gotta go somewhere. But after that session, boy the gates in heaven open up boy. Available 24 7. You know if, if you need to see me today, I ain't gotta go to work. You know what Ocho, now that you think about it, Ocho, now that I think about it, you right Man, listen man, crazy, crazy how that work bro. The More the hotdog in the buns, they sure find a way Every time.


Mm mm Every time. And the more difficult, the more difficult they are in the beginning, the more time frees up. You know what ocho what? Yeah. The more difficult they are All sudden when you asking them now all of a sudden what you got going on tonight? I gotta flip it. Not you that what I got going on anything. Yeah man. Yeah. There, there was some days, there was some days I Got a BU going on. What's that? Anything but you. Oh man, I gotta play hard too. Now you I gotta flip the script.


Yeah, yeah. You ain't got, you ain't got, you got One thing. One thing about it when the, when the, when the roles reverse and the, and the, the power dynamic is shifted and the man has the power. Nah, I'm, I'm just, I'm just, we're having a good time. I don't play games like that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't, me neither No more. I don't play game like that no more. I don't play games like that no more. Nah, I look, I I ain't that little. Here's the thing, this is how I, I would, I've always operated. I will text, you know, Hey, hey, how you doing?


Nice to meet you, blah blah, blah. Hey, I don't know if you got my previous message, but I was just saying hold, hello, blah blah, blah after that. That's It. Huh? Yeah, because I don't, I don't think I'm, no, I don't think I no ugly ninja. I ain't saying I'm the best. I ain't saying I'm the best. Nah. But I damn sure ain the worst. You good? You and y'all think y'all old. Y'all think I'm him. Y'all think I'm willing lump. Right. I damn sure ain't winning. Lump, lump cousin. Oh no. Y'all ain't fit. Oh no. Yeah. Play with your big nick mammy. I ain't the one to play with. Bad, please.


Nah, nah. Oh man. Yep. So Ocho said it all depends man. Not Ocho, just how y'all do. Hey, I need, I'm gonna get me a hack hacksaw and I'm just gonna cut Florida off because Florida always on some bull. Jo, a Florida high school coach has been suspended from his job for after allegedly watching adult videos in the middle school classroom. And it appears he was caught on video taken by a student according to TMZA video and circulating online, allegedly showing head football coach of Miami Jackson Senior High School, max Edwards watching performers get down in the dirty while the students film him watching.


Edwards is a successful high school football coach, well known in Miami-Dade area. After sp after years spent coaching two of the big high school programs to region and even attaining state championship. Really? Ocho Yeah, I know. Yeah. I I know Max. I know Max. You know he, he from the crib right there. Right there. No, no, Jackson right there by grandma. By grandma house. And you can't be doing that, man. You can't, you can't be doing that. There's a, there's a time and place for everything. And, and, and, and obviously when it comes to the kids, you know, cameras are everywhere. You, you, you can't be doing that. I mean there, there's really, there's no defending that. There's really nothing I can say, especially on school grounds.


No, you, you, you can't, you can't do that. You got, you got to make better decisions. You know. Especially in, he, he was probably in class. He would, was in class. He what? Man, Come on Ocho. You know, I like, you know, Ocho you know, you know I've been known to like a good video here or there. Yeah. But hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking now I'm, I can only speak for myself. I can only speak for myself, but my mind can't even in that area, in that atmosphere, in those surroundings. My mind even ain't even on that. No. No. Hell no. My mind not even on that, you know, understanding now I'm like, I ain't, I ain't finna see Latin now.


You know, I, I, I, I watch, I watch, you know, a fair share of my adult videos to get, to get, you know, to learn some tricks and, and to, to find some things that I can use, you know, for my, for personal use. Right. You know, but that's done in the privacy of my own home, you Know? Yes. I ain't gonna be doing that around no damn kids. Like mentally I'm not even there. No. Mentally never even there. So, I mean, he lucky He they might put a charge on him. Yeah. Yeah. Hey Yeah. That, that's cra That's crazy though. That's crazy. Nah, I don't play like, man, come on bro. Because we gotta do better. Dang.


I'm like bro, damn. Mm Man. Oh Ocho ow ocho check this out. The LT Airlines to start serving. Shake Shack, shake Shack, burgers, shake on the flights. But there's the catch only first guy passengers on Route over 900 miles will get this meal option. That's what I'm talking about. Delta. That what I'm talking about Delta or as talking about. Oh, they gonna start ask about guess what I said, what they about to start serving Shake Shack Burgers and probably milkshake.


I said they ain't gonna serve no damn milkshake. But you definitely not me to get no Burger Shake Shack. I've never had Shake Shack before. It's Good. Yeah, they good. I like them. Yeah. I mean normally because we a lot of, sometimes we have to fly, we have to fly out of Newark so we nah, they got one. They got one in JFK now don't, ain't the last time we was in JFK, but we were in Newark. Newark, Newark. Yeah, It was LaGuardia but we flying to JFK. Yeah, but you not getting it. It don't matter where we're flying, but, But hold on, hold on.


You, you only, you only get the Shake Shack based on where you're traveling to. You have to be Traveling. Yeah, you gotta be over 900 miles. So basically it's basically a, a coast, you know, east of east west, east of west, east, west, east. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. Jake Shack. Oh, y'all ain't gotta work it yet. Oh, it's a two point game. Right. Who playing? Who playing? Lakers and Orlando. LeBron. LeBron got ad got 39, 9 and two.


LeBron is 31, 10 and seven Connect is 17. And then a two point game ad missed the second free throw didn't he? Ron missed the first, missed the second, missed the first free throw made. The second one. Don't give up no three. What it call 'em Fran Waer going crazy. He got 34. Oh come on Lakers. Make it seven in a row.


Yeah. A dream. I'm sorry that you're not gonna be able to get what you call 'em as the Shake Shack. I mean, I might, you know I'm stalling man. Yeah. You know me and Ed Baskin, we go back. I dunno him but I'm gonna get to know him. I'm gonna say Ed, that good looking out. Who? Ed Baskin. Who's that? The CEO of Delta. That's the homie from Crib? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He pretty crib. Okay. Okay.


You, you lied Lakers. Why'd you let 'em shoot, take a three? They made it too, huh? They did. Makes a three point shot step back. I knew them three throws were gonna come back. They always do that. And the third quarter got 'em again. They gave a, had a lead five, had a seven point lead. And what you call 'em end up taking. Wow. They ain't played no defense had couldn't have Or did they turned the ball over.


Alright. What you gonna draw up jj? The Lakers free throws again. 65%. 17 to 26 got crushed on the glass. Hold on. I ain't even watched watching. I'm on the computer, bro. Give LeBron, let LeBron hear the three. He been hot tonight from three Oh the game over. This about ad fumble game bent over. Yeah. Again, I have a question. Can I, can I order room service or is it too late?


No, 2:00 AM You can definitely order room service. I can take the order for you if you would like. Yeah. You have, you have any kind of pasta this late? Neil spent much of his time lying, trying to be somebody he wasn't. And a admit monogamy is not for him. I don't have to lie anymore. No, no allergies. No. Didn't win. What Kind of possibly you have? I have and we cannot to it. And it comes Ric or we can have bro And the lake of lost y'all without Paolo ban Carroll the best player.


That's embarrassing. Or Okay. I'll do, I'll do the rega. Tony, I'll do the rega. Tony? Yes. With with tomato sauce. You have dessert? Anything? Chocolate for dessert? Oh yes, yes. I'll take, I'll take a brownie, but I don't, I don't want the ice cream. Just a brownie by itself. Slightly warmed. So it comes up warm and a coke with no ice. No ice cream Or up the Brownie. Yeah, just, yeah. Slightly warmed. 21, 23, 27, 29.


I have to get them description. It's okay. Thank you. You have Diet Pepsi or diet or, or regular Pepsi? They don't. Okay. I'm just, okay. I'll just take a, a Pepsi. That's it. The tomatoes does the brownie. Only the brownie. Slightly warm it up. And then one Pepsi for you. Yes, that's it. Okay. Take 30 minutes. Okay. All right. Thank you. I love you too. Let me something to eat. Neo says he spent much of his time lying, trying to be somebody he wasn't.


And Miss Monga is not for monogamy is not for him. I don't have to lie anymore. Ocho what's your take on who said that? Neo. Oh, oh, Neo Ne. I mean, I, you know, it's, that's, I think it's a, it is a good thing. It's a good thing. I think for, for for many, for many of us, for for many men. I think some of us have the discipline to, to be monogamous over time. One thing that many people say is, you know, find ways to, to spice up, you know, your sex life with your partner. But again, there's only so much you can do. Like if they, if you, if you have chicken, there are only so many different ways you can cook that chicken until you get tired of, you know, that, that, that dish, that same dish over and over and over.


So for Neo to be able to, to to speak his truths and, and tell his truth and be, be able to live, you know, free. I'm, I'm, I'm sure I'm sure it's a great thing. Yeah. I'm, I mean, to find, I mean, because I think he got like two girlfriends and they know, I mean 'cause he's with them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not what, what what, what's the word? What is that word called? For those type of relationships where you have two women at once and they understand and Well, poly know that Poly who like a polygraph.


Pollyanna polyamorous. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Polyamorous Ocho Denzel re reveals Denzel Washington reveals he's been sober for 10 years. He stopped drinking at 60 and used to have two bottles of wine a day. Oh. So basically who Denzel played in in the movie flight was really, that was really him. He got the character, he got got the character. He Played, listen, I don't know, Chad, if y'all have seen Flight, obviously Denzel is a phenomenal actor, but if it's things that you already do in, in real life, you know, it it, it allows you to get lost and become one with the role that you are playing.


And I think that, I'm not saying that's why Denzel played the role in flight so goddamn well. But the fact that he has come out and said some of the things that he said on this press store have been phenomenal. Unc there's, there's some other things that he really opened up about. He's a, he's a brilliant mind. He's a, he's a, he's a phenomenal actor, obviously a f phenomenal man. Pheno, phenomenal father. He's a friend of mine. Someone that, that I know, that I know very well. So I've had the opportunity to sit down and talk with him a few times and, and, and pick his brain and, oh man, just, just hearing some of the things I've been able to hear from him In some of these interviews and some of the things that he's done in his personal life has been good outside of, outside of the movie.


You know, gladiator two. But that, that's crazy. That's crazy. It's never too late to stop. No, never too late to stop. If you have a vice, you know, my day might come as well. My day might come as well where I have no issue or no problem with being able to stop smoking cigars. No, I, I just have no, no issue. So if there any, if there's any type of health risk at any point where I gotta stop, I can stop cold Turkey. You can. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. And the fact, the fact of the matter is it's the only vice I do have. Huh? You know, I don't, I've never had alcohol before. The on the One thing, I might not be able to stop is my morning coffee.


I, I, I, I can't see myself stopping my cafe on Leche. If I'm in Miami or when I'm outta town, like I'm in New York City right now. I can't see myself stopping getting a latte. I can't see myself stopping getting my tall caramel macchiato from Starbucks. I can't function without coffee. And normally when I have my coffee, I got a pair with my cigar. So if I'm, if I'm gonna lose one of the two, I can stop cigars at any day. Anytime.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism. In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


The all electric Chevy Equinox EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev starting at 34,995, the 2025 Equinox EV LT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev


I'm partnering with PayPal this Black Friday. Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card? Earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah. Tech. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit supply c terms at paypal.com/rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Alright, now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's called Q and a. You, you ain't, you not a you're not an LA hump? No. Okay. I I fly fly. I fly to LA in the morning. Aaron Owens said, what's your Mount Rushmore of Denzel Washington movie performances? Ooh, That's a good one. I'm st Let me, let me start. Lemme start. Lemme start. Lemme start. Go ahead. Can I start? Yeah. Mount Rushmore Denzel movie, even though he wasn't the lead character. Glory. Okay. I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you go next. You go. Next Training day.


Whoa. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me, because I, I I can't mess this up. I can't mess this up. I can't mess this Up. You just made four. You get four. This ain't rush draft. You just get 4 84 you want, Okay, hold on, hold on, hold on. Okay. I said you Gotta be able to think off your head. Ocho No, it, it's too many. It's too many. Okay. You gotta pick one. You can't just look at, see it's easy American gangster. Huh? I'm going Malcolm X God, damnit, gimme, gimme inside man. And this next one, next one be You could, could also ocho you could, if you believe training, you can do that.


It's a Mount Rushmore. It's not a rush draft. When you get four movies to pick, you just pick the four best movie All time. But I'm saying I'm, my head is, man, I got a million things going through my head right now. I just wonder. But If you believe training Day, if you believe Malcolm X is a about Rush one, you can put it on your list. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I'm just making sure. I'm just making sure. Okay. Go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead. For me, it's an old movie and I don't know how many people saw it. Philadelphia. Philadelphia. Yep. Yeah. That's what you were gonna say, huh? Yep. Phenomenal, phenomenal movie. And the funny, the fact that we have to do Arou a Mount Rushmore when he has so many great movies.


Yeah. And this is my last one. And it, it, it's, it's kind of weird for me. So I want to go ma, I wanna go Man On Fire. Yeah. Man on Fire slash Oh my god. That's difficult, man. What'd you think about John QI Love John Q, That performance in John Q, UNC Man Goy. I loved him in fences. Oh, Hold on. Unc what about the scene? What about the scene? Scene scene? What about the scene with him and Viola Davis? What Viola explained to him? You don't think I wanted to step out? Yeah. You don't think I was? Oh my God, when she started crying, What was that movie that he went and Gene Hacken was in Pelican?


No, No Courage Under Fire or something like that. That might have been, what was that movie? It was, it was the, about the submarine movie. Crimson Tide. Oh, that, that was a good one. Boy Dale played that Thag at Crimson Tide. Hold on. What about remember Inside Man? Yes. Oh yeah. Clive c Clive Owen. Yeah. And Jody Foster. Yeah. And Plumber. Yeah. But my, my my favorite of all time, even though he wasn't the lead actor. That goddamn Glory man. Yeah. I loved him in Mo Battle Blues. Oh yeah. That was a good one. That was a good one. Oh, young man. I loved him. In B Cole there was a movie where he played a ban two Stephen bco, that that was kind of the movie that kind of put him on the map.


Yeah. But yeah, Preacher's wife, him and him and Whitney. Whitney, Yeah. But Denzel Woo. Kira Norman Jr. Said, are the cab the best team in Cleveland right now? Come on, Kipper. Yes. That's a good, that's A good one. Brandon Holman said, was Eli a better quarterback than to Was receiver No. Was gonna ask a Hall of Fame question. You won the You won't answer, but see where I'm going? Yes. Yeah. But they gonna put him in. 'cause Eli's a two time won the two Champ. He won two championships who he beat and he was fighting. He was a Super Bowl. MVP.


Somebody said that woman in Move Battle blues, Cindy Williams, sin Williams Red Hood said Cardboard cowboys are trash organization, Jerry at fault. But it starts with the players. When Lamar checked Marlon, he was played amazing since Dak has been a trash leader. Who the players don't respect ocho. Yeah. Man, we've been on the Cowboys too much tonight, man. Yeah. We ain't even talking about them for a team that's not winning. We, we give a little too much credit. Ocho, Dr. Frank Bellamy said, if the Cowboys were a car, would you call it a classic that just needs a tuneup or a lemon should have traded years ago.


Damn. That's a good one, Huh? Lemon A Yeah, A lemon. A lemon, Huh? Yeah. And if you bought it, hey, guess what as is, But hold on. The, the lemon don't get that kind of attention. Yeah, they do. You buy, and you know how you buy a knife, sometimes you buy a knife because you got a knife. Like, man, ooh, this is my dream car. Right. And that both don't do nothing but give you problems. Okay. Okay. I, I, I I'm with you now. You put, you put it like that. I'm with you As a cowboy fan. Let me say you're speaking nothing but facts. I've said for years now, the team lacks discipline leadership. Only Jerry Jones sees thing through rose colored lenses. Mm. Saint The snipe said Ocho, I'm gonna tell to slap fire to your ass next time you say sorry about my knowledge of basketball.


You said it yesterday. You're doing just fine, bro. Oh, my lack of Knowledge. Isaiah Lancaster said Uncle Ocho, Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes, the new age rivalry like Peyton and Tom Brady was back in. Well, they gotta start putting your, well see, like Mahomes keep knocking. Josh Allen outta the playoffs. Yeah. Especially when they count. Peyton knocked Tom outta the ch knocked, knocked him out twice. Both in the a FC championship game. But So Josh gonna have to get it. Yeah. Yeah. They, they won. They won. And three against the chiefs in the postseason. They three and won against the chiefs in the regular Season. No, they ing over. They ain't want no postseason, they against The chiefs.


But they but they owe for, I'm sorry. They owe for Yeah, John Naper said they un not you. A huge fan. Big inspiration on today is my 40th birthday. I also have a question. How did you get the numbers? 84 and 85. Well, Sean, thank you for the support, bro. Happy 40th birthday. Hopefully you did birthday. I don't know if it was as today, so I'm assuming you're on the west, east coast because they ain't not quite over yet on the west coast. But anyway, happy 40th birthday. I took 84 because my brother had 84. I had 81 when I first got into the league. So I had 80, 81, 90 and 91. And when Rick and Natal, who had 84 when he left from free agency, I got 84.


So that's why I got 84. Well, I I, I got 85 'cause 85 'cause all that was available because I wasn't wore number. I won, I won 80 in college. So I obviously I wanted to get 81. I made it to the Bengals. But the legendary, the legendary, the greatest police, 80 Brown of all time. Peter War had number 80 at the time. So I was respectful. I definitely wasn't asking P dub for that. But 85 was available and that's how history, history was, was, was, was done. Once I got that, Robert Smith said, hall of Fame should be determined by a committee of former players who are in the Hall of Fame. I look, it is what it is.


I think they know. I mean, like I said, I thought I knew what a hall of Famer was until I saw some guys that had incredible careers, didn't make it on the first ballot. So I was done with that. Cam MC said, guys, can you wish my daughter a happy birthday? Her name is Rose. She turned nine years old today. Cam, we absolutely can Rose happy. Nice birthday, almost double digits. Happy birthday Rose. One more year to go. Rose. Happy birthday. Hopefully you did something really fun. You and your girlfriends, hope your dad took y'all to get some pizza, some ice cream. But hopefully you had a very good birthday today, rose. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you for tuning in as the Browns beat the Steelers 24 19, keep the, that was a crushing lost by the Steelers because now the Ravens are right back in this thing.


Right back now they were out of it, but the Steelers, the Browns really helped the Steelers out the magic go on the road, beat the Lakers, a step back three by Franz Wagner as he nets 37 points as they take down the Lakers. One 19 to one 18. Even though to overcome outstanding performances by Anthony Davis who had 39 and nine, LeBron had 31, 10 and seven, but that was not enough. Two Miss Free throws late in the ball game, one by Anthony Davis, one by LeBron James was the difference in this ball game as the magic go on the road without Paolo Quero and win this ball game. Thank you for joining us for this edition of Nightcap.


I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He is Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro, the legendary Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for all the support over the years. Make sure you check out Shea ba la porter. We do have it in stock. The holidays right around the corner next week. This time it'll be Thanksgiving and then you got Christmas and then you got New Year's. And let's make it a very festive holiday season with a bottle of your favorite BSOP Shea by La Portier. And please do me a favor, please drink responsibly.


Please go check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I was held what I was. Well T-shirt. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Black Nightcap hoodies stay with me now is also in hoodie form. And our bestsellers are the unc ocho tees. And we even have it in black. Quantities are limited. So please get yours while supplies last. Again, the brown stunned the Steelers. 24, the 19. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you on Saturday. Thanks for joining us. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different Vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


With shipped same day delivery. You get more than just groceries delivered by hand from your favorite stores. You get to hunker down for holiday movie night toast mimosas with friends, or check out the neighborhood light displays. So while a shopper was shipped, checks off your grocery list or makes that last minute trip to the store, you get the greatest gift of all more. You get more from the holidays. Download the Shipped app and start shopping today.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart, Trillo, efgartigimod, alpha and Hyaluronidase QVFC works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by argenx.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class bean parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.