(1s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.

(15s):
It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.

(48s):
Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJ's got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff with PayPal. I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on. You hear, don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal Dot com.

(1m 15s):
You know, some people say that, oo, business management software is like fertilizer, the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, ooo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com, o doo.com.

(1m 48s):
The Volume, Thunder, thunder sweeped, the grizzlies. SGA had 38 points and finally found his rhythm. In the first three games, he was averaging 24 points per game, but it was taking him almost 23 shots to get those. He was shooting 35% when he shot almost 52% from the Florida regular season. He had made only six of 24 threes shooting 25%. But in game four SGA was SGA 13 to 24, 11 of 13 free throws.

(2m 32s):
They end up sweeping the Memphis Grizzlies and You know, it was over. They had a 27 point lead. Ja goes up, comes down and hey, that lead dis dissipates. They end up losing that game. So, You know, the, it was just a matter of time before they ended up getting swept. So they passed the first test. You know, they've been the best team in the Western Conference for the entirety of the season. Twan. So what do you think they're gonna gonna play the winner of the Clippers Nugget series? Mm, what you like, can, can anybody pose a threat to him? Honestly, I I just think they don't have that next guy.

(3m 12s):
You know, I think Shay is, should be the MVP this year. Could've won it last year. I wouldn't, had no problem with it. I think this year he gets it. I don't see the second guy. I just haven't seen, I mean, we know Williams, you don't like week. Excuse me. I do, I do like, I do like him, but I need to see him put to the test. I need to see him put to the test where he had to get 30, 35 on a given night. Right? So and so I see that, I, I just don't, I don't trust them against a veteran team. I just Think you get one of those, the Clippers or Denver, whichever team you face, those guys have been there before. They're gonna know how to guard you. The respect level's a little different. They got the, they got the toughness to go in your building to get a win, right?

(3m 55s):
That's where they're gonna be a little different at. It's actually not, it's actually kind of bad for 'em to see either one of those teams. 'cause those teams are older teams and the veteran teams that, that can give them trouble because they, because they know how to play in the playoffs. So neither one of those teams are gonna be great matchups for 'em. But they are a great home team. And by winning the, by having the best record, I always say this, it means something when you take care of business in the season, because you get those most important games on the floor, on your floor, you get that five and seven, you get five and seven on your home floor. That's why you take care of business during the season. I'll never forget that. You always wanna have that home court advantage. So that's what they can be, that's where they can have the advantage of.

(4m 35s):
'cause they play so great in that building, right? But it's gonna be tough for 'em. This, the next round's gonna be tough for 'em. Look for them to be long series and can anybody else step up and help Shay out? We know Shay's gonna have some moments where he gets 35, 40, hell, maybe even 45. Who's gonna be that next guy that steps up? And that's what we, that's gonna be remain to be seen. Hey Wan. So well ba basically probably OKC is similar, similar to, in the same situation based on who they play. Whether it be the Nuggets, whether it be the Clippers, they're, they're gonna be in a similar situation like the Rockets right now with the Warriors. Yeah. It's just not saying that they're young, that, I mean the OKC guys have been together while, I just think, and you guys know this, I just, and and Shay goes back to what you did to start show off.

(5m 22s):
When you start naming stars, you don't even name Shay. You didn't name nobody else off OKC. That's a team that won 60 games this year. Think about it. You didn't name, you didn't name two, three guys off O off OKCI just don't think, right? There's nothing wrong with that. They have great complimentary guys. They got great role players. I just don't see that next superstar. A guy that can help you win a game. Who's gonna go win a game besides Shay? I wanna see that. Let's see the next guy. Step up and get 30, 35. Let's see, Shay have 10 points, a bad night, foul trouble. He gonna get it done. Who's gonna be the next guy that steps up for them? So that remains to be seen. That's, that's, that's where the test is gonna come in at.

(6m 2s):
Yeah. I, Hey look, I didn't think Memphis was gonna do much and when Scotty Pippen Jr. Was your best player on the Memphis Grizzlies and he's, I I, I'm happy for him 'cause he seemingly found a home in Memphis. A home in Memphis and they're giving him opportunity to showcase his ability. Right. But I didn't really, I didn't really expect much from, from Memphis in this series. Even with Ja, maybe they coulda got a game. Maybe a game. No, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe a game. I think that that game, they had a 27 point lead. I think if Ja stays in, they probably win that one. Yeah, they might won. Maybe they get a game. Maybe, maybe, maybe all things we need equal to get to. But I mean, you look at, you look at them.

(6m 42s):
Holmgren had 11. Jaylen Williams had 23. Hartenstein had 11 and 12. Shaa was Shaa. But what they kill you is that, You know, they're a great defensive team. 'cause they got Caruso, they got Isaiah Joe, they got Wallace, they got Lou Dot, they got Chet. That can protect the rim. If somebody gets beat off the dribble, they got big, they got two bigs. They, and they don't have a problem playing two big. But then when they go small, they got guys that are, that are scrapping. They can defend. Everybody can defend at a, an extremely high level. But I agree with you. I agree with you. But the question is, man, you got to, you got to be able to have Shaa under control because if you don't, he'll end up shooting 15, 20 free throws on you.

(7m 25s):
Oh, you do have to go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead to No, I'm saying you, you have to beat. I do agree with you. You have to beat him. They not gon, they're not gonna beat their self. I think with the young group, they got fresh legs, they play lively, they play great at home. So they, they're gonna, and they got a guy, I mean Shaa is the guy, he's the guy that can get you 35 4. That's what you want in the playoffs. They got all the ingredients to make a deep run. I just worry when you get into a series with better teams that's made double team Shaa and may force some other guys to beat you. Are those other guys ready to deliver at the level that you need to think about some of these teams? I mean think about the Lakers. You know, they got two guys that can get it done. You know, when we talk about kc, we just don't.

(8m 7s):
Williams is great, don't get me wrong. It's gonna be a, he's a great young player, made the All Star team this year he's shown that he can be a 20, 25 point scorer. Hell he is, had some 30 point performances. But if you gotta get out another guy that can go to, I don't think as you get along, you start playing the better teams. They're not gonna let Shea beat them. I just don't think that, I think they're gonna double team. They're gonna make these other guys have to beat them. If I was playing against 'em, that's what I would do. But the okays a did the right thing. Everything gotta come through there. They have four games on next floor. And I think that's what they did a good job of. They played well there. And you guys know this and you guys been watching those basketball, the road guys play better at home.

(8m 47s):
So now you got those young guys or young guys on the bench playing at home. They play a lot better. That's what an advantage is for OKC. Yeah. 'cause they had five guys, even though he went on the road, that was a close game. They have five guys in double figures. Holmgren had 11. Jalen Williams had 23, Hartenstein had 11, Shaa had 38. And Isaiah, Joe, hey had 11 and Wiggins had nine. But that's, You know, Chad, you get them other numbers kind of low though. Chad. You see you got need somebody else. You see them other numbers. Little low now somebody else get playing by the team. Hold you playing, playing Memphis. Right. Play one of them big dogs. It's gonna be a, it's gonna be a little different.

(9m 28s):
But You know what I like, but I like when Dr. Cut you off on your, what I like is that Wiggin that, excuse me, that Williams and Shay take most of the shots because you look at it, they took a combined 45 shots and you had hung with the, the next most shot at nine. You had a guy took seven, one guy took 4, 1, 1, 5, 7, 7, 8. So your big dog eating. Yeah you got, because You know, sometimes you get to the playoffs, guys try to make a name for themselves and that. So all of a sudden you supposed to be shooting seven, eight times and all of a sudden you shoot 1450 times. No. Whoa, whoa. What you doing coach? Did you see that? Hey you Andrew Wiggins saying that Andrew Andrew Wiggins is down.

(10m 11s):
Is is is in Miami with you? Miami you just said that's a, that's another animal. The different we Yes they got Oh what they got another wigs on their team? Yeah, young. They got a young wig on their team. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Take score. Not bad. The super ball. Oh yeah. I like Wallace. I like Isaiah, Joe. But they all can defend. Look at Caruso can defend Lou Dork can defend Isaiah. Joe can defend Caron. Wallace can defend, Hey Chad Holmgren defend. So no matter even sha was like top three and stills. So no matter who you have on the court, you still have at least three guys that can defend on the ball at all times.

(10m 53s):
And then if shaves in there, you got somebody that can protect the, can, protect the paint, protect the rim hard Stein. I mean look, he, he can't protect the, but he, You know, he's a big body. He'll block a shot too. A a a shot here or there. I I, I like the way they make up, but like you said, we'll see next round. Ja didn't want to be seen on camera, on the bench. He saw the broadcast camera on him and put his hand over his face. Juan, you good with this? Nah man, I feel bad for my guy Shane. I remember, I remember you had me on when you was back on with Fox and we was talking about him and we had the long discussion with him. Man, I just wish he did. I mean he's such a terrific talent man. I just wish he'd lock in on playing basketball, You know what I'm saying? And take what comes with it. That's, that's the good, that's the good coverage you want.

(11m 34s):
You wanna see the, you want your fans to see you care about your team and that you upset that you're not playing. That's when you want the camera on. So yes, I just hope he gets it together. I got a lot of respect for him. I want him to be, You know, he, I think he could be one of the greatest players in play the game at the point guard position when he's right. Healthy. And he gives you that stretch of 20, 25 games where he's just playing basketball and not shooting a gun and not doing all those crazy things. He's one of the best players in the league, but You know, we, we just don't know if he ever gonna figure it out. So I get disappointed in him a little bit on that because it's, it, it's, I hope this talent doesn't go to waste. 'cause You know, Adam Silver after while it's, it's gonna be, You know, he gonna have to go see the big dog again and he ain't gonna like what he gonna do to you.

(12m 16s):
Do you think he needs to be out of Memphis in order for him to really blossom and fully develop Yep. Right on down here Miami. Yep. Most definitely. I I'll take care of him. Chad, he can't come to Miami. Pat Riley. I, I got him. I got it. I pass Eric. Some ain't playing that man. That that's what I, that's what I mean some sometime that's what you need. Sometime you need to go somewhere like this when you have two old school type coaches. That's that approach. The game of basketball different. They got structure, they got discipline. You right here, right now. And you try to go all the way over here. You see all that space in between. That's, you gotta stop off in the middle, middle Ocho. It's gonna be tough, man. That's gonna be tough. Yeah. Do I do I think he needs another, another place Change of scenery.

(12m 58s):
I I I don't think he needs a change of scenery. I think they have to really strategically make sure that they keep the right guys around him. And You know how sometimes you bring a, you, you bring a veteran on the team that may not gonna get a lot of minutes that can help you control that locker room. You know how it is to help control Yeah. Some of the out the court activities. I think that's what they need to do. You know, sometimes it's good to pick up a guy like that. Maybe a guy that's not gonna do much. You know what I mean? Think about that boss' self as team. They put Al Horford a nice veteran on the team with them who's been that team for the last three, four years. Been great for them. Yep. A good locker room guy. You know what I mean? That's what you need. You need some locker room guys sometime. I think that I like him in Memphis because they, they've been successful.

(13m 39s):
They've had someone that, he's not like they a bad team. They got some pieces there. He doesn't have to be moved, but he's gonna have to clean up some things. Right. And that, and I think and he can use another superstar. I would, I would like to see, I don't know if they'll be able to a free agency. Well Triple J was supposed to be a super superstar. I don't know. I just, I'm just telling you they paid him like one. Yeah, I don't know if he, he, he kind of, he kind of took a couple steps back this year, especially this series. Yeah. They, they was banged up this year a lot off and on. So I'm not gonna put too much on this season and the coaching change and all that stuff they went through, You know, You know that that fire and the coach was kind of weird to me.

(14m 22s):
I I know y'all covered that a long time ago. But yeah, I think that played a part too. You know, a couple of years ago the job around said I'm fine in the west. I I might have you worry about Boston but I'm fine in the West Zero playoff series wins one head coach fine and two suspensions. Is he fine in the west one? Nah, he not fine in the west. I would, I mean for us, us that love sports and we love, love to see guys make it and, and do great WI would love to see 'em on the Miami Heat, west west structure where it's discipline where basketball has to come first. I would love to see 'em in that type of situation where they can get some of that junk out of him.

(15m 3s):
But we don't know. I mean Memphis has to make a major decision on whether or not they wanna continue to build around him and kind of go through his antics or you make a move for him while he still has a little value. 'cause I think he still has some value right now Larry. I do. Yeah, for sure. So I Think you can get something for him and maybe, maybe it might be a mu no Kelly, you guys a mutual agreement. Hey, I tried it here. I I need a new surrounding. I wanna, You know, try something different. Maybe you can make a move in that sense because they're two totally different teams with or without it. It it is they so they're gonna have to figure it out. Two totally different teams. I like it. I like it on, I like it. Hey Mickey Harrison, I know you gonna see this Pat.

(15m 43s):
I know you gonna see this Spra. I'll let your boy my number is still the same. We can go get ja sometime, sometime this summer. I listen, I put, I put the pieces in place. I make, I I make sure he's good away from the court. You know, I got the right kind of people, You know, we, we don't play no games. We don't do none of that. Okay. Ain't gonna be no driving. Ain't gonna be no shooting. Ain't gonna be throwing on no grave. No, no grenades. Uhuh. We won't Do that. You, you gonna get him Uber? Feel me? You gonna get him an Uber or get him A driver? No, no, no. I, I got, I got a driver for him. I got driver. Well get him everywhere he needs to go. We won't. We we'll wan I've been in Miami all my life. I don't even club. I ain't been to Club live yet. I just went to Booby Trap for the first time two weeks ago. Boy. I'm 57 years old so I know if I can get y'all down here to Miami, I can, I can keep him mal aligned.

(16m 29s):
We got the same goal. I wanna see you succeed. Yeah. You he to hang out with you. He can't hang out with me. I thought I was Mr. South Beach. So you right. Hang out with you. That's brother. I thought I was Mr. South Beach. You know Cavs beat the Heat. Hey, no we don't. We don't need to talk about this like ne next segment. Next segment. We don't need to Talk about this. No team has ever recovered from a 3.0 deficit in the NBA playoff. The heat has shown no indication that they'll be the first calves up 3.0 points in the paint today. The Cavs had 60, the heat had 30. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on Wan that he just don't have enough. Unfortunately, You know, Eric Express was a great coach.

(17m 9s):
You know, he fought this hard to get into the playoffs situation. They beat up the team like the Bulls who was kind of probably equal to them and beat them to get into this, this playoffs game. This playoffs series. They just don't have enough. I mean I love ba I think he's a great piece of the puzzle. I think they got him as being a, a major centerpiece. I don't think he's that guy. I think he's more of a ab he's more of a C guy to me 'cause he doesn't dominate the game enough for me. You know, 18 and 10. That's cool. You know, a guy like BA and the money he's getting making, he's supposed to be getting 25 and 13, You know, he don't get that to you every night. You know, getting 16 and 10 that that's, that's, that's not gonna get it done to be a a a list or b list player in this league.

(17m 50s):
Tyler Hero is terrific, obviously six man of a year, a great scorer. But he is a six man. He can't start for you and give you some buses, but he's a six man. That's what he is been, that's been his best at in that role. I just don't think they have enough. They're gonna, they're gonna have to try to figure it out. I know they traded for Andrew Wiggins. He could be a good piece of the puzzle. They gonna have to get lucky in the draft. Man. I'm obviously, I won my championship with the heat. I always root for them. I love Eric Broome and those guys down there. They gonna have to figure it out to try to get a big superstar to put with this young core or they gonna always be in the mix. 'cause they gonna, they gonna be a 500 team, two, three games under. But to make some, any real noise, they're gonna have to add some pieces. They kind of, they kind of stuck in that spot.

(18m 31s):
And it's probably not, You know, what you, You know, sometimes you need to lose so you can get a higher pick. They kinda stuck because they put theyself in that 12 pick that 12. They played just well enough to stay outta the damn on lottery. They play just well enough to stay outta the lottery and that puts them in bat the bad position. We see them compete. We see them win big games from time to time. But when you get in the playoffs series and you need it, they, they don't have it. That's me right now. They don't have the depth. I don't think they have a superstar right now. Like I said, I think Bam is a good player. I think he's a good piece of the puzzle. I think Tyler Hero is great in his role when he can be the sixth man. I think he can always be an instant scorer in his league. I just think they don't have enough to compete at the level that they would like to that we know how Mickey, eon, pat Riley, Eric bro and them guys want to, I mean, Jimmy Butler was the, except to the rule he got tho that he got this group of, most of these guys played with him, got them to the finals.

(19m 25s):
But they need another piece. That's a, that's a, that's a actually the evidence that I need to show you. If you can get another piece with that type of culture, you can make, you can make some moves. But right now they kinda, they go, they stuck his sand right now. They got to figure it out.

(19m 40s):
Oh. Tasty High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I am practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower PayPal could pay for your purchase, the great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary end July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart

(20m 9s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy This is today with And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate It because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah three and Craig Melvin, weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.

(20m 38s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.

(21m 7s):
What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss. 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available BOS personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 with available HD enhanced intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.

(22m 17s):
The moment we've all waited for Shura Sanders is drafted. Mm, 1 44 in the fifth round, the Browns traded up to select him. All these anonymous reports are coming out about Shado having bad interviews, especially with the Giants. According to Todd McShea, Shado completely bombed his interview with the Giants. He didn't have a great interview with head coach Brian Day ball. The preparation wasn't there for in, for an install package. Day ball called him out and Sanders didn't like it. Day ball has gone eight and 26 over the past two, two seasons. So he probably knows a thing or two about being unprepared to be honest with you. I mean, you go eight and 26, you go eight and 26 being unprepared.

(22m 60s):
You're no unprepared person. Yeah. When you see one considering over the last two years, that's kind of exactly what you've been. And then there's been reports of him having a big entourage because his brother shoots videos of him being in family. He's with his brother and his family. No drinking, no drugs, no controversy, just living his life. Ocho this is, I'm gonna start with you first. Yeah. Hear that he didn't do well in the interview. Yeah. He didn't hit it off with coach day ball and seemed like he was unprepared. Didn't like the entourage. Okay, go ahead. Right. I I I don't believe it. Huh? I don't believe it because every single NFL player, every single, when I say every single, I mean every single has an entourage.

(23m 46s):
Most of the entourages is family and friends. If it's not family and friends, it's friends that you grew up with, right? Everybody has that. So I'm not sure why that even came into play. And we talk about everybody regardless of race, regardless of of ethnicity, it doesn't matter. So that's one thing. Interview, interview goes bad unprepared. Now I think I'm thinking about a son of one of the greatest players of all time, who's always been prepared and coached in having tutelage from one of the best of all time. And for some reason all of a sudden he wasn't prepared for an interview when it comes to the game of football in which he's the quarterback again. That's something else that's not believable. Now, You know, media, media, media can, can, can, can screw things and report things that obviously aren't true.

(24m 32s):
Bingo, forget that. So he drops to the Cleveland Browns round five. What picked 1 44? What was it? 1 45, 1 44. I'm, I'm, I'm not even tripping at this point. I'm not even tripping at this point because Prime obviously has prepared, should do it for any and everything dealing with media, dealing with, with, with, with those that doubt you. So I'm just happy he has this opportunity because what's happening in this scenario, in this situation in which I still believe Isus, and I'm not talking about race. I'm not talking about race at all. I'm just speak, I I'm just saying a collective collusion against Brother Sanders and all the things and then just the hype and listen the machine again.

(25m 13s):
I I said it last night. I said it last night. We have choices. People choose what they want. See I said it yesterday, I'm not talking about race at all. One thing for sure. The machine is undefeated and will always remain undefeated anytime it feels not really threatened, but there's another name or family that thinks they can come in and do things their way. They, they'll humble you. And this was, this was the ex example of it. An example of it that we've never, ever, ever seen before to this magnitude on. We've never seen anything like this. No, I'm happy for sdo, I'm happy for Shiloh and for Sdo Sanders getting the opportunity to play for the Cleveland Browns.

(25m 55s):
His situation is simple as put. It's delayed, but it's not denied. It's not about where you go. It's what you do once you get there. So now You know what you need to do. The Browns haven't had a quarterback. They haven't had a quarterback, a sufficient quarterback, a consistent quarterback for a very Bernie Var Yeah. Rib since Bernie for a very long time. This might be their calling. This might be their blessing. This might be his blessing even going there. So I'm, I'm happy for him. He's gonna do what's necessary. I'm sure he had the chip on his shoulder and, and I'm excited because in that, in that a FC North, You know it run through Cincinnati and the only way you gonna get it done is if you got a quarterback.

(26m 36s):
I just had, I just, I I just, I just had to add a little piece in there. I I saw that. I saw you throw that in there. What you play, Honestly, man, guys, to be honest with you, I mean I, I feel for him obviously, You know, you work so hard and it's tough when you project to go first round. I had a situation once, it's not, obviously not the same because basketball is totally different as far as what the number of people that get picked. But I was the, with my best friend Naje Mohammed was supposed to be picked lottery when he came out and na slid to 29 and just sitting there and that obviously it was nothing like where you had to actually wait a whole nother day to get drafted just to see if slide huh? You wait two days.

(27m 16s):
He got drafted today, they had to wait. So it's, it's, it's different. But I think like this, to be honest with you, I seen, I Think you have to play the game Shannon, to be honest with you, I think if he would've, I'll play, I'm just gonna play the game till I get drafted. Yeah. Whatever that would've been. Whatever. And I think sometimes that's what not, and I'm not sure this, you guys could correct me if I'm wrong 'cause it seem like I never seen the agent and obviously I'm watching from afar, I'm watching off TV on social media. Right. Did he, do we have an agent? I don't know. I be, Shiloh made a joke talking about our dad was our agent and we might need to hire a new agent. Okay. I, right. I don't know because I think, I think You know how this is sometimes you have an agent, he can tell you the truth behind closed doors on what they actually saying and what you need to work on.

(28m 2s):
So by Dion being the dad, he probably not really hearing everything. They probably can't tell him no. So he's not hearing everything that they're saying. So I think that was probably one mistake and I don't know if he had an agent or not. So if, if the agent to kind buffer that to talk to him and kind of figure it out. But you gotta figure this thing out, man. I think one, one thing about it, it was about interview. I don't think a skillset, I mean he put the numbers up, the numbers speak for they self. He had the numbers. Yeah. So we gotta look at some of the other stuff. I mean I worked out for nine teams when I came out. I interviewed with nine teams. So you gotta go through that process. I'm not sure how he interviewed. Maybe that was a little sketchy. That can rub some GMs and execs the wrong way.

(28m 43s):
You know, sometimes if you don't interview well maybe the swagger what he's coming with great family, family dynamics, his family's gonna support him. Right. Obviously he has a certain swag, a certain order he carries with him, which we all love. And we all, we just talked about that we, we liked that we talk, we all, all three of us talk trash. We all celebrate it. Yeah. We all had fun. So we know that. So that's not the problem. We brought our own style. So that wasn't the problem with him. I just felt like they didn't play the game that everybody else played and they wanted to show them that, look it's still the NFL, we still run this, you still gotta go through this proper pecking order.

(29m 25s):
And I think that's what it was. That's what it looks like. You, you can't look at his, if you look at his numbers, the skill of them, the guys that got picked perform all this stuff. It doesn't make sense. So it's gotta be something behind the scenes. Yeah. It can't be football ability. It has to be something behind the scenes. That's why I said that he had an agent, maybe somebody that could hear the noise because he probably didn't hear the real noise. You know what I mean? We, we on TV watching all the analysts and everybody, but You know, y'all privy to so much information y'all only privy to so much we not hearing that real noise. You know what I mean? So that's what, and sometimes your agent gets that for you to kinda help you out and maybe help you get your act together. That's why I really wanted to know if he had agent.

(30m 5s):
But then, You know, the funny thing about it wan even, even at that point, you are who you are. Shado is who he is. The Sanders family. They are who they are. That, that, that's it. And they've always been unapologetically themselves and that rubs a lot of people. Wrong. A lot of people don't like that. Including some of those in the NFL. Some of the things that Dionne said in the past, they probably didn't like, they probably didn't like it. You know, he wanted to pull an or a Archie Eli Arch Manning, he wanted to pull, You know what, what Eli, that probably they probably didn't like it. They quote and tweets that he said long time ago. And I know, let me tell you why. I know this is all collusion, You know, and I, I think about some like, like going, You know what, I'm not even gonna bring that up.

(30m 49s):
I'm not gonna bring it up. I'm happy he got where he needed to go. This is exactly where we're supposed to land because I guarantee you watch it be a blessing in disguise and them never having a quarterback. And all of a sudden for some reason Shado be in the answer for the next decade. Hope you Right. I ask you guys something that's, that's a ba as as a, as a I'm a basketball guy. I'm gonna ask you something Chad, you you could ask this 'cause you talked right now, can you ask this is the Cleveland the right fit for him? Because sometimes that's, that's disregard what number he went. Did he go to a good situation where he can actually be able to showcase himself and have a real opportunity to be a starting quarterback in the NFL?

(31m 29s):
Do you guys like that situation? If the GM and the owners are competent when his time comes to be able to compete for a starting job, if they continue to build around him, yes, it's the right place. If they continue to do right by the quarterback position, like other teams are doing, like they do for the Mahomes and they do for the Jalen hurts and they do for, You know, the other quarterbacks, the, the Jayden Daniels. As you continue to, to put the pieces to the puzzle around him, while you have a quarterback on a very, very cheap, I hate using that word, cheap, but You know, a very affordable contract we can build around.

(32m 9s):
Right? Yeah. I think he, he's he's in the right place. But if they do what they've always done for a very long time where, where they've been through 276,000 quarterbacks, then it would be the same, the same process will repeat itself. They had Baker Bayfield, he had the number one pick. There was nothing wrong with Baker Mayfield because look what he's doing in Tampa Bay. So that, that tells you where the problem lies. That the problem lies with Cleveland internally. Now you got opportunity again. Let's not f it up. Yeah, I do. I love, I love when quarterbacks, young quarterbacks come in and have an unbelievable support system. Hopefully you have somebody that can, that's really smart. Schematically knows how to diagram plays OCHO knows how to put quarterbacks in the right situation.

(32m 53s):
Yes sir. You have a decent running back. I I'm not saying you need Saquon. I mean, although that would be nice to have a se Juan Barkley and a a Derrick Henry on a rookie quarterback. But you need quality receivers. You see CJ ra where he went and had success, look at the receiving court that he had. You look at Jay Daniels, look at the receiving court that he had. The question is, are there enough pieces around any quarterback for, regardless if it's a rookie or not, is there enough pieces around him so he can adequately do what he needs to get done? I think Stefanski is, is an unbelievable coach. He's a coach of the year. He knows how to call plays, he knows how to scheme plays. And so now it's, it just comes down to okay, when you get your opportunity, you gotta shine. You gotta prepare like there's no tomorrow because that's already out there.

(33m 36s):
Ocho you see what they said? He was unprepared. You see what they did Ocho See we already put that out there on you now. Hey, That's the game, huh? They gonna play the game. They're going to play the game. There's only one way you could beat the game, huh? That's in between the lines. Yeah. No matter what to say, it blocks out all the noise. You can only beat the game in between the lines. That's it. No matter what they say. But I I, but I will say this Ocho I don't know if they're gonna allow Bucky to go in and film everything that sh that that Shado is doing. No, that's over. No, no, That's over. Now when you, when you in Colorado and your dad's the head coach, they're gonna allow that. That's over with now. Yeah. I mean they understand that. But I thought he the, I thought, I thought he was the video guy. I thought he is the video guy.

(34m 16s):
Fuck up. No, you can, you ain't gonna no no personal video Guy. You Yeah, you can, you can't, yeah, you can't do that. Nah. Once you, once you enter that building, once you on grounds in that facility, all that, all that's done. Yeah. Oh, Okay. That's so yeah. And so that's, that's have an entourage. Yeah. I I I don't, and like I said, I don't know, I don't know if he went to the building and they tried to go in the meeting rooms and, and Bucky was trying to capture content. He doesn't have an agent because time agent was Eugene Parker rest his soul. Eugene passed away several years ago. And so I'm sure Time will probably interview somebody now. And I, and I agree, I agree with you.

(34m 56s):
Awan probably, and that's the thing because you have an agent and they hear things and they can tell you things. Now they're gonna all the really, really bad stuff. They ain't gonna share that with you because they don't wanna mess with you mentally. Yes. Yeah. But That they'll share enough of stuff with you so you get the picture and get a great understanding of what's actually going on. So, Hey, if I'm not mistaken, I, I, so, You know, obviously my agent was obviously when I first got in League of Jerome Stanley, phenomenal dude. Did, did, did really well for me. You know, on the back end of my career, in the middle, on the back end, it was Drew Rose House. And if I'm not, I'm not not mistaken, I saw Drew Rosenhaus post for Shiloh Sanders once he got drafted. So I'm assuming Drew Rosenhaus must be represent representing Shiloh.

(35m 38s):
Yeah, I'm not sure if he represent Shado though. Right. I get it. Because okay, the Brian's court, the current quarterback room, Deshaun, Watson, Joe Flacco, Kenny Pickett, Dylan, Gabriel, Shado, Sanders, Deshaun, Watson Starter F Flaco is the vet. If Deshaun can't go, you got Kenny Pickett the backup, Dylan, Gabriel, rookie, Shado, rookie fifth, what's going on? I mean, damn, what's really going on? What's really going on, Ocho Hey, he, he, I like to compete. I ain't got no problem with it. I like to compete. Who I need to beat out. I love Kenny Pickett, I love Dylan Gabriel. I, I don't know how you beat Deshaun out when he got another 48, got $38 million this year and another 40 million next year.

(36m 19s):
How you beat him out? De hey, he not, Deshaun not playing this year. Huh? Okay. He not gonna play this year. Okay, so kick. Yeah, you got Yeah, Achilles, Achilles, Achilles, Achilles. Yeah. So listen, I'm Imma i'ma tell you how it's gonna play out, out. I love Kenny Pickett. I'm, I love Kenny Pickett. I love that, that You know Brother Gabriel, but Shado, if he does what he's supposed to do, You know, we've seen Kenny Pickett already. We haven't seen Dylan Gabriel yet, but I'm just saying I know probably Flaco gonna start. He ain't gonna start at some point. Stuart gonna get a shot at some point he gonna get that shot.

(36m 59s):
And when the door opens, Lemme both of you guys, lemme ask both of you guys gotta gotta behind. Why would Cleveland do, why would Cleveland do that? Why would Cleveland want a quarterback room with five guys? Does that bring up a, does that, does that mean anything when They three? Yeah. Okay. They gonna keep three. Oh, okay. Because Desha, Deshaun Dessan is not playing this year. I, I don't, not Playing, he's not playing until like January or February or something like that. You're right. I forgot late. Well he play, you might as well just go ahead and, You know, put him on IR and go ahead and let that go. What? I don't get Cleveland at some point in time y'all gotta stop trading back. Y'all coulda had Julio Jones, you traded back. You coulda had, you coulda had Travis Hunter and Ur Chad.

(37m 41s):
Yeah. And You traded back at some point in time when guys are sitting there waiting for you to take them, take them, right? Yeah. Take them. It's okay. Pull the Trigger. But I guess they're looking at it like we're more than one player away. But sometimes that player can help change things around. I I, I don't, I don't get it. I don't get what they're doing with this situation. Like you said, Twan, he had an unbelievable college career. He played well at Jackson State and then they say, well yes, Jackson State, that's why you're doing that. He goes to Colorado, he puts up exceptional numbers, You know, great completion percentage, he throws guys open. No, he's not the most athletic guy, but it is, he's not a dec athlete.

(38m 24s):
He don't need to high jump long jump pole vault shot put hurdle a hundred, 400, 1500. He don't need to do all that. All he needed to do, can he take three? Can he drop back five? Can he zone read? Can, can he do the stuff? Can he process information in a hurry? Yeah. That's what a quarterback needs. He needs to be confident, he needs to be able to process information in a hurry and he needs to be able to retain information. I mean, he showed you that. He's shown you he can do that ever since he, I mean from, from middle school to high school to college. So let's see if that, if that's transferable. I like to think, I like to think that it is, but you don't know. Yeah. Twan, You know this same thing with all sports. You don't know what you have in the guy until you get him in your building and put him in your uniform.

(39m 7s):
That's when you 100% know for certain what the hell I got. Yep. Because all this other stuff where he won this award and he did all this and he did all of that and I've seen it having played in the NFL guys come in and have all these credentials and I like, I don't know how they, Hey, somebody gave you a fake passport because I don't know how you get all that. I don't know how you get all that. Let me ask you guys a football it, is it about the number or is it more about the fit? Fit? It's always gonna be fit. It's always gonna be fit. Yeah. Fit. So always. Do you guys think this, so if you had the Greg this fit, what would you guys go right now? I know you gotta go compete, but I like better.

(39m 51s):
Me personally, I would've liked New Orleans a little better. I would've liked New Orleans better too. But the thing is now, because Twan, I was telling OCHO la last night is that I went to a team, I was a big wide receiver. I went to one of the three teams that had the h back position. Washington had the H back position. The Broncos had the H back position and the Chargers. San Diego. They were in San Diego then had the h back position. Every tight end on the roster got hurt. I'm the biggest receiver coach. Reeds come, Hey, would you be willing to move the H back? I'm gonna catch the ball. Yeah. If you throw me if you, you learned the plays. Okay. So now here I am a big wide receiver.

(40m 32s):
Imagine I don't go to a team that has the h back position. So I switched midway through like a third of the way. I have like, probably like week eight, week nine, week 10, they moved me to like tight end to, and the rest is that they say history. Yeah. So it's absolutely where you go. Not a lot. I I get it because a lot of times wan You know, this first four or five picks, they get a boat load of money. Now you wanna make a boat load of money for a short period of time for an extended period of time. Because I had a 14 year career. There are a lot of guys that went in the first round Ocho they made money for a three, four year period. Yeah. I made money for a 14 year period. Yes sir. Sir, it's not how much money you make, it's how long you make money and then what you gonna do.

(41m 15s):
It's not how much money you make, it's how much you keep. So it's absolutely wan Yeah. Where you go. Yeah. That fit and what they do for you while you there. And it's better for him too though. We got and, and just made a little money in the I space too. So he's okay. He made a little money in space know, had he known what he known he'd have stayed in college and made some more NIL money. He like, hell, if y'all gonna take me to field round, he made more NIL than what his rookie contract gonna be on Cho. Yeah. Yeah. Oh wow. Definitely. That's right. Exactly. Wow. But listen, listen, I I I think, I think the situation in general is good for him. It it, it puts a chip on the shoulder. Yeah. Oh, this is, this is how you feel about me. Okay, bet.

(41m 56s):
Hold my beer. I got this. Watch me, I've, I listen, I've faced adversity before. I've had the hurdle obstacles before. This is just another one that's in the way I'm going to show you. I'm going to prove to you that I'm worthy of doing all the things you said. I can't. Oh, you feel I'm a fifth round pit? I'm mean, I'm a I'm a fifth rounder. Okay. Ben. I'm not, I'm not tripping. I'm not, I'm not tripping at all. Again, URS a chat. I know y'all can hear me. Shara's situation is simple as this. It was delayed. It wasn't, wasn't denied. That's all. Yeah. Delay but not deny. Now when you get there, hey, do what you're supposed to do and everything else will take care of itself.

(42m 35s):
Well nobody care where you got drafted at and he had to wait. It was so disappointed and they prank calling him and doing all this other stuff. When you go do what you need to do, everything is fine. Everything, everything will work itself out. Speaking of Trav, the Jaguars are a hundred percent committed to Travis hard of letting him play wide receiver and corner. They told him you got a bold vision and we got a bold vision for you. Yeah. Ocho Yeah. What you thinking? I like What you mean what I'm thinking. I'm thinking do ball man. I like it. I like it. They, and listen, he said, he said it not only during the interview process, allowing him to do what he has dreamed of and been working on the entirety of his career so far.

(43m 17s):
I mean far as col, collegiate wise, he said he has a belief and beliefs. He believes that's the one thing that you need. And anything that you do, yes. Regardless of whether it's the corporate world or whether it's sports, I, if I believe I can do it, I can achieve it. You and I, we have different beliefs on whether they can do it at this level, but we're gonna find out now we're gonna find out if you can play both sides of the ball. I like the fact that the owners, the GMs and everyone else inside that, that that locker room are going to allow him to do exactly what he did in college. To what extent, I'm not sure. Right. To what extent. I'm not sure. I think they gave a brief, a brief press conference on, on ways they can figure out on how to do it. I'm just excited. Yeah, man. I'm happy. I'm happy for Trav. I'm happy for the Jaguars, I'm happy for the, the fans in that city, especially the city itself, man, they, they got a good one then he gonna put some butts in the seats and he gonna make it exciting for the next, next decade.

(44m 9s):
I got a question for you guys. Just, You know, as football guys, just honestly, which, if you, you guys know how talented he is and how good he is, which one he is best at, which one do you think he could be the, which one do you think he could be great at? I know you don't want, it's hard to pick one side, but I'm pretty sure he is better than one side than the other. I, I like him at db. I I do too. Yeah. I like, I like him Dd I think he have incredible instincts. I think his instincts are crazy. Yeah. The way he can see and his recognition to see this and diagnose it. And that's what the really great corners can do Twan, is that they can see a formation, they'll seal a split and they'll know automatically what's coming.

(44m 52s):
So I look at, I look at this split, I look at these two receivers over here. I might take a glance over there. I go, okay, I got up for y'all. Run it. If you wanna run, if you want, try to run me off deep and try to run this sound right here behind it and watch what I do to it. I, I think he, yeah, I think he has, I think he has unbelievable instincts, unbelievable recognition and you build a package around him and Ocho remember we talked about Brian Thomas Jr. Yeah. He's there. He's not better than Brian Thomas Jr. He No, no, No, no, no. Brian Thomas Jr. Is he, he, he, that guy. Listen, Brian TA Antoine, Brian Thomas Jr.

(45m 33s):
Is one of those receivers that will probably be a top five receiver maybe, maybe after this year. He's that good. Yeah. How outta LSU when you already know what LSU produced? Yeah. He one, he one of them ones third down Packages. Right. But but see that's, but see people when when OCHO and I, we try to explain to people, yeah. Build a package, You know, you have a, a third down package or you have a specialty package or a group of plays that you feel comfortable with him. Maybe it's in the red zone, maybe it's in certain areas of the field, certain situations. But people are like, nah, just let him play as much as he wanna play. No, no, no. Okay. You can't, you can't, you can't run him into the ground. You want, you want him to play and make sure he is efficient on both sides of the ball.

(46m 17s):
Yes. You want him to be efficient ball. Can he handle that? Can he handle that physicality? Is his body makeup ready For that physicality? It's the mental approach. Yes. Because you got to study. I mean, you, like I said, okay, we saying one thing Ocho about rod recognition and the db but you have to understand, also you have to understand coverages from a, a, a, a wide receiver perspective. Right? Yeah. You have to understand. So let's just say for the sake of argument, you play in Miami, okay? You guard Tyreek for, for a 12, 8, 10, 12 plays. Exactly. And now you gotta go up against Jalen Ramsey. Okay. You know what I'm saying, You know, you, you, you guard Za flowers and you guard Bahar Bateman, and then you gotta go up against Marlon Humphrey and Wiggins.

(47m 2s):
So, You know, you got to be, because you look, there are very few teams in college that had an elite corner and a elite DB Uhuh. You gonna get it every week now You get it every week. Every week. Even If the guys aren't Pat certain. Right. They really good. So now you got, you got a Nico, and now you got Darryl Stingley and you got Stingley. Ooh, that's a nasty combo. I understand what you're saying. Yeah, I see what you're saying. Yeah. Ain't no nights, ain't no, ain't no nights off. Well, I'm sorry, ain't no Sundays off. I'm sorry. Ain't Sunday off. No Sunday bun. Oh, Joe Lawrence Taylor has officially said no to Abdul Carter wearing 56 per New York Post.

(47m 46s):
You said, no, I know he would love to wear that number, but hey, I think he's retired. Get another number. I don't care if it's double zero and make it famous. This is what Abdul Carter wrote. The worst thing he could've said was, no, my stance doesn't change Lt goat nothing but respect. This is just gonna make me work even harder. Love it. Ojo. I I said it. I said, look, me personally, O Joe, I don't even know why he would want that number because I, he, I mean, do you understand that's like a kid going to Chicago saying, Hey, lemme let I weigh 23. Right? Right, right. Or you going, you going to LA and saying, okay, can I get 8 24? Could I get 33, could I get 34? Could I get 32?

(48m 27s):
I'm trying to figure out what, right. Chad, lemme tell you this, when I got drafted by the Celtics, yeah, this is true story. It's crazy that you brought up. So they call, you get drafted, you go back there, they say, Hey, we gotta get this jersey printed. What number you want? I say, well, I want 24 college. They like, well, that's definitely not available. I said, wow. Because you got cozy. You got cozy, you got by. Yeah, you got mha, you got Paris, you got Dennis Johnson. The numbers was gone. Jones, Casey Jones have the check. I got Kyle, I got Bill Jones, Tom, he Bill Russell. You know, if they told me, how about we tell you what's the numbers available? We, we, they, they said, the Celtics told me, we gonna tell you what numbers are available.

(49m 12s):
That's how many numbers will retire. So I respect that, that LT didn't give his number up. Those guys have earned that. Right. They, You know, blood, sweat, and tears in them, in them numbers. They deserve to step there forever. So I respect that and I look, I think Abdu Carter, but people don't understand LT is the only player ever to be defensive rookie of the year and defensive player of the year in the same season. Yeah. He's one of two men in the a hundred plus year history of the NFL to win the MVP as a defensive player. He and Alan Page. Do you understand what that means? Yeah. So that means that the guy that wins the defensive player of the year as a rookie, he's also also going to be defensive player of the year of the entire league.

(49m 57s):
And You know what the, the funny thing about it is, even if I was a player, and I respect that dude Carter for Wonder Wear 56. Even if I was a player, I wouldn't wanna be in those shoes. No, not, not, not in, not in that market. In that market, in that media market. That means not only are you, not only are you a high pick, then you have to meet expectations every week. There is no room for error. Yep. There is no room for error wearing 56. If he did grace you the opportunity to wear 56, because at every, at every turning corner, at every minute, they gonna have a magnifying glass on Yas. As great as you are coming out, Joe. If anything Joe would, I rather do pick your own number and make it famous.

(50m 37s):
Imagine going to San Francisco, you'll receiver and say, Hey, can I get 80? What why about ojo me jail? Hey, hey oj, I Don't, I don't want, I don't even want that pressure. No, I don't want that. I don't want that pressure. Gotta be. I understand Don, the way you guys break it down, it makes a lot of sense why a kid would want certain people numbers. Yeah. You right. It just, it's a handful of guys you don't wanna put that number on. Yeah. Hey, tw it, it's certain shoes. I don't wanna feel, bro, I take that. Listen, if I was a hoop, if I was a hooper, like, like UNC said, if I was the hooper and I happened to go to Chicago, just hypothetically speaking, I, I ain't want no number between I number Two.

(51m 18s):
I'm not asking with 23, I don't want number A two in. Hey, that's too close to 23. I want 20, 21, 22, 24, 25, 26. I don't want nothing with a two in it. I ain't messing with that. Oh yeah. Oh, Joe. Yeah.

(51m 40s):
Oh. Tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this, leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase, the great PayPal checkout, no Purchase necessary end July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart

(52m 9s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah three and Craig Melvin, weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.

(52m 38s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.

(53m 7s):
This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 oh mg. Aging is a natural process as we all know, and we at the deep dive we embrace it. But I will tell you one thing about aging that I don't care for. It's the symptoms that stem from changing hormones, especially as you get closer to perimenopause and menopause. That's why listeners I wanna tell you about happy mammoth's Hormone Harmony, it's all over social media. Happy mammoth. The company that created hormone harmony uses science-backed ingredients that have been proven to work for women. Hormone harmony is perfect for those menopause symptoms that put a woman's life on hold. Hot flashes, night sweats, racing thoughts, low moods, poor sleep, gas, no desire to be in bed next to someone, if You know what I mean. Yeah. Hormone harmony can help with all of these things. I've noticed a little extra pep in my steps since I started taking the hormone harmony supplement and I love feeling more energetic. For a limited time, you can get 15% off on your entire first order@happymammoth.com. Just use the code Garth at checkout Wan lemme know what you think.

(54m 29s):
We got a Twitter Debate for the agent. It started this week and everyone is asking us to weigh in. It began, do you think a hundred ninjas could be one gorilla? Everybody just gotta be dedicated to this. No. Yeah. De de dedicated to death on dedicated to death. Hold on, Hold on. Pe Are you talking about a chimpanzee or you Are they talking about a silverback? No, He said he said a gorilla kind of gorilla. A silverback. I wanna be 100. I wanna be 100. I'm not gonna be in that first 15. Right. Listen, it don't matter what number you are, I don't think people, people are really under underestimating the strength of her silverback gorilla in general. You know, Don't You for a, you better get a thousand and you talking about just what they gonna do with him?

(55m 25s):
No, no. Everybody, everybody dying about, But first all Heard Wan what's gonna happen the first, the the first, the first guy that, that that, that next patch, they see what he do to that first 10. They're like, nah, I'm good. Alright. Go. I'm good. I'm good. It's so, it's, it's so funny when we look at these hypotheticals, especially when they come across Twitter and it's, and it's sometimes it's outlandish because you just view a, you view, you view gorilla and be like, oh, a hundred bucks could actually take that. And you really don't understand the type of power. One punch you gonna kill a man. Kill where you outta there. One punch. One punch.

(56m 5s):
Hey, watch 'em look at him when they fighting in the wild. Yeah. And see how they hit each other And, and, and the while. Hey, you, hey Twan. You ever seen the the clip, the the gorilla they going at in the zoo and the lady screaming behind the wall? Yeah. She talking about, come get it. Somebody break it up. Somebody do something. Come break it up. Listen, you can, you can, you can see the power in them two out there, out, out there tussling. You can, you can feel the power and it's just a video and a human being. Man, stop playing. That's, that's A one. Know I want no smoke. Like I said, I wanna be 99 or a hundred. 'cause after he the 98 I'm gone. He beat the hardest but two of us.

(56m 46s):
He ain't never touched. Hey, somebody gotta live to tell a story. That's gonna be Me. Hey man. Hey. He was slaying them. I was like, oh my goodness. He somebody, he beat somebody. Oh my. He ripped the eye out like, oh my goodness. He pull somebody off. Fuck you box Tcho, you be boxing. Go ahead. Don't you go and go on and knock Uhuh Uhuh. No, no, no. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be the one on the end on the tail end. I'm gonna be the one to tell a story so I can tell, I I can speak to everybody's funeral. Yeah. Tell 'em what happened. I don't want no part of that. Absolutely not. Alright. Last time, last segment of the night is time for q and a.

(57m 28s):
Oh man. Tonight was good. I enjoyed that. Well I felt, I felt, I felt like Doris Burke. Boy, I'm talking basketball like I played Do Doris Burke Good though. I like Doce Burke. Oh yeah. Db B Hey, she nice with It? She's good. She's good. Gold standard. Oh, when you gonna finally admit George is the goat Neville. You don't think Jordan? The goat. Goat. James. Okay. Okay. James Coleman said, rockets, sprockets, hot pockets warriors And five.

(58m 12s):
Okay. Marcel said, oh, we never talk about the fact that from an organization point of view, Kawhi did what, what Joel should have done for his employer with not going to the Olympics. Kawhi didn't start the season. Now look at him. And Joel was the opposite. I agree. Lemme know what you think. We saw Joel limp out into limp out of the season last year. He was probably what, what you think two. You what? 50%, 60% on that leg instead of taking time off, having the surgery or just rest and recovery. He goes into the, he goes to the Olympics and he comes into the season hobbled.

(58m 52s):
Well, if you limp into the season, you're gonna limp out of it because it's hard to get healthy when you're playing every other night. What do you think, how should Joel and I understand the Americans want it because you had yolk and they wanted somebody to be able to bang with yolk. But as a player, selfishly as a ownership, how did, how do you think Joel, if you're Joel, how do you handle, let, let's forget what they should have done. If you're Joelle and beat, how do you handle it? I would've probably, I would've said, listen Grant Hill, I was told Grant Hill, look, I would love to play, but I gotta be healthy. Come the season. These guys, the ones paying me. I need to be a hundred percent. Is there any way I still could be on the team go to go on the trip, participate, maybe even practice a little bit, but I gotta sit out.

(59m 37s):
I'm not gonna take a chance of getting hurt and, and than myself. And I, I don't know if they would've did that, but I would've took the recognition of making the team. But I would've not been able to play. Kind of remember when Bird played and they just kind of just set Bird on his backwards. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm, I'm team. It was more ceremony. Yeah. I'm on, I'm on the team. I'm, I, You know what I mean? I still want to go with the guys. I wanna go to Paris. I want to go through the whole procedure. I just bring my own doctor on the road. My own workout guys. They work piano the court while we practicing and put somebody in that spot. But at least let me still be a part of the, You know, I wanna hang out with the guys. I wanna spend the summer with the guys and still hang out with them.

(1h 0m 18s):
But I would've, I would've said my obligations to my team to be healthy to start the season. We got Paul George. We're trying to do something special. We got Maxi. We think we got a chance to compete with the, the, the Celtics in the Easter conference. That's what I would've did because I know it's an honor to be able to play an Olympic team. I know guys wanna Yeah. Be able to do that and put that on their resume. So, You know, stars it. I would've figured, I would've just tried to figure out a way. I still could be a part of it, but not actually participating and playing. And I think they probably wouldn't let 'em do it. I don't know if for sure if they would've did it, but they probably would've let 'em come and, and still been a part of the team and still work out with the guys. But I wouldn't have put that pressure on my knee.

(1h 0m 57s):
Truth. And Antoine made, this made me become Seas fans. He's asking if they go back to back, do you think they keep the same team together and try to go for the threepeat? Depending They got new ownership group. This is, people gotta understand that. So this is new guys coming in. That's right. I, I don't know. I don't know what their, their bottom line is gonna be financially. We know they're paying a pretty penny for the team. You know, they got two guys making 300 million. Yeah. And they got three guy. They got another guy got two guys making excess of a hundred million. And Al Horford is making what? 30, $40 million a season? Yeah. They, they got Bazinga and Derrick White. They're paying seven guys to be honest.

(1h 1m 38s):
They're paying seven guys. They're paying seven guys. They're paying seven guys. Chad, top money. So, I mean, it's gonna be tough. I mean, we know it's hard in basketball with the salary cap and all that. It's gonna be tough. It's, it's up to the New Orleans and what they feel. They, if they wanna see if they can get them a championship under their belt and pay their luxury tax and, and, and comfortable doing that, starting off in a negative, You know, if that's what they wanna do, start off in a negative. But it all depends. You know, the, the jury's still out on the ownership. This this new ownership package group we got. We gotta see what, how they feel. It's, it's really on them. Because you gotta think the Celtics and we, we, the Celtics don't have their own arena now.

(1h 2m 19s):
That's the problem right now. The shelters don't have their own rent. They're sharing that they're, and so I don't know what this group's gonna do. Hey, that, that's funny when you think about it. Twa, even though they have a new group, even though they're paying seven players top dollar and top money. If the reward of what you're paying brings your championship, why not keep doing it? Why not stick with it? Because you losing money. You got Ja you got Jason Tatum making three 14 Jalen Brown making 3 0 6. You got true holiday making one 30. Derrick White making one 20, PGA's making probably about 35. You got Al Orford making about 30. Peyton Prichard making good money.

(1h 3m 1s):
So hold, let's just say for the sake of ar, let's just say for the sake of argument, how much money am I making by winning that championship and bounce? And I thought that was, I thought, I thought what hold? I thought that was the end goal. So, so what is the end goal as the gm? What is the end goal? Is ownership. I make money ain't won a championship. I would've make, I would've, I would. Yeah. That ain't, that ain't how it work. This, this ain't, this ain't 2K. Well If I 6 million for something, I ain't trying to lose money and I, I know you won have stick the game. I think at some point the stuffs gonna have to make a decision. It's gonna be really impossible to fulfill two, $300 million contracts for its entirety. I think eventually they're gonna have to make a decision on which one they're gonna keep.

(1h 3m 44s):
They're gonna have to get off one of them. And I think they kept it to obviously to be able to win one more. And then I think they're gonna think about it. Like I said, I think they're paying too many guys. They're gonna have to trade or bus a move or do something and break it up just a little bit. Just a little bit. And the new ownership group gonna probably do that. Think about this Chad. Yeah, the Dallas Baptist traded Luca. They traded Luca. That's crazy. 'cause they knew they had to pay him three 50. Luca was gonna make, Luca's gonna make three 50 next year. They cost Luca $116 million by trading him. That's crazy. Ownership more than them when you pick California taxes. Yeah. That new ownership group traded him. Yeah, that's, they got off their money.

(1h 4m 26s):
That's Chris 2K. Great. Said Antoine asked great football questions. Make him a regular. Yeah, you can tell Twan likes the game of football. He's done unbelievable tonight. Appreciate that Twan Jamal, appreciate Do Sanders, Bernie Sanders, Colonel Sanders Lions for the Super Bowl. Oh that must a great, yeah, I like that. Yeah. You got some great takes on. I'm gonna give you your credit. You got some great takes. I need look at the win tomorrow so I can have another one. How can people be surprised? Ur How can people be surprised? Ur dropped so far knowing there was no team that had a great pre-draft interview with him.

(1h 5m 12s):
Man, I'm Unc. Yeah, because y'all guys, I ain't trying. Can you guys explain what, what y'all interview process go through sometimes some Man that that interview man that interview don't mean nothing man. If you're a quarterback, if they're a quarterback, they'll give you a play. They'll call a play. Oh Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. They'll want you to repeat said play. Yeah. Then they already told you to say, okay, this is our play right here. It's called such and such, blah blah blah blah blah, blah. Right. Okay. Here it is. They let you see it on the screen. They let you see it on the screen. Boom. Now they have you re regurgitate what that play is and go draw it up on the blackboard. Yeah. And then, oh, okay. Go, go through your process. Go through your reads.

(1h 5m 52s):
If they do, if they do this defensively, where you going with the ball? But if they do this, where you going with the ball like that? Like I, I understand that, that part of the interview process. But I like, listen, you have, hey t you have people, you go in that interview process and they, they perfect, perfect. You get their ass on the field. Can you play worth a damn? Yeah. So that interview process to me, man, that You know what, that don't mean nothing to me. What you look like when you turn the film on, right? What you look like when you play against better competition, what you look like when you play against competition, that's inferior. That's what matters. I don't want to hit nothing by no going to no goddamn board or me asking you questions and how you talk back to me.

(1h 6m 37s):
That's not winning me no fucking games. What do you do when the goddamn whistle blows at one o'clock on Sunday? Because You know, I hate these. Fuck yeah. Dumb ass excuses they giving man. That's another question that somebody may, but his numbers, those just like, You know, sometimes your numbers stand out when you like this guy really can play. So his numbers aren't relevant in his draft process. I guess they weren't, I mean sometimes, sometimes people take the numbers, sometimes people take the combine. Somebody, sometimes people take the interview, you'd like to have everything lines up. Guy plays well on the field, guy goes to the combine, shows up, you bring him into your building, you're like, yep, love everything about him.

(1h 7m 17s):
Sometimes the guy have two or three, sometimes the guy have one or three. Then you have to make a decision. Is this the right guy for us? Oh you, yes. S 2004 Honest question. Why can't people criticize Sha door? His stock plummeted once the football stopped and the conversation started. Well, I mean you can criticize everybody. Ain't nothing wrong with that. No, I agree. That's fine. Everybody's worthy of criticism. Yeah. Ain I think I, I don't, I don't mind the criticism. Criticism. I think, nah, I think it's, it's about if the next guy got picked and he's better than me, then I can respect that.

(1h 7m 59s):
I think when, from my understanding, and you guys could tell me if I'm wrong, but I don't think the guys that got picked ahead of him, I don't Think you guys have them from what I'm, I'm hearing from most people. They wasn't, they didn't grade out. They weren't graded. They weren't graded. No. They didn't grade out better than him. Yeah, but you see what he said, Ocho he said, well, football stopped, but he's a football player and we supposed to be having a conversation. We're supposed to be critiquing him on football. Football. Yeah. Not the conversation surrounding football. Okay. What, what, what, what about, so what, did he not play well? Did he not? I mean I, and I get it. Look, I mean, sometimes guys get nervous, sometimes guys don't test well, and that's okay. Look, I ain't, I I don't need a guy to take the SATI need a guy to be able to play well on Sundays and Mondays.

(1h 8m 43s):
And I think it's, that's all, That's all That matter. Hey too, I think we, Thursday night, I think Chad, we need to make a, this a topic these execs have to understand too. And it's NIL money now. It's real money guys are getting in school. So yeah, you gonna see a Maybach, you gonna see a diamond chain, you gonna see a Rolex, you gonna see all these things before that big NFL paycheck. 'cause they already getting money so you can't judge a guy. 'cause he went out and bought himself some nice things. He's earned that money. And I think the exec, the execs gotta understand that too. They have to realize too, guys are gonna have already made it. They already living in a nice house. They already have nice things. So you can't hold that against them. That's part of the game now on, on the, on the collegiate level.

(1h 9m 24s):
That's part of the game. Now you get NIL money. So you can't knock this guy because he's getting money and he like, he got a nice chain, he got a nice watch. Of course. That's the things that we want. We different, that's how we go, especially in a black culture, y'all know, like that's the first thing I want. First thing I want was a Rolex. I be a Rolex. I got down, had a Rolex. I wanted me a car, I want, I want the Benz, I want the Mayback, I want the, that's what I want the first thing. Yeah. So you, I think, I think they looking at that too because he has style. He had flash already, but this, that's the game now. NIL money. Yep. He ain't like, You know, and his daddy play. How about his daddy play football for 20 years and may it tell the money and play bus.

(1h 10m 8s):
What if he wanted and, and he played baseball and what if he wanted and he played baseball. What if he wanted him to buy son a bunch of stuff. So I just don, You know, I aint wanna just get outside the, the football ability. That's why I was so curious to hear you guys' comment about it as far as football. 'cause the same, from what I watched this year. He was one of the top quarterbacks in football. He wasn't 144. Right? He was, he wasn't, he shouldn't have been picked 144. I know that. Absolutely not. Absolutely. Mark, Jasmine said my new sports center Nightcap cereal pink. Please play for my daughter who's a sophomore at Michigan State and taking finals this week. We will be at your De Detroit Show cereal. Thank you very much. And we are praying for your daughter and I know she's going to knock it out of the park.

(1h 10m 48s):
Taking those final cupcake, mama. Good evening guys. If life, if life had playoffs, what moment in your life would be your championship win? Woo. What Moment in life would be my championship win. When you going Oh, go ahead Chad. Go ahead. My, I'm, I'm gonna tell you my Super bowl and my championship win is coming up in 2026 when I walked down that aisle. Yeah. It finally is that I, I got finally got something in life that gives me structural, You know, something that gives me purpose. You know, you feel me? Why I got that. I got I got that line. Lemme out. You getting married at 26. 26, okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Congratulations My brother. Congratulations.

(1h 11m 27s):
Appreciate it. I'm at, hey, I'm have open bar so all y'all could come 20 come Open bar don't you don't you don't drink bro. You don't Drink? No, it's, it's for, it's for the, it's for the guests. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. It's, it is for the guests. They're, I finn have, I'm finna have Frankie Beverly Mays, I'm gonna have them come play all No, you Have, you will have maze. 'cause unfortunately Frankie, Not Frankie Beverly. I, I'm have may You know. May gonna Be, come on. Yeah, it's it's gonna be, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a good time. Come on. Nah, he, I just crushed you. He just crushed you. And he crush. He crushed me bad. I crushed me bad. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. Frankie, rest In peace.

(1h 12m 9s):
Oh, that's a good one. Good. Nah for me. We have two kids of mine. My two daughters. That's, that's, that's, that's it for me. My two daughters. That's a girl for me. That's, I think we know my championship moment. TJ said, oh Joe, I need that Corey di jersey with your signature on it. Oh no, boy. Hey, that's a classic. That's CD jersey. I got it hanging up there for a reason. Cd, cd. This is the lad jersey he wore when he was in Cincinnati. He took it off and threw his, threw his pads in the stands before he left. That's the jersey he had on. I ain't letting that go nowhere. If, if, if ever What? Please ain't gonna Joe tell him I follow hard times.

(1h 12m 51s):
I might have to auction behalf to Renee Sotheby's. That's, listen, the last Jersey Court dealing war. Listen, hey Bud. That that ain't going nowhere bro. Absolutely not. No salt. That concludes this episode of Nightcap guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your host, your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner, co-host number 85, Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And joining us tonight, man, great conversation on basketball and very, very knowledgeable about the game of football. Asked some very interesting questions of Ojo and I, he won an NCA championship in 96 at Kentucky.

(1h 13m 33s):
He won a, he won an NBA championship in 2006 with the Miami Heat. He's a 17 and a half point score throughout his NBA career. Have a unbelievable career. Andon Walker Wan, thank you for joining. Yeah man. Come back and join us again soon. Hey. Yes sir. I'm tripping. What? I'm tripping. I did this with everybody that came on here wan we was to play one-on-one right now till 11. You think you'll beat me? Nah, you work out too much for me. I play golf, Chad. I play golf too much. But You know what child, I ain't never seen you shoot or nothing like that. So I don't know if you skilled enough. I just know you work out a lot. Oh yeah. And I know you boxing work out a lot. I'm, I'm, I'm going that golf course man. I'm, I'm drinking a little, okay. Okay. Okay. Hang on, hang on. Okay.

(1h 14m 13s):
Matter of fact, I I need a couple bottles up now. I do a little siping myself. I i I do a little sip now. Okay. I need a couple bottles. I need a couple. Alright. Send your a I'll send it down there to you see, give your address to ask you. We'll get that to you. Okay. I need a couple of them. Gotcha. Yes sir. Alright. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for your continued support because without you, there can be no us ojo and I, we greatly, greatly appreciate everybody at Nightcap appreciate your support and hopefully we'll get your continued support. Please make sure you go check out Shea Ballport now we do have it in stock and if you cannot find it, any city or a state near you, order it online.

(1h 14m 58s):
We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go check out my media company, Shea Media, on all of its platforms and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked. The blink is pen in the chat and supplies are very limited. And once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. Tickets for Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale now. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. The link is also pinned in the chat.

(1h 15m 37s):
GRE lineups are looking great. Go get your tickets now to come out and see you guys, UNC and OCHO and be supportive. Thank you again. Very, very much. Shado Sanders, after a long, long wait. Got drafted by the Cleveland Browns that pick 1 44. The Warriors beat the Rockets 1 0 4 93. Thanks. Thanks to Steph Curry. 36 points, seven rebounds, nine assists The nuggets, clip the Clippers. Aren Gordons dunks the basketball as the buzzer goes off, they win. 1 0 1 99. Thanks to Nicole Yoki. 36 points, 21 rebounds, eight assists. And who else we had Thunder Sweet.

(1h 16m 19s):
The grizzlies. Thanks to Shea Gil just having 38 minus John, You know, they didn't have much of a chance and the calves go up 3.0 as they blow out the Miami heat. You ain't have to say it like that. I'm unc he ocho. Thank you Wan for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow night after the Lakers tied this thing up. All wan. Alright baby, The Volume.

(1h 16m 47s):
Hey Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankin. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on season's one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit QuickBooks, Listen to Mind The Business, Small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 17m 19s):
Oh, tasty High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this, leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase, the great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary against July 18th to see official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per Cart.

(1h 17m 47s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards in Nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.

(1h 18m 16s):
Ah, come on. Why is this taking so long? This thing is ancient. Still using yesterday's tech upgrade to the ThinkPad X one carbon ultralight ultra powerful and built for serious productivity. With Intel core ultra processors, blazing speed and AI powered performance that keeps up with your business, not the other way around. Whoa, This thing moves. Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Win the tech search@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo Unlock AI experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon, powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device.