
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you for more, check out boz.com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video this Thursday. It's a clash in the NFC West as the San Francisco 49 ERs face. The Seattle Seahawks. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kayleigh Hartung for the latest chapter in this bitter rivalry. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight. Live from Seattle. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the 49 ERs in Seahawks at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the UA Foot Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champion League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up to date.


The time for holiday hosting is upon us. So make your second bathroom second to none with home Depot dot com's. Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices that will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath plus free delivery at The Home Depot. Subject to availability C home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


The Volume


TD taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks and get one month free of NFL Plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho, let UNC plan your bachelor Party party. I don't even, I don't even party. I don't even celebrate my own birthday. I doubt I even have a bachelor party. What what you think? All right. I mean, I mean Look, I mean that's what's I've never done Before. That's not what you wanna do. Don't do it. I got great, I got great ideas with your money. Your money. That's, that's fine. That's fine. Long as we doing something I like to do. You know, anything that involves cigars, anything in involves, you know, live music, jazz, preferably. Yeah.


Yeah. Okay. See God, I'm getting my Clinton on. But it is like a bachelor party. Does it always have to involve women? I know, I know it. No, It is your party. It your night. Yeah. This is your last night. It is my last night. It was a free man. Does that mean I should do something that I wouldn't be able to do once I'm locked in? No. No. You can't do, look, don't do anything That a real find out. That's gonna be the Shortest ain That's gonna be the shortest marriage. Ain't ain't, that's not a good look. That's not a good look. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. So, So Doc, I don't think he gonna let me do that.


Landy Ray said, Hey guys, what would you say your love language is? Physical touch, words of affirmation. Quality, tired, And that's a good question, man. Acts of service. What's Your thought, Joe? And I think this is, I'm I'm, I'm glad you asked because I mean, think Ley and I had this conversation and she at told me like, like, damn, you, you are so easy to deal with because I don't, I don't want for nothing. I'm, I'm so simple. Unc, I mean, yo, you, you follow me the chat, they follow me throughout the years. If you follow me on social media and you can see how simplistic my lifestyle is, and I'm not really complicated by, by any means in my love language. Like, what would it be?


Man, that's a good question. You like gifts? No, I, I don't really care. I don't really care for gifts. You, Yeah. I don't really care for no gifts. Hey, hey, what is, hold on. This is a good question. Now I really wanna know the answer to this 'cause she gonna be able to say it right off the back. Hold on. Okay. Okay. She said, she said attention, attention, attention, attention and affection. Yeah. What? I know what George, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Attention. Because she said when you shoot, you didn't have anything.


My Time being Go, as long as you have something to occupy your time, you're good. But when you don't have anything to occupy your time. That's why we had that problem the Other day. You brought her to be attentive to You. Matter of fact, I'm so glad you said that. Speaking of, we got into it again, UNC, we got into it again. I, I I bullshit you not, and I'm not even playing it. She right here. Unc, you know y'all have first watch out there. Where you at? Yeah. First watch it's like, like a Denny's IHOP a little bit more, I don't wanna use the word upscale, but a little more. Yeah. So I mean, I'm eating breakfast. Right. You froze.


I'm eating breakfast. I get my normal, I get my yes, my french toast and I get mistaken eggs. Right. And I get my fruit bowl. So she called my phone. So I placed the phone up. Okay. I got the phone in my hand and I'm eating my food. So I got, I got my sunglasses. I got my sunglasses sitting on my head. My sunglasses fall by accident. Right. Not by accident. And I put 'em back up real fast and the waitress was in front of me. Rel think somebody sitting that she say, who was man, who in the is that sitting in front of you? I know you not playing with me.


Put your glasses back down. So I took my glasses and I'm like, and I put 'em down on the table. She's like, Chad, don't you play with me? Who in the hell is that? And like, she think it's funny. She said, I hear you the background. Real Laughing. Whatcha you talking about? Turn the camera around. I turned the camera around. I Didn't turn the camera around. He didn't turn the camera around. Hold On. Listen. Huh? I turned the camera around. I plate the food is right there. My french toast. I had finished already. And I'm, I'm eating my steak and eggs. I'm like, man, what is your problem? Then the waitress comes right back out. Right again. And now the waitress nervous 'cause she could hear cursing and I'm confused you Up.


It was, it was so, it was so embarrassing because I, I didn't wanna snap. And the waitress was like, the waitress got scared 'cause she could hear her cursing. So the waitress went away the first time and she came back to make sure everything was okay. That was her. That wasn't real. That her Boy, UNC, I sw boy. She snapped. She snapped it, it Like, put your glasses back down. You slammed on it. For real. Tell, tell him how you did it. Do it. Don't, don't don't, don't laugh. Put Your glasses back down. I didn't say that. I said, and he didn't play tell No. I said don't. Did you, did you tell him he playing in your face. Face? That's what I Said. No, say it how you said it. Say it how you said on the phone.


Said say just how you said it. No, man, she was talk, she was talking to me like, I'm like, I'm not even Ocho. Like she, like, we, we almost got into it. But again, she, she apologized, said I was sorry because when my glasses fell, but, and they went back up. She saw the, the reflection of the waitress sitting in front of me and it was her. And by the time I, it dawned would be what she was talking about. 'cause she was confusing me. 'cause instead of just communicating and talking normal, she was screaming like she was my homeboy. And like she wanted to fight. I was, I had, I had a tone in my voice, but I wasn't, I don't scream Ma I just had authority.


Yeah, But you just let you Getting the head about the seriousness Of what you were saying. Oh, I was gonna pull up on you and I was about to pull up baby. Hey, I about straight, straight hood. Straight out the hood. Out the hood. But sorry about that. But go ahead. I, I forgot to tell you about that story, man. Oh yeah. My bad. Now it's time for our last segment and it'll say q and a q and a. No chill give said no invite. Woo. With Ocho looking with Ocho, looking clean. Hey, hey. You see me Gil?


Where you at? Gil? Hey Gil. See, listen, listen. A lot of people will look at it. Right. And and you think it's very expensive. This this money. It's for $200. It's for $200. Yeah. I'm surprised to cost that money. Yeah. I Had it. I Pulled one three re Yeah, You probably would. You probably would. But yeah, I, I gotta tailor. Right. I gotta tailor the fit, you know, real slim fit because you know I got, I got a model type body. I'm not, yeah. What rel tell you? Huh? What rel tell you today? She, You know what? That she be hating. Yeah. I ain No hating what rel say. Rel told me you need to get back in the gym. So that kind stung a little bit because that's like me, me dating her and saying like, oh baby, you know you need to un bigg your back.


How would, how would real feel? I tell her she's not get to jail. Yeah. Yeah. But Listen, I'm a stay at home father now. I don't have time for the gym. I have nobody to impress. I already got you now. I got you now. I had one tell me. So you get a gut, you get cut. Ooh. That's tough. You, that's tough. Hey man, y'all, y'all gimme up outta here. And now it's time for you guys. One of you guys'. Favorite segment, the rel report. Come on out here. Re Look at ra. Hey re need a mic right's.


Re mike My mic. Hey re Hey. Hey y'all. How you doing? Re I'm doing Amazing. You just flew into town today? You know Ray sprung in town today. She was, We ain't doing amazing. We beefing. She like, I'm coming. I wanna see my man. I've been away from him for a minute, so I'm coming. I said, come on man. I can't even support. Yeah, she can. Even When we beefing, I still support Now. See that's what you need, don't you? I mean, listen time man. Lemme take my glass off like we beefing for real.


Like no bull. I ain't talk, I ain't talked to re in six, seven days. How many days it been? I've been busy. I just want y'all to know we beefing. For real. He lying. And You still love us though. That's what people, that's what couples do. Hold on, hold On, hold on. Let me finish because I'm mad. What they used to say, scratch your ass and get going. Yes. All Right. Right now you are upset. I'm mad. No bullshit. Animals get mad, humans get upset. So right now you're upset. You have a little disagreement. You know, re said it was rainy outside.


You said it's seven and sunny and y'all have a little disagreement. That's what happens. Couple disagree. Sometimes Don your damn. You think it's gonna be great all the time. Any couples out there Arga? Yeah, they, I don't know. Are you, Are you going through it too, sir? Okay. Okay. Hey, holler. Let me after the show. Oh. Oh, your lady taking a picture too, so. Oh, I like the pictures. Okay, look at that. Re I see me. Yeah. Look at re She, She, oh, Cho Ocho, you gotta step on Ocho. She You better hold on. You better. Hold on. Who? Women like Rel ain't, they don't come easy.


Make they own money, got their own, got their own money. She can stand. Ra is a standalone. There is not a whole lot of women that can stand alone. Right. Ra can carry her own. Right. And I know sometimes, look, I'm a lot older than you Ocho. And I can, I'm speaking from experience. I'm speaking, I'm speaking from experience. And e it is easy, like when you get upset with your partner and the first thing you go, shit, let her know what she effing up with. I'm the dude. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm Ocho na And I'm mother real.


So with that being said, look, this is, this ain't nothing that we can't overcome. We family. How about we have a, how about this year, like when I go on vacation next year, you and Ray host Nightcap kept, I believe you said, you said you want, you want a Oh, I want, I want to be on first take. You gonna be on first Take. Wanna be on first take, Bro, when I'm going on first take, when I take my two months off, you would take my two days and your day? No, no, no. I want to come on there with you and Steven a like right now.


I ain't on, I'm on Mondays and Tuesdays. Okay. I'm gonna come on Mondays and Tuesdays. No, you could you take the weekend. You take Thursday and Friday. Ain't Nobody watching on Thursday and Friday. Yeah, they do. That's leading into the game. Nah, nah. But first of all, I don't run first take. Right. That's something you gotta take up with Steve and a All right. Don't worry about it. We good? We good? We good? And hey, just so y'all know, this ain't no script. This ain't really, the real report is part of the show. But on, on, on God, we really beefing. Well you gotta keep it reiterating Just so they don't think this ain't serious. This serious. I am. We beefing for and I'm mad. But, but come on, I'm gonna let you cook You what you thought.


What, what guy? What's eating Ocho? Grape Gilbert. Who is Gilbert? Gilbert real great. No. Was eating Gilbert was great. No, it went over her head. Yeah, Leonardo did copy. Okay. Come on. Come on, come on, come on. I mean, I'm interrupting. Yeah, my bad. Are you happy to see Ra I mean, I mean, to have a, to have your woman on her own dime. Right? I'm going to support my man. I know. He, I know. We just beefing. I know, I know. He's upset with me. I'm upset with him. But I'm gonna show my support no matter what. That's something bro. Right. Because a lot more folks age when they get mad. They looking too.


Yeah. Is she here? I mean, my peripheral views on No, I'm joking. Listen, listen. I get my So r we miss you in a, we thought you gonna come to the A, it wasn't able to happen. But here you are in Houston. So what do you think, what do you think? I mean, you, you've been to Houston plenty of times. I'm sure. I Love Houston. Listen, soon as I landed Houston, I was thinking about opening up a brokerage here. But Houston is like, yeah, I would to ever relocate. I probably would relocate to Houston. Oh Joe. Oh Joe.


We might be neighbors. If I ever relocate, I'm gonna relocate to Houston too. I'm coming too. I'm coming too. So I landed and I went to a restaurant called Taste. Oh my goodness. I had oxtails and grits. What? Oxtails. Oxtails and grits. I had fried chicken, candy, yams, collard greens, corn. What the hell? Real. And the red velvet waffle. It was so good. No, You ate all That. I ate all of it. But you know I had some better, I had something better because when I landed, what, two days ago, I went to grooves and I had, I had gr and eggs scrambled, lightly salted.


Two sausages and a pancake. Links of patties. Huh? Links of patties. I'm gonna link. Oh, Mine sound better. It does. It does. Hey, hey. What y'all think about this? Don't y'all think they doing too much with Oxtails now? Every bro, they, they used to be, come on. You can't put oxtail. You got oxtail cheese steak. You got tacos, pasta. Come on. What did just happen to oxtails and rice? But the oxtails and grits, they Good. Oh, see that? You go oxtails and grits now you don't Eat Oxtails and grs. They Good. But oxtails and grits good boy. Ain't no no bullshit. Listen to you talk. You eat tail and everything. So, so, I mean, so ain't nobody in the audience surprised by you talking about Oh, They, they do the same thing.


They just laughing. 'cause we sitting up here. Oh, they, oh, so they been lying there Ocho. All of 'em lying. Turn the lights on. Look at they face. Yeah, I saw him homeboy. He dropped his hand. Yeah. Yeah. They got me. They got me Sorel. What? So what, so what's going on As far as Chad and I? Yeah, you and Chad. Exactly. Yeah. She said don't play her face. Don't play in my knees face. Now with your, that's Right. I don't know. I feel like Chad just, I don't know. He getting his way sometimes. And he just, the world revolves around Chad.


It does. No, No It does. Daddy, what you said? You said oh, re oh real. Do you know what it's like to have a woman to provide a lifestyle for you and you ain't got to worry about it? I said, oh, Charlie got, Where'd he do That at? But that was, that was the choice for me to be a stay at home father. That was a choice of mine. But I can also unretire and go back to doing what I do. It kind of hard though, yo. Ah, I mean, you stop working for a minute. Ask them ladies, if some of them ladies that stopped working for a minute and then try to get back out there in that workforce. You gonna help, you gonna help me out that first take. I ain't gonna be able to do that. I'm team Rail. That's Right. That's fine.


That's fine. No, we just getting our some, I feel like sometimes it's good to have a little break. Yes. Because we get angry and it's not good to communicate while you're angry. Yes. So when we get into our little modes, I just focus work mode. Yeah. Angry. She called me ugly. I called you ugly. Ain't I lie. I, I don't care who tell it. You ain't call, you ain't come ugly. I didn't say you was ugly. If you was ugly, I wouldn't be with you. Yeah, you right by that. She said you were acting ugly. Yes. Oh. Oh, okay. Your attitude is ugly.


Well you knew what you signed up for. Nah. You said the representative? Yes. Yes. Okay. I met Rep. That guy I met the representative. You sent that guy? Yes. All we good. How long you guys been together? Four years? 1924. One, Two. Oh, it's going on five. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Five. Five. God Damn. And guess what, September, October, November, December, January in six months. What's that? Israel? Hey, it is Ms. Shire. It's Mr. Chad Risto. Oh.


You see, You see, You see, you see what I mean? See we, we Have, I be to sound Puerto Rican though. It does sound Puerto Rican. Nah, we, we created a monster. We have created a monster. See y'all laughing but don't understand behind closed doors. How she abused me. Like not, you know, verbally like, like y'all don't get it. I, I don't want to like, I don't want to get emotional and start crying. Do I look like I verbally abused him? I'm the ones you gotta watch for, you know the Yeah, I'm from the south. Nothing but southern hospitality over Here. Nothing but Nothing But Phoenix City, Alabama. Period. Child please.


Sin City, Alabama. Yeah. Not well Rel thanks for stopping by. We really appreciate you. We know you and el you and Ocho gonna make that thing up tonight. I can't woo. I feel sorry for that. I feel sorry for whoever in the room. I heard he staying in the hood. I ain't coming over there. Nah, I'm going out tonight. Be too. Which you, you on alarm? I'm going Out and I, I have an early flight in the morning, so That's okay. That's okay. No, I'm going out tonight at eight. Where Dre at? Dre out there. He back here. JJ Jjo. Where you at? I Catch Dre out. Jjo. Where we at tonight? I You, I jjo with y'all tonight baby. We Finn. Hold on to t.


Where you at? T you here? Right here. T What's up, boy. Yes. That's how you doing? I'm going eight. Where we at tonight? We at night? I'm right here. Alright, y'all give it up for Rell. Rosado Johnson. Bye.


The time for holiday hosting is upon us. So make your second bathroom second to none with home Depot dot com's. Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices that will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath plus free delivery at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability dc home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I like you too. This is a perfect thing. Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like. Will Howard, you know, he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair. Right? His name Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. He used to coach Alabama. Now he's the quarterback Admir. Now he's the quarterback at Kansas State.


I love the the Kansas State Purple Wildcats Wild there. It's, and this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


You know, whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. That's the reason the Toyota Camry has been America's best selling sedan for the past 22 years. And the all new Camry takes it to a new level. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride. I mean, there are Hall of Fame point guards who don't have this level of control. And the Camry's got the flash to match. We're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke alloy wheels and chrome dual tipped exhaust. I mean, this is a seriously good looking car. And the all new Camry's got the comfort to go with the looks Standard dual zone automatic climate control will have you and your passengers right in their comfort zone. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. You don't see that often on the court or on the road. And because every, all new Camry is a hybrid, it has difference making fuel efficiency with up to an EPA estimated 51 miles per gallon combined. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


It is Ryan Crest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said, or at least the same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now. Collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


And now guys, it's time for one of your favorite segments. It's time for the rail report. Come on out, RA. Hey Rel, how you doing? I'm doing amazing. I mean, you surprised us in Houston. I really didn't anticipate you to stay on the road this long. Did you go back home or you just came, you came to straight to Dallas? I went back home. I had to go to Tampa. I'm doing affordable homes in Tampa. Right. There's a shortage. So we gotta make sure that, you know, we can help out the people who need to purchase homes. So I'm doing that. And I'm back in Miami and you know, I make time for it. Nightcap. Well, we really appreciate that. I think the question that everybody wants to know, you'll know you're still beefing.


God damn right. We Beefing. He's in time out. I dunno why he act like I'm in the dog house, but he is in the dog house. Nah, we be beefing you. You know what, it's, it's something that's really funny. You know how you, you look at Instagrams, you look at Twitter, you look at just pictures in general when it comes to couples. You ever notice how they always show you the good? Everybody's always smiling. Everybody's always happy. They don't never tell you about the mother ups and the mother downs. Why you gotta curse so much? Huh? Why you gotta curse So much? Because I'm mad. My daddy is In the, I I'm trying, I'm trying to share my experience to let you know that it ain't always happy. It ain't always smiling. She make me mad and I love her.


Right. I love her. That's, that's my, that's my dog. But she in a doghouse. Well, if you love her, give her a kiss. Uhuh. I don't know. I'm In, I'm in the doghouse. I can, I I can't kiss her. I got Chapstick on And he been smoking cigars. You been smoking cigars. You don't like cigars. So It is funny, when we met, when we met, yes. I was smoking cigars. It wasn't no Problem. And it wasn't no problem. But you brush your teeth and you had a mint in the back of your mouth. Now you got complacent. Right. And you think you supposed to just kiss on me without doing all that? No. So That's not love. That is love.


That's not love you. If I gotta, if I gotta do all this extra stuff. You was doing the extra shit when we first met, But I got you now. So what's the Question? That's why you, Okay. Real. How did you and the Ocho meet? That's, I think that's the, the million dollar question. Dj go ahead and play. It goes down in the dm. Yeah. She was being thirsty For me. No, I sent some hard eyes. You Did? I did. Okay. You knew what you wanted. So crazy thing is Chad has always been my celebrity crush. Okay. Like girl, no, he's always been my celebrity crush.


Like, if I would describe the perfect man, it was him. Chocolate. Chocolate. Pretty smile. Right, right. No, Go, go into detail. Tell me Simone. No I'm not. So you sent us a, a hard eyes. How long did it take him to respond? Was it immediately? Was it a day? Was it two days? Less Than five seconds. Damn Ocho. I just happened to have my phone in my Hand. Okay. Okay. My phone, My phone was in my hand. Okay. But it wasn't five seconds. About 30 seconds. It was five seconds because I had to scroll through the pictures first and make sure she was what she was.


And I saw the feet. You saw the feet. I saw the feet. And that's the only reason we together is 'cause I seen the feet. You know, I'm a I'm a foot guy. Yeah, I Know. I Really can't help myself. So you a lot of guy. Yeah. Anything to end the old that too? To elbow? Yeah, yeah, yeah. All that. Yeah. So I, I seen a feet guy answer so fast. Boom. And I, how long I, maybe two days. So How long did it take y'all? Okay. You said the hard eyes. He responds damn near immediately. So how long before you guys actually met face to face? It Was about four weeks. Three and a half closer. Hold, hold the mic closer. It was about three and a half weeks. Okay. She lying. No, I'm not. I'm serious.


For real. Yeah. Three and a half weeks That I don't, I ain't, I don't remember the story like that. I got the timeframe, I got the timestamps. It was three and a half weeks. Three and a Half weeks. Yeah. I was trying to come sooner, but the timeframe wouldn't. So three and a half weeks we went to Green Bay. You, you went to him or he came to you? I went to him. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yes you did. We went to Green Bay. We talked and I was actually surprised because the guy who I thought I knew was a different person. Yeah. Like he, yeah. He spoke a lot. Very intellectual. I thought I was dealing with a, you know, a hood.


Yeah. Yeah. I could, I could be hood, I could had a switch. No, But he, he switched it up on me. Right. And And, we connected just like that. Yeah. I tried to be, I tried to be a gentleman. Right. You know, the first time Yeah. Coming in town. You did. Right. You Know, open the doors. You know what you want. Daddy is here. So hush. Oh No. Papa. Papa can know. Papa Can know. Daddy cover your ears. So, You know, she came to Green Bay. I was working, doing my stuff with ea the game, it was the, the Packers and whatever, whoever I think the bears. Okay. I was like, well I get your room. And she's like, no, no, I'll stay with you. I was like, okay, well no, You was like, I'll sleep in the living room. I said, I'll sleep in the living room just so you comfortable. Like, I ain't fly here for nothing. I mean that, That what I talking about.


Real. Y'all see, man, listen, We both grown adults And that's, I mean, we grown, right? Yes. Yeah. And, and from, from that day on, we, we ain't separate. So we we coming up on five years. Coming Up on five years. Yeah. And the wedding is, is planned for February 25, right? 2 2, 2 25. Yes. 2, 2, 2 25. So All the twos equal eight in the year. 5 85. Oh Lord Hebert. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yes. It was amazing. What advice would you offer women? Obviously you know, you, you are a savvy business woman. You've built this brand. You've built this business through a lot of hard work, a lot of determination.


What advice would you give women that want to follow in your path? I think, you know, choose you first. I was at a point where I felt like I needed to put, I was at a point where I felt like I needed to put my man first. Okay. And follow his dreams. But find you someone that supports you and go after your dreams. It only works. A lot of people think that you should put your kids first, but that's not true because you stress out. And in order for, for everyone else that be happy, you have to be happy. So focus on your dreams. Do what you need to do, communicate with your kids, with your spouse, and everything else will fall in place.


So that's the biggest thing. Making sure that I'm set. If I'm set and I'm good to go, then everybody else attached to me will be good. How did the military, obviously everybody knows, I don't know if they know, but Rell was, Rell was in the military. So how did that military, because you know, you have to be disciplined, you have to be structured, you have to be punctual. How has that helped you in your business? It taught me discipline. It taught me how to deal with different personalities. I do own a brokerage. I deal with different personalities. So it did teach me how to be able to lead different personalities. I mean, everyone is not the same. It taught me structure, mainly discipline, how to lead.


I did 13 years in the army, two tours to Afghanistan. I jumped outta airplanes. I was aban a badass motherfucker. Yeah. That what I'm talking about. Real. Yep. Yep. And she pulled the gun on me twice. He lying. No, for real. Oh. But when I told you, oh girl pulled one on me, you talking about, Oh yeah, but that wasn't your girl. That was somebody else's girl. That's the difference. I be lying. I did not, but it, it definitely taught me discipline and you know how to control my emotions and how to communicate.


Because you di you are dealing with different personalities and people wasn't raised how you were raised. So. Correct. You learned a lot. What? You travel a lot. I mean, Ocho said you've already been to Turks and Caicos like three times this year. You travel a lot. O obviously when you're in the military you move around a lot. But what are some of the destinations that you haven't gone that you would like to go to? Africa. Africa. Yes. That's my next destination. So you wanna do like a, you wanna do like a safari? You wanna go to the Sey shells? You wanna go to Zanzibar? I mean, where do you wanna go? I'm doing it all with or without Chad. Who coming with me.


Oh, Joe, you don't like to travel? No, he don't. Everywhere. She want to go out and been two, three times already. No, you have not. Name. Name. I ain't been yet. Our First place was the Maldives. You never went there. We went together. Oh Yeah, that's right. Exactly. But That don't count. 'cause ain't nothing out there. You haven't been to Dubai. I just ain't nothing out there for me. It is, It's A lot. What's the only reason I travel to do what? The only reason I travel is to watch what Soccer. I mean even the the, they know that. I just don't. But soccer ain't in the Maldives. I Know, but it was your birthday. That's the only reason I went. You Came because of me. So that ain't the only reason why You travel. It was school. School was nice. I'm just, yeah, I'm not into traveling.


I'm not into sightseeing. I'm not into taking pictures. Like you Gotta compromise. I like to travel. You gotta have to compromise with I did compromise. You know how I compromise. Compromise. That Ain't compromising. You don't think so? No. Why? You Need to know what you want. That ain't, I don't want that is I knew I wanted you, so I put okay. No. Yeah. Look at her. She's smiling o she smiling. Ocho. You see how violent she is. Next question. What advice would you offer young mothers? Because you have kids and to juggle kids, juggle your business, juggle a relationship. How difficult and what advice would you like to share with some of these young women out here?


It's very hard. And don't get discouraged. Like go after your dreams. Have a village. I don't do it all on my own. Like my father is here, Papa, he helps out a lot. And a lot of people will say bad things. Oh, you're not taking care of your kids, this, that, and the third. But you know, the bigger picture, like, you know, your end result. You don't have to explain anything to anyone else. As long as you're communicating with your inner circle your babies, letting them know, this is why I'm doing this because this is the bigger picture. That's all that matters. Wow. So what was the, the, the hardest part about starting a business? Because I mean, I don't know if you've ever owned a business before, but what was the hardest part that you, you would say was the hardest part to get this thing off the ground and get it moving?


So, quick story. I did 13 years in the military. Right When I knew I was medically retired, I started my business. Okay. And everyone around me was like, you crazy. You about to give up 13 years. You need to get a GS job, a government job and go back in. And I'm like, no. So I started my business while I was still active duty military. Okay. Wow. So once I medically retired my, my leave date, I jumped right into my own business. Wow. So I didn't even have time to even think about the hard parts because once I jumped into my business, I started recruiting. Then I landed a TV show. My business wasn't even set up for three months. And I had a show on Netflix.


Do you always know you wanted to be a business woman? Yeah. Give her a round applause. That's unbelievable. It's, it was a lot of hard, like I I I had a lot of criticism. I had a lot of, oh, y'all ain't doing nothing y'all. But the biggest picture was to show us as minorities, us as black women, that we can get into luxury as well. When I first got into real estate, it's like, I was like, how can I sell 2 million, 3 million? They was like, girl, it is all about who, you know. Nobody had the, the blueprint. And I wanted to change that. So I recruited some women and I took a different route and it got me to Netflix.


But what was your question? 'cause I got such, Right? No. Did you always know you wanted to be an entrepreneur? Did you always know you wanted to be a business woman? Honestly, I didn't have a plan. I was a teenage mom. I lost my track scholarship. A lot of people don't know that. Yes, I was the 400 runner. You see? Yeah. You see these legs. But I lost my track scholarship and it wasn't about me anymore. It was about my child. Okay. So I decided to go into the military. I didn't have a plan. I did 12 years, 12 and a half, 13 years. And I was like, I'm tired of working for people. I seen people stress out die at the age of 55 working for the government.


I was like, I'm, I wanna be my own business owner. And it just blew up from there. Yeah. Ojo, Hold on now. Now what she did that is, is, is is I'd I'd help too. Now What you help with? Oh, Not with the business because the business was here before you came along, baby. Okay. Okay. But you Did help. Once you came into my life. You did help take it to that next level. Oh, Let me, okay, lemme get you together now. Don't Do that. But The business was businessing before, Right? Right. Yeah. I gave you a little catapult. Now don't do, don't do. Okay. Oh, You did. You did. I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you your Credit. Yeah. So y'all, so, so really y'all, y'all business partners?


Not how old Joe? No, we not business partners. He Support. You can't, you can't mix business and pleasure. No sir. You can't do that. And I don know nothing about real estate. My business, I dunno about real estate at all. He supports a lot. And I'm truly grateful for that baby. Yeah. I, IM in, I'm in the streets. My business is my business. What streets? In the streets. Oh, No streets. Oh, I Thought She said she No you're not. I called the other day. I said, Ocho, let's go do something. I'm ready to be. Yeah. I was in bed. Oh, I lemme tell y'all. So y'all wasn't there for Houston. He was trying to act all hard and bad, like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. She in the dog house. I leave early, go back to the hotel. 'cause I was tired. I had an early flight back to Tampa.


Where you staying at? I was like, I thought you was going out with Andre there. That's not no, I, she had, she Had my, I Got, she had my watch. What? I didn't have shit. No. I had left my watch in her purse. I just wanted go get my watch. What, what, what's your room number? I like that little Joe. That's nice. Knocking at the door. You start, you, you, you, you like dating the process all over again. Yeah. It's like first time, like, Hey, where you at? You knocked on the door. Yeah. Yeah. You ain't knocked too hard because you didn't want to disturb the neighbor. You like, so how you gonna talk about you and the dog? Go on to give kids. Go ahead. We in public.


Come on man. I'm shy. That's my dog. Man. Look here man. Y'all, y'all, y'all amazing together man. I lo I love Look, everybody's gonna go through something. If you're in a relationship to say that it's, it's peaches and cream every single day. Absolutely not. It's, it's Not. It's, and I think, I think I love the fact that people do watch us. I mean, they go to the extreme, I'm not gonna lie, but Chad and I are normal just like everyone else out here. We go through things, you know, we shut down with each other. We need a break. She's stubborn. You stubborn too. She's stubborn. But at the end of the day, our love overpowers everything. And you know, we have a, a great family.


We have great support and that's all that matters. And. we keep God first. Well, you know what, since y'all back together, thank you guys. Dallas, Charell risotto. Ocho. Before we move on, Ocho and Rel guys have officially made up. They've kissed and made up and so down. Hold on. Look at he Nah, we, we ain't, we ain't. I mean look, we, we all right, we all right. But listen, I eased up. You know how you, when you driving right? And you step on the brake. So I stepped on the brake a little bit. I ease, I'm easing off of it. I ain't ease off it all the way. 'cause if you ease off it all the way they gonna think ain't sweet.


Sweet. And I, I'm, I'm being serious for those. You know, I'm, I mean Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm handling this as mature as I can. Well I'm as mature as I possibly can. I'm proud of bro, I'm proud of you. Yeah, we, yeah. I, I I appreciate that. She right there behind me. Can't see her. Oh, she the bed asleep Baby. Wait, what? Wait, what? Yeah, she, she knocked out back there. Listen, she back there Realey. I'm go real. See I'm traveling Realey. I'm traveling. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, I, she came, she came with me, you know, came to support me at, at the inside the NFL Wednesday. So, you know, we left, we left there and drove on down to New York. So we, you know, we in New York, I see people in the chat making fun of me.


Talking about what you in a storage unit with no lights. Somebody say what? You back in the closet? Put you in the storage unit? No, I, my hotel, I got the lights off. 'cause you know, my little, my little, my little baby hippo sleeping. My little baby baby back there, you know, snoring. But yeah, she's sleeping. But other than that, man, I just And we, we, we good man. We gonna take, take things slow. What I need to do, I need to start over with her. Yeah. Because We in year five, right. And, we done got a little comfortable. I think she done got a little comfortable. She done got a little complacent. I think I got a little complacent. It ain't the same like it was in the beginning. Yeah. I need to re record.


I I, I need to, I need to find ways to, to fall in love again. You know, and find ways to redate, you know, all that, all that good stuff, man. You know, just add a little little pepper and spice of this shit. 'cause we, you know, we got Yeah. Settled. Everything came From the team. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, she working and working. I'm to be honest, we, we, we, we had a good talk. We had a, yeah, we, we had a good talk man driving. That's what's up. Driving from Philly to here or we had talk man. Yeah. About time she took, you know, something that most women don't. She took accountability. I was like, okay, I'm, I'm proud of you. Yeah. Jean did that in five years. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like we You look own it. Yeah.


Yeah. That my dog, that my dog Mess up. Clean it up. Yeah. Yeah. But the greatest apology has changed behavior. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It is. It is. It is. But listen, I, I listen. I like, I like when I hear that phrase right there, the greatest apology is change behavior. Now there's only so much we can do as humans because you are who you are, especially at our big age. You know, and at times if you have to change too much of who you are to peace someone else, and you lose a sense of yourself. And that's one thing I can't do, I can't lose a sense of self. And what makes me me now, the issues and problems that we do have are, are not they fixable, magnified that much because they're small.


Yeah. They're, they're fixable problems. But what I need to do is I need to find a way to minimize those small problems. Because they become big problems, small problems continue to build and build and build and build and build and build. Well, that's why you jump on. That's why. But here's the thing, Ocho, as long as you approach her in a way that's not confrontational, you're like, baby, I wanna talk to you about something. Right? And Yeah, no, yeah. You know, it's not an issue, but I don't want it to become an issue. So, and then you, you, you approach it like that. You don't approach it in a confrontational manner. You don't cause like, you, you wrong, and I'm right in this situation. You talk to her, like I said, I I, I just know reel through you. But I think, I think, you know, she, she's probably, because the one thing I do know Ocho, she, she, she, she loves you.


She wanted you, she wanted you. She wanted you. Yeah. And it's one, it's one thing, it's one thing when a woman wants a man, there's not a whole lot that woman won't do for that man. Yeah. And vice versa. And vice versa. Yeah. You know, I, I don't think I'm breaking, I don't inter I'm not breaking the news. But when a woman really wants a man and she put herself out there like, yeah, I want you let it be known. Let the record clearly state. Yeah. That rail won't Ocho You got, that's not how she told me. She said, she said, I want you, but I don't need you. So like, it was like, it was, she kinda hit me with a, like a backhanded compliment at the same time.


Like, well, damn, you ain't have to do that in there. Just say you want me. You ain't had to tell me you ain't need me. We know, we know we, we know you good, but Right. I think we, we on the right path. We, we we doing good. We doing good. But I, I like, and I, somebody tweeted me the other day, why you always posting me y'all beefing. But listen, I post, when we happy, I post, when we smiling, I post, when we sleeping, I post. When we wake up in the morning, I post every goddamn thing. I'm not living privately because I ain't got none of goddamn high. Like, some of these people that think they, they wanna be so secretive in like, who the is y'all? I ain't no mother. Hey lister, I'm going through the same y'all go through in the chat.


I'm going through the same shit. You go through what? I mean, we all go through the same thing hiding for what we got. I go through the same argument y'all go through. We had the same fight. Y'all have, I think the, like I said, it's okay. But as, as somebody that's gone to therapy for a number of years and many of times is that the therapist always say, Shannon, are you arguing to be right or are you arguing for Right? She say they're totally different things. Ooh. They both end with, right. But let, what are you arguing for? And you have to be able to communicate with your partner, both in a language they can understand.


If you speak in Mandarin Chinese, right? And she's speaking Spanish, or she's speaking Portuguese, there's, there's no communication there. And you've got to have communicated. See, when you have uncommunicated expectations, you have expectations for rel rel has expectations for you, but they aren't communicated. See, this is where the problem starts to arrive because there's uncommunicated. Well, I thought Ocho was gonna take me this. Well, she ain't tell me. So how am I supposed to know? Right. See, Sometimes we get to the thing. Well, you should just know, no baby, just tell me what you want. Just tell me what you want. Can't use mind. And I'm your mind.


I'm gonna try to do what I can to make sure that happens. 'cause I wanna make you happy. Because at the end of the day, a man, when he's looking for a, I'm talking about a real, a woman is not a educational, Ocho is not a body, it is not a beauty. It is not the sex. Can you bring me peace? Because all those things, all those things, the finest, beautiful, I mean hanging from the chandel, the ceiling fan. And he could turn it on high. Yeah. Yes Sir. But if you don't give that man peace, eventually he gonna leave. Yeah. But you know what, also, in turn, one of the things I learned, especially about myself now, like, I like what you're talking about, but I'm gonna take accountability on my end.


So I got to bring Yeah. Oh hell. Real peace. My god damn self. I got, I got, I gotta bring her peace. So normally if I'm bringing her peace, then once I, once I cross that threshold in that door that I call my safe, safe place, or my safe haven, whatever that be. Yes. Then I do get peace. Now if I'm acting a goddamn donkey and I'm expecting her, I'm expecting her to bring me peace when I'm acting a fool. Nah. Oh nah. It don't, it don't, it don't work that way. Yeah. You, you right. Don't work that way. It's, it, it's, it's like relationships are tough. You gotta work at it. Just like, there are very few people. I mean this, look, you gotta get a football because you worked at it, you practiced at it, you studied it.


You have to take that same approach with your relationship with you're married or whatever, however, whatever you wanna call your relationship. You gotta put that same kinda laser focus into that to make sure your partner's happy. She brings you peace, you bring her peace. She gives you hap but happy. But your partner can't give you happiness. People like, when people say, I found happiness. Oh, you, happiness is not something you find. Happiness is something you create. You create happiness. Yeah. Yeah. And in the process of you being happy, you where you need to be, person can't move you off. That they're just gonna bring you more.


More. Yeah. And that, that's, that's, that's, that's a lot of, of, that's a lot of pressure. Yeah. For putting on your partner too. That's a and that's for y'all. That's for y'all in the chat. You know, you always relying on your man and you always relying on your woman to make you happy. But happiness comes from within that you got already be happy. You got, yeah. It is already got to be up in you. 'cause if it ain't in you and you relying on someone else, you know how human nature, human nature let you down. Human nature let you down every time. Man. I said, this is what you gotta be careful. You gotta be careful what you tell people. Because if people know what make you tick, they can wind you up and make you tick when they want to. Now, if a person can make you happy, what else can they make you sad?


Yeah. I mean, it doesn't matter. Yeah. It doesn't matter how you flip the pancake. It's still flat on both sides. Oh yeah. They'll play with you like a puppet. Pull your strings when they want to. So I'm happy for you, bro. You know, Hey bro, you know I'm pulling for you. I'm looking, I'm looking to go, you know, your boy looking to go, you know, I might pull up with something, you know, I might pull up with something. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Listen, February on, it's on now. February baby. That's okay. That's okay. Trying to pretend like she's sleep. You know, I look at, I look at, I look at, yeah. You know, I, I'm like step by, you know, your shape there with old how you, what gonna wear, wear?


What, what? I mean, you, you gonna be on the beach so I need to pull out some linen or something. Yeah, we the beat. Yeah. You know? Yeah. You gotta have some linen on. Hey, hey listen, when your boy pull up on that white horse, you gonna see me by from 300, 300, 300 yards away. Coming. Yeah. White Horse. I pull up on the White horse. She gonna have on one of the most Sundre the sling. You know? You know, you know I, you know. Yeah, right. You know, and you know the night before I be on that, I be on that roast mark. The, the rub. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Say yeah, I'm be on the smart.


Hey, see now you know what? You gotta be careful bringing a plus one there. Oh. Because you never know it's gonna be there. Hey, I'm just throwing, I listen, I'm showing I Peep. Okay. I done peep. Okay. Okay. You know when I get on the sparks, I work for an oil company, I be drilling. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I be cola. Y'all need to hire boy. Hey, deep. Alright. Alright. Offshore. Yeah. Oh, she don't play. She don't play. 'cause all that, all that, that man, man. Hurricane don't play.


She cussing everybody out.


The time for holiday hosting is upon us. So make your second bathroom second to none with home Depot dot com's. Best savings of the season right now enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices that will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath plus free delivery at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


You know, whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. That's the reason the Toyota Camry has been America's bestselling sedan for the past 22 years. And the all new Camry takes it to a new level. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride. I mean, there are Hall of Fame point guards who don't have this level of control and the Camry's got the flash to match. We're talking available. 19 inch multis spoke alloy wheels in Chrome, dual tipped exhaust. I mean this is a seriously good looking car. And the all new Camry's got the comfort to go with the looks. Standard dual zone automatic climate control will have you and your passengers right in their comfort zone. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. You don't see that often on the court or on the road. And because every, all new Camry is a hybrid, it has difference making fuel efficiency with up to an EPA estimated 51 miles per gallon combined. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience Social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the UEFA Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's. Soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man. City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in ac Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Aventus by Munich, PSG and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament is champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesday because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us. Stream every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


How would you handle that situation? Obviously re RA is important to you. That's your mom. Hey. Re re rel Got it. When? When my mama was here. Huh? Rel got comes out when my mama was here. What you, matter of fact I'm gonna show you, you can't even see. Right? Listen, remember I told you when mama passed away her messages, right? You see? You see my scroll. You see my phone? Yeah. You scrolling all her messages still there. You wanna, you wanna know her last message was to me. I ain't even erased yet. Hold on. Rel ass out second row. You laughing. I ain't bullshitting. Second row. The mock funeral. Not a seat for me at the funeral.


As for Rell said to me, she had no contact information on me to let me know you were having a party. That too Babe. What? Oh, well my mama was hell man. And everybody got it there. There's a saying, I don't know how many people in the chat that are from Miami or or any of my friends, there's a saying, you are really not a friend of mine. We are not really friends if you haven't been cursed out by my mama. So what I do try to do in situations like that, I try to deescalate 'em as much as possible. But once she got that lick in her system, if my mama got that lick in her system, huh? It's a wrap. Yeah.


That it's a wrap. I believe that. It's a wrap. There's nothing I can do. There's nothing I can say. It's a wrap. I believe there have to be a healthy level of respect on both sides. I understand. 'cause you know, moms don't believe anybody is ever gonna be good enough for this. Good enough. Yeah. And fathers doesn't believe that anybody's ever gonna be good enough for their daughters. Right. But there has to be a level of respect there that this is the person that I choose and whatever mistake I make, I'm gonna have to stand in it. I'm gonna have to own it. And you know, I, there might be a time down the road that you say I told you so. Right. But if I introduce you to somebody, I, I don't need you to this, in this situation, not withstanding, just be respectful. Right. Because I'm gonna dema I'm gonna demand my partner be respectful of you because you are my mom and you are an adult.


Yeah. You are older than she is and so she's gonna give you a level of respect. But in order to get respect, you're gonna have to give respect. Yeah. And I don't want to be, I'm listen, every time I come around, I'm not gonna be a referee. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not, I'm not. That's good. That's not, that's not what I'm here for. Yeah. I, you know, I I I want my partner to be around to know my family to to to my grandmother and my mom and my sister, my brother and family. But to come around and be and, and, and to be You're not gonna be disrespectful. Yeah. You're not gonna call her outta her name and my, my partner. Damn sure. Not gonna be disrespectful to you. 'cause at the end of the day, that's still my mom.


Yeah. Yeah. She gave me life. So we gonna be respectful. I demand respect on both sides. That's tough. I demand it from my mom to respect my partner and I demand my partner, respect my mom. Yeah. That's tough. That's tough on, I mean, listen, I mean your your, your mom is a little different than my mom was. I mean, there are other people's mom, they, they, they operate different in the, in that, in that space when it comes to who their son might be dating. Yeah. My mama. My mama don't give to you know what? And didn't care who you were. You was, you was gonna get it. Any, any, any small little situation where things don't most of the time go her way or you don't or you don't, you don't check in. Just, it just, it just weird. Some of the things that would trigger her.


And I, I would do everything I can and, and in my power to, to do, to deescalate situations the best way I can. And you know, it was, it was hard for me to even take my mama places with me. Huh? It was hard to take it to important stuff. Red carpet events because I know, I know what's gonna happen. I know. I know what's gonna happen. That's tough. And it, it, it never fell. It never fell. Even when I tried it never fell in chat. If y'all don't know about Hurricane Paula, you can go, go watch, go watch in action. When we had, we did marriage bootcamp together. My mom and I, we did marriage bootcamp together. A family edition where I tried to, to reunite and, and bring us a little closer together because we, we were always at wit's end.


You know, my grandma raised me. So I, I tried to do all I can to, to to see if I can fix and rectify our situation as, as, as, as mother and son and boy. She showed her ass. Well she showed, she showed ass. She cussed everybody. I'm, my thing is, I, I'm never, I'm never gonna curse my mom. I'm never gonna be disrespectful to my mom. Yeah. I'm just gonna have a conversation with my mom and like, mom, look, I'm an adult now. Yeah. I'm not the little boy. Yes I am. I I'm still your baby. I'm the one that you gave birth to on June 26th, 1968 in Cook County Hospital. That's me.


Yeah. But I'm a man now and I'm, I'm well, I'm in my right mind. I'm old enough. I'm wise enough to make decisions. They might not be perfect. My grandmother had just the opposite approach. My grandmother's like, I ain't gotta sleep with 'em. If you like 'em, I love them 'cause I ain't gotta spend one day with 'em son. Right. That's my grandma. Anytime I brought somebody, now I ain't bring a whole lot of people around my grandma. But she said, son, I ain't got you the one that gotta live with 'em. Are you happy? Right. And if they make you happy, you being happy makes me happy. And if my happiness is dependent on you, you being happy son, do it. Right.


But you know, my, my mom, and look, my mom is like, and I get it, but like, I would, I would never, I would, I wouldn't allow my mom. I probably was like, you know, take my, take my, take my partner home. Right. My girlfriend home and then I'm gonna come back and I'm gonna have a conversation. I'm gonna have a deep conversation with my mom and I'm gonna say, mom, that's disrespectful. I said, so in other words, you don't respect me so you don't give, you don't give, you don't care about me. You don't care what I want. You don't care what I like. You don't care about my happiness. This ain't about you mom. Right. This is not about you. And I understand you want what's best for your child. All par. I ain't gonna say all, most parents want what's best for their child If they're, if they have anything.


Right. Because I've never, I'm never gonna be that parent. And I parent, oh you think you better than me? What parent worth anything says that to a child. You think you better than me. Right. But I will have a conversation with my mom that I-I-I-I-I thought that was very disrespectful. Yeah. The way you talk to her, the way you talk to me. Right. And mom, I'm gonna always love you, but if you can't respect the person that I'm with, I can't come around you. Yeah. Shoot that shit there bud. Man. Shit mama. You see that little speech you gave just now being nice about, man, you can't, I can't even come around man.


My man. But carry your, carry your black ass on there. You ran that bitch. But I, I wish, I wish you coulda met my mama, man. I don't know how many people from the chat or that's watching the show. That's from the crib that nobody, my old girl boy, she ain't play that boy. But she ain't play that. It don't care. It don't matter who he is. Everybody got it. Coaches, teachers, friends, my girls, my kids, Hey my kids. Those I have kids from. Everybody got it. Everybody was spec game. It, It, it's different. Pastor, it it, it was very different the way my grandmother approached my girlfriends or people that I was dealing with than my mom.


Yeah. My grandma's like, you happy take care of the babies. Hey 'cause I want them grad, I want them great grads to be around X, Y and Z. Alice, Mary, Alice. Different ballgame. Huh. But, but the thing is that, that, you know, you tell you, you tell mom just because I have somebody in my life, that doesn't mean I love you any less just because I got a kid from this person. That doesn't mean that's gonna take any, that's gonna take any of my love from you. You my mom, you always gonna be my mom. I'm always gonna do for you. But now I have responsibilities that I have to do for someone else also.


Right now I might not be able to do as much as I could do 'cause I have other responsibilities first and foremost. That's one thing Barney and Mary Porter raised us to do. You take care of your responsibilities and I'm gonna do that. Right. 'cause I created it. So anytime you create something, you take care of it. Right. Okay Mom. But I still got you. Normally when you throw that many times, what are you, you're behind and teams and the team will let you Hey do that. So they don't give up anything cheaper deep. Right. Just keep 'em in front of us. Yes. Yeah. I mean I just, I I mean it's some of the guys and they just like, I I'm gonna show you.


I, I just wanna know 'cause Anthony Richardson said that the college was harder than the NFL. I wanna know if he still feels that way. Wait, he, he, he said that last year, this year before he got hurt. He said that this Year. He said this year I don't, I don't really think he meant that though. I Just go, he what he say? Damn, I don't dunno if he meant it or not. He say he would just be, he probably be So if a girl call you ugly. Oh she ain't mean that. Dang aint what she meant. She said it. Nah, if a girl, I mean nah, but you, you gotta listen. You know a girl call you ugly sometimes she flirting and she really don't mean that. No. But you know, sometimes she said to keep you humble. Nah, don't keep me humble. My grandma, My grandma, my grandma, my grandma called me ugly.


All my life growing Up. I'm gonna take your word for it. I'm done with you old ugly self. Okay. Hey, I, I aint try to convince nobody. You did you mean that because you, you, you remember the other day you said I was ugly. Did you mean it? Nah, you said it. I'm good. I'll keep it moving. Ah, you can't, you can't take it personally. I ain't take it personally. I just, I ain't finna be what I look like trying to, somebody gonna call me ugly and they think I'm gonna be with them. I mean come on. When Ocho, we grown you do that in the fourth grade. Right. When you in elementary school, you got a crush on somebody.


You hit them with your ugly self. You make me sick. We grown now wet play type of games. That means she really like you. Nah, nah. True. Hey, I mean re called me ugly sometimes. Was she mad at you? Yeah, Exactly. You Know, listen, what, when, when, when are women the the most honest When they what? When they're angry. When they what? Thank you so proud. May maybe I'm, you know, I listen, I'm, I ain't, I'm not the, I ain't top 10 in the world. I'm not strong six and a half. Especially with a haircut. If I get a haircut, oh.


Long as I'm, long as I'm above five. I'm straight now when I ain't got no haircut and you know, I ain't, I ain't been on the weight. I'm be, I'm, I'm a, I'm a strong, I mean, yeah, look. Yeah, I mean I guess that's what you like. I'm looking for like you saying, I'm, I'm trying to be, I'm trying to be a strong six seven A seven. Yeah. I mean you say if you want, you want your girl, you wouldn't want your, you want you. So I mean you say what, what would you say? Re to what? Nine 10? A nine? Nah, re re she probably, I give, I give seven and a half. Hey Rel, you heard?


Nah, she ain't there niece ain't that. I, Hey, hey listen my dog, she she, man, she, she might, she about have 10 i I'll kicked recover. You did. I I'll Kick. Yeah. And only reason, only reason she probably listen, the only reason I she with me is I won because of my personality. Okay. I can see that. That's it. That's it. I'm I'm just being honest because you know what they say, if you can make a woman laugh, you can laugh you. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna say, you know what, I'm Trying to Yeah, I I get what you saying right. Quick, quick. But I look, it, it, it just depends. I mean look, everybody, every, you know everybody there, there's them lookers that you know that's going get you like Yeah.


Yeah. You know, hey you got, you got them, you got some stepper that's gonna make you do a double take. Like Damn. Yeah. Yeah. They walk in the room and everybody head Turned. Yeah. Yeah. And then you got one. You got something. Did you see her? Nah, Listen, I mean obviously depending on who you are, especially as a male, sometimes you want a seven. Sometimes, sometimes you want a six and a half because you take a six and a half and you get a hair her feet and her nails Done give her a knife back, Get a face B Oh she good. And then you ain't gotta worry about everybody after, you know, you ain't gotta worry about her having Temptation, Ocho And all that. What you feel to realize the moment you, you can get you a two, the moment Ocho.


So somebody gonna want, because they want what Ocho got. That's how it works. Make it see a woman walk by a thousand times. Right. Right. But let's Don't lie, boy that bro, you saw her walk by this, she been working in this office for four years. She been single. Ain't nobody, she ain't mentioned nothing. No flowers have never come. No cars have never come. Right. You've never seen her go out like, oh I gotta go, I'm going to meet somebody for lunch or for coffee. But the moment somebody show a little interest, I down man. No. Stephanie look good mother man, they do that all the time on Ocho.


Hey. But you know, like I said, look, I'm what I am. I got a nice personality. I can carry a conversation. I'm what I am. What you see is what you get. Yeah. You know, like I said, when I was, when I was, when I was growing up on Ocho in college and high school, you know you got a, because women a lot of times you ain't gonna see five or six tens together because they gonna be bickering. So you go, they, they never 1, 10, 8. Right. Seven. And they gonna be about three or four tools gonna be a couple tools in that Ocho now. Right, right, right. The one thing about women, they not gonna splinter guys if, if, if, if, if five or six guys go out together and this one and the people say, hey, hey, you know, hey what you doing?


Hey, let's go get something. Hey bro, check this out. I'll holler at y'all. Hey, hey, such and such, I'm going blah, blah, blah. Women don't splinter like that. So you gotta have somebody that'll take for them tools and Fuse. You gotta have somebody take one for the team. Right. So yeah. That's why my homeboy would come in at Sharp. I got you. But you know, my girlfriend, you know, she ain't got nobody he Got, I go, I'ma go and break him off. I'm gonna give about $300. So, you know, he could do. Yeah. Go ahead and do what he need to do. Keep her occupied. Right. Well I keep this one Occupied, But you not gonna find no 5, 6, 7 tens together because there's too many strong personalities. And if somebody talked to one of them, oh, that be he, he would he be, he'd be in my d of he be my d you know, they be talking all that's, that's community.


That's community ppp anyway. I ain't want it. Yeah. So it's gonna cause confusion more times than not Women, they have, you know, one or two that look really, really attractive. But you know, they gonna have, they gonna have about three or four, two in fuel with 'em now. Ocho. Yeah. Always, always, always. Mama say I ain't taking one for the team. Nah, I I wasn't either. I ain't gonna doubt that in me, man. Come on, come on sharp. No, it ain't no, come on sharp. No, hell nah. Come on bro. Don't put your boy out there like this, man. But that happens Ocho. But like, I like you said, like I, I look, I can talk carry on a conversation.


I got a nice personality. Hey here, what it is. Hey, am I 10? No, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. What I am, I'm 56 Ocho. I move a little, I'll move a little small. I got the same, I got the same haircut I had since 1972. Starting to recede a little bit, getting a little bit in the top. But what you see is what you get. Right. Well, I mean, listen, I I mean me, I'm, when I got a haircut, when I got a haircut and I put on some clothes. Well I'm, I'm about a nine and a half. I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you. Yeah. I'm, I'm about, I'm about like all bull. Like when I really like put that shit on, boy, I like, I, I be somebody different, you know, and I walk, I walk different, you know.


Yeah. Like, and just, I, I, I'm, I'm not cocky, I'm convinced. Yeah. You know? Yes. It just, it is what it is. But you rarely catch me in those occasions. 'cause I always look like a bum and I always repeat the same outfits for three, four times, you know, at, at a, you know, a week because I don't really care. Yeah. I mean, Ocho, when you had a job where you dressed up every day, 240 days a year, shirt and tie, shirt and tie, 240 days outta 365, bro. I ain't, you know, I ain't really trying to dress up like that now. I still, you know, have to dress up. You know, I don't have to wear a tie, don't wear a tie that much anymore. But I still dress up two days a week, occasionally three days a week, man, when I'm going, you know, like that's what you wear. Like look at this is what you get.


This is what you getting. Now if you think you gonna see somebody out there, some LV or some Dior chy, that, that, that ain't mean now. Hey. Oh no. Now them young boys, hey, they could have all that. They, they, they got it. Yeah. But that ain't me. Yeah. So I'm gonna dress, I'm gonna dress my age. I ain't coming in with all that other stuff that, that ain't, that ain't me. Ocho. I'm perfectly good in my athleisure. Yeah. Yeah. Every, you know, every time I spring a every, every blue moon I bring in a little high designer. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I do a little Air blue moon every, Hold on. Where was I at? Houston. Houston. You know Houston? I have a little, little designer short said, oh, you know, little something together, you know, you know how Houston, you know what I'm saying?


Having Houston in Houston. Right, right, right, right. Yeah. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion league match, live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


What's popping and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bos.com.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And, if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start. Start first. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jeans and it fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collections for tees and their bestselling popover hoodie. I love rocking that on game day or really any day Shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


CBS Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirky is crime solver. I'm ELs Betas. I work with the police is back and ready to go Toe to toe. Yes. With a cavalcade of guest stars, you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new CBS Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds lux over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones. Look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart, best Buy and More. Or visit j lab.com.