
This is an iHeart podcast.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, Giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now, that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200. Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply


The volume. Shaka discussed the hate he receives online while saying he's planning to be visible in the Cleveland community. 99% of the hatred directed at me is towards my pops, and then I'm just his son. But the kids didn't grow up in the era where they watched him play. It's just the older generation that does it to me rather than younger people. Because when I come to a person, they, I, there's no negativity. I see. But it's all over online. That's why I say I like going to sch. I like going to schools in person and actually meeting the kids.


And any questions they have, I say, just ask me whatever the question you want. Pick any question. No filter, no anything. That's what they say. And I j and then I just answer whatever they need me to answer. What you think Ocho any truth to what he said? Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Listen, the is the young folks really don't have a problem with it. They enjoy 'em. But it's, it's the older kids now. Older kids, the older gen, older folks in general, You know that that's, You know, the hate. And yes, some of the hate does come from his father, but also some of the hate is going to come from him. And what he's been able to accomplish so far, what people mistake for, for arrogance or cockiness, which is merely confidence, which is all he is shown.


Some people don't like that. Some people want to be humble. They want you to dim your light because it makes them uncomfortable. Yeah. My light it hurting your eyes. Might your light shining bright? It it, it might do, but I'm, I'm not dimming it. Obviously. He's, he's a quarterback. The quarterback position is supposed to carry himself a certain way. It's, it's a way in which he doesn't carry himself. And he hasn't been given any grace as opposed to other quarterbacks that were just as boisterous. You know, they don't know. You know, they, They love that, didn't they? And listen, Listen, it, it's different. It's, it's a double standard, but it is what it is. So you understand that. I hope he doesn't change anything. I hope he doesn't change anything.


Just put his head down. Do the work you need to do and hand you handle your business and change the quarterback position, which hasn't been good for the Browns consistently in a very, very long time. Since number 19. Vinny Since, since Bernie Cosar in the eighties. Yeah. And before that, you gotta go back to Gram. So they really only had two good quarterbacks. So I don't wish you Well, I'm wishing him well, man, Ocho, you're not gonna be able to win with people because if I dress nice, oh, he trying to show off. Mm. If I dress down, he broke. Yeah. You see O ain't no in between.


No, it ain't no in between. Because it's your, you, you projecting, you projecting. Right. The man's confidence. The man believes in himself. Every, everybody that's ever accomplished anything has believed in themself. Sometimes you're the only, if I don't believe in me, who else gonna believe in me? Exactly. When people told me, ah, Shannon, you ain't gonna do nothing. I believe the one person that told me I would, me, because I was the one that was gonna be lifting that weight, right? I was gonna be the one that was running, I was gonna be the one that stayed in and didn't go out and party. That was going to be me. Now, if it didn't happen, Ocho, I wasn't gonna be able to blame anybody because I knew what I wanted to become.


I knew what I wanted to accomplish. But no matter what you do, if I tell y'all I'm go out there, do, I'm bragging, then I don't show up and play well. Oh, he's sorry, he terrible right now. I told you what I was gonna do. I'm bragging. I don't do anything. I'm not any good. I dress well. Oh, he tried to show off. I got hold of my pa he broke. Hey, listen. So how do I win Right now? I can't. I eat at a nice restaurant. I, man, I wish I would pay a hundred dollars for a steak, man. Them drinks cost $30. The CB eat at a fast food chain, man. He got, he, Hey, he can't eat. He with a fast food chain because he can't eat at that a hundred point.


You see what I'm saying? Ocho Yeah. So at, at some point in time, you just gotta be secure in who you are Are and do what you wanna do no matter what, And do what you wanna do, Can't please everybody. Right? And that, and that's the, that's the har that's the hardest part, right? Is that because before OCHO you didn't have all, you didn't have, we didn't have social media, so people couldn't jump in your comments. People didn't have a way of saying anything. I mean, the national media, they might, You know, you had a bad game, they would tear you up. But now, I mean, everybody jump on your timeline. Everybody got something to say. Everybody. You, you have to be in a, in a era where everybody's very sensitive.


Individuals that are in the limelight, whether it be sports, if Entertainment, Entertainment, you have to be mentally strong, mentally strong. You do. You, you, you just, you just have to be. And if you're not, if you're not mentally strong, you don't need to be in certain business businesses in general because Oh, they coming for you. Yeah. Sometimes everybody's not happy for your success and sometimes they wanna see you successful until you become successful. Hmm. And then, You know, I, I told you Andrew Sho told me a, a, a great quote. He said, the easier it is to make money doing something, the more resentful and envious people become of you.


Because everybody feel like they got a voice and they can talk. Yeah. So if you make an X amount of money as hell, I can do that. Why he get to do it? And I can't. You see everybody realize, bro, I ain't finna be six nine, I'm not gonna be able to run no 4, 3 40. I'm not gonna be able to hit the curve ball, the slider or the change up. But talking on your, you mean to tell my, or a camera and a microphone, and he can make that, he making that kinda money and making that kind of money. Yeah. So the easier it is to do something, the more resentful and envious people will become of you. And it, it, and I'm not, look, like I said, I, I wasn't used to this ocho I wasn't, I wasn't used to like, I played football. I'm expecting Kansas City to dislike me. I expect the Raider fans to dislike me.


I'm on the Broncos. We beat hell out your team. You should dislike me. Right? But when I got into this, and I didn't know, I didn't know I had this, like even at, at undisputed, because You know, I was everybody's favorite uncle. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? I was talking about the George Floyd. I was talking about Walter, Walter Scott. I was talking about Eric Garner. I was talking about Sandra, but I was, I was doing all that stuff, don't you? We talked about Colin Kaepernick with Skip and I, we talked about it when everybody else had abandoned it. And what, nobody touched it. We touched it. And I'm talking about with both feet. So I like, which I'm on my own now because everybody kept telling me, man, you need to be on your own. You don't need to be taking this yada, yada, yada.


I said, okay, man. He'll sell out. He gossipy, he zested. Like, well, damn, They, they gonna, they gonna come there, they gonna come. But, but You know what? And, and, and You know, a lot like Shannon, that, that, that comes along with it. I was like, really? That comes along with it. I've, I've always felt I wanted the fortune. Damn the Fame. Mm. You know, you hear a lot of people say Ocho Fame and fortune. Nah, I could, I coulda, I could've did. I coulda, I could picked the fortune. Yeah. I mean, listen, it's, it is nice. It is nice to be the, the fortune is very nice. I hear a lot of people tweet that out.


I want, I want the money, not the Fame. Well, it's really hard to have one without the other. It is, it's very hard to have one without the other. There, there is, there's, there's the no give or take. Well, it all depends on how you accumulated it. See, if you've accumulated it in sports, if you accumulated it in entertainment. Right. It's hard, man. A lot of these billionaires did walk by you. You wouldn't even know who they were. No, You wouldn't, you wouldn't Definitely would. Definitely would. You, you would've no earthly idea that such and such is worth a billion, 2 billion, 800 million. Because they didn't make it in a way that you saw them make it. Right. See, if a guy playing sports, you, well, LeBron James has made 800 million in, well, 500 million in NBA salary.


Tom Brady made 300 plus million dollars in, in NFL salary. So you can see that. But a guy that invested in Google that you didn't see a guy that brought Netflix on Nvidia. You didn't see somebody had Brookshire Hathaway. You didn't see so, and they sitting on tons or they got this invested in a startup Uber, and now they 10 x 15 x 30 extra money sitting on hos of cash ocho. Oh yeah. Walk right by you. You never know. Never never know. But, but You know what, Ocho and, and, and, and now you see it, it comes along with it that comes along with the territory.


I feel bad for, I feel bad, but I think Ur being in the situation that he is in and, and being who he is, I think his dad has prepared him for this. Oh absolutely. I think he's prepared him extremely well. Absolutely. You know, time Gotti, You know, people say time was self going back and forth playing football and basketball. Well, I don't he boat bro. I mean, think about it. If you can make, if you can make 20 million doing one job and you can make another 20 million doing another job, he was like, nah, I don't want that 20 million over there. You know? It wasn't like he was doing it on the free, they were paid him to play baseball. Oh yeah. He be getting two checks and he was good Damn good. I mean, you, but it's tough.


I mean, some people are, some people are delighting that he got, he went into the fifth round. But I, You know, OCHO ain't where you go is what you do once you get there. That's it. That's my, that's my favorite line. Because at the end of the day, you gonna have to show one way or another. You f Kev war with the first pick. He gonna have to show what he can do in Tennessee. All the, everybody. You'll get hell the shoulder pass on cleat. Okay. You know, go Prove you are what you say you are. And he, he flying under the radar right now too now because of all the attention. Yes. And he flying under the radar. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm wishing him well too. Yeah. I mean, I know you from Miami, but everybody wasn't happy when I ocho went to Cincinnati.


No, probably not. No. Hell nah. No, you, I didn't care either. The one thing That was, that's my dream. It ain't yours. Hey, I don't know what your dream, I ain't living your dream. I'm living mine. Hey, It ain't, ain't ain't matter. Ain't matter. Who cared or who care? Not nothing. I knew what was gonna happen when I got there. I could tell, I'll tell you that. I ain't worked this hard to have a cup of coffee. Oh yeah. You know, I tried out for the Broncos. Oh no. It wasn't gonna be no, try, try out. I don't know nothing about that, don't you? I ain't had no choice but to make it. That's it. That's it. Yeah. To work, to put all those years. Think about how long you've been playing. I think I started playing tackle football at nine.


Yeah. I started at four. Liberty City Optimist. I mean Miami Lakes optimist. I'll never forget. Yeah. I started playing football at nine years of age. So nine got drafted at 21, turned 22 like two months later. Yeah. So 13 years. That would, I mean, not make, it was no option for me. I knew they had something I can do. And I have a 13 year special team career. But I'll go play in the NFL Some Don't live. No, don't gimme no chance. Gimme a chance. If you want to, to get out there, you can get the job back. I'm thinking about that. Boy, that's so long ago.


Yeah. 1998 Miami Lakes optimist. I remember my coach too. Miami Lakes optimist. Pythons off 67th a why You wasn't no damn four years old in 1998. What the hell you talking about? No, I'm, No, I'm thinking about my first coach. I'm telling you what I can, I can remember and recollect. You said 1998? Yes. I started at four, but I don't remember my coaches when I started. Oh. I'm telling you, when I first, I remember My coach Dale Dutton. Yeah. Yeah. My first coach. His mom was a substitute teacher. Right. And that day at PE smoked all the kids talking about you ought to play football for my son. You wanna play football son? Yeah.


I like you better. You better You talk to my grandma. Mm. You married boy, ain't you? Yes ma'am. Bus drop me off the lady let down near run me over. Pull in the yard, don't you? Hell no. Ladies, I got on the bus. I like, well, damn you, damn. You know, you could have called. Damn, man. That's, that's a, some good memories man. I damn Doey Misson was rest his soul. He was my second coach. Yeah.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto paid plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Yeah, because You know, you, you, you, you pick everybody gotta pick three. You get to pick three players because I know how you do it. Don't yo, see, like I came, I came late. They had already started my first coach. They had already got their team already picked, but Right. I was gonna play on her team and, and I was like, I gotta play on his team 'cause he gonna take me home. Right. Yo. Hey, if you are bringing Shannon Sharpe home, I couldn't play. Right because, and we didn't have a one car and my sister wasn't gonna be coming to pick me up from practice. So Mary say Francis, you gonna fetch, you going fetch that boy home. Yeah, Mary, I'll bring him home. Okay. So she brought me home next year.


Doris said, I went the first round, brought me home and then what's the guy? Billy Shoemaker. Oh man, I can't think of the guy's name. Ocho damn. Might have been, was it Dale Lauder? Dale Kick Lotter might have been my coach. I got, I gotta ask Libby tomorrow, but I got that ride home though. Yeah. Oh yeah. And when I played, when I got to high school, Ocho, I know it was a, they wasn't supposed to do it, but you had to because my aunt, my sister would drop my aunt off to all the football games, basketball games, the track meet.


Shit. You had to, oops, sorry. Damn you. Oh, you had to take my aunt home, right? Yeah, my aunt ride home. It'd be all the guys and my aunt. Hey, hey coach. You know my aunt? Oh yeah, she can come on. That's dope, man. Yeah, man. She, she was the, she, my Aunt Jane call the top. She went to every football, every one of my football games in high school. Every one of my home basketball games, she was there. Every one of my track meets. She was there every last one of them. Damn. I come out a, I get dressed top.


You ready to go? Yeah. She get, hey, she get in the bed, she get on the bus with us. Every one of them. As a matter of fact, my, my my co my track coach and my high school football coach, coach Hall, actually he going into the Hall of Fame. My brother, brother, he coached my, obviously he coached my mom. My mom graduated in 60, I graduated 86. So 26 years. He coached 50 years, right? Yep. He told the doctor, coach Hall probably be about, oh, old Coach Hall. I'm 81, so coach should be about 87. He told the doctor, he said, coach, how you doing? He said, I'm doing good.


He said, I got one more guy. I got one more boy to get into the Hall of Fame. And then Doctor, I'm good after that. I don't care nothing about after that. Yeah. Yeah. Man, that joke, he called my sister. He, he get in Coach Hall. I don't know. Okay. When you find out, let me know. So he got in, she drove up there and she told him Coach Ley, he, but I showed good. So we just, we just booked he and his wife reservation, I think the other day. I think Shelly took care of it the other day. That's what, that's what makes it special. Ocho. Yeah. When you have a coach that's been a part of this, he coached my mom. He coached my uncles, my driver's ed, my si You know, my, all my aunts, my sister, me, my brother.


And then it was a part of it because he lived in Savannah. The home games. I look, I see him on the side. I see him stand over the side. Had a white guy named Billy Strickland. Ocho only white guy there only come from Glenville. Yeah. Only white guy at the hall. He was at the hall. That man was so proud, Ocho. He said it's the proudest day of my life that had to beat the, he, he was my pharmacist. Yeah. So my grandma would send my sister up there to get medicine, not have no money. He said, don't even worry about it. Don't even worry about it. Yeah. Yeah. Billy Strickland was at the game. Standing, standing on the side.


I would see him because he and coach, obviously, he and Coach Hall knew each other. They be standing there. That's what, that's, that's what makes it fun. Coach Hall Drive. He drove to dc Drive to Tennessee, drive to Jacksonville. If I'm close, Atlanta, he driving, he coming. Yeah. If it's anything, if it's anything under 12 hours, coach Hall gonna drive. He coming. We play in Carolina. In in preseason game. Coach Hall there, coach all there. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Because You know when, when, when they first started, they played at Clemson and then they got their own stadium coach all coming. And man, it's so great.


It's a, it's a unbelievable feeling that he gets the experience. It ain't a whole lot. It ain't a whole lot of guys. Coach two, coach two guys that go to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Yeah. And he got, he's in the coach. He's in the hall. He's in the Georgia Coaches Hall of Fame. Man, he was so proud. He, man, he told us, me and my brother went up there and went up there for that. Man. That's what it's all about. Oh, Joe Travis Hunter. Travis Hunter had a busy month. First he was selected number two overall by the Jacksonville in the NFL draft. Then he graduated Colorado May 15th and on Saturday he got married to his long longtime girlfriend, Leanna Lannie.


He gave her a gift, a ceremony worth at least, at least 600 K. It's a Mercedes-Benz a MG 63. Bravos a Hyundai. Yeah. It ain't nice. Yeah. Ain't nice. But your boy ain't got that kind of bread. Yeah, bread. But your boy ain't got that kind of bread? Nope. If Theya had it, he ain't buy one of beer. My, oh, once you get to a certain age like myself Ocho Yeah. About to be 57 in a, in a in a month. Yes, sir. I done had everything I want now. Hey, Yeah. You, you, you wanna chill, huh? I, I done did it. I done did it. I done did it. I done had the Ferrari and the, the rolls and the Bentley and the big body bins.


And I, I don't have all That did it all. But hey, I'm happy for the young fella. Oh yeah. Man, he look so bad. He look happy. Very happy man. Listen, that's what it, that's what it's about at the end of the day. And I'm glad him and his wife ignored all the haters on the outside. Ignore the haters. Everybody gonna have an opinion. Everybody gonna have to say this, blah, blah, blah. Whatever. Long as they happy Trav, focus on what you gotta focus on. Go out there. Yeah. And turn Jacksonville and Duval County upside the fuck down. Turn it upside down. We should have see Ocho that shit have been us many years ago. Ocho, nevermind.


Wait, what? What should have been us Married? Oh shit. Right now that I've been trying to get you married. Man, listen, I'm I Whoa about you. I, oh, I'm getting married. I told you I 2026. I'm not playing. Hey, lemme tell, lemme tell you something. When, when the ball, when that ball, when that ball dropped? December what, 31st? Yeah. I Ain't got time to play. I ain't got Man O Joe. You hate me. I had this white linen outfit. I was going wear this. Hey listen, you going still be, you gonna still be able to wear it. I tell you that. You ain't, man. Hey, I ain't got time to play. Ain't nothing out there man. You right.


You right. You ain't, You know what, you, you, when you right, you ain't wrong. And listen boy, I ain't got time to play no games, Boy. I'm jumping the broom. Two of 'em. Yeah. Right. If two of them if it need be, I told you, listen, pay attention. Now think about all the stories we done talked about. Yeah. All Players, basketball players and everyone that's having success. Do you notice what they all have in common? They All want ain't married. I want some of that. I want some of that. I'm telling you, I'm telling you. Listen, God ain't gonna tell you what grandma used to told me. God ain't finished with me yet. He, I wait, he waiting on me.


I'm not going to finish the work that needs to be done with you until I have a foundation to build it on. So I'm finna go ahead and create that foundation now watch, now watch now watch how everything just start just, And, and until you pay me my 5,900. When I get on y'all, I'm gonna take as long as God took. Hey, listen, I'm I, I tell you what I'm, I'm gonna talk to God about it. I'm gonna see what he say. Let me, Hey, let me, lemme tell you. I'm, you Need to talk to me about it. Hold On. Pray lady. Lemme pray on it. Why you gotta pray on my money? Nah, it is not, it's not, it is not about praying on your money. It's just I want to talk to God about it.


You ain't talked to him yet? Yeah. Oh, we, we, we Talk man. He's about Unc. You probably say, God, You know Unc ain't got no patience and I should be trying his patience. Nah, I need to give him his money. Nah, Listen. Jesus got the will. Don't worry about it. Long as Jesus got the will we going in the right direction. Well I ain't in it, so I need you to pay me my 5,900. I ain't in it Will that, that between you and God. I need you to cut me a I need you to gimme 5,900 in cash. I got you. I got you. Ain't no pressure. Ain't no pressure. Well congratulations Mr. And Mrs. Hunter, Ms. Hunter, enjoy your gift.


63 grabbers 800. I'm saying nice too. Hello. It's your favorite sports dunk here. Don't forget to hit that subscribe button to join the fastest growing community on YouTube. Remember Nightcap doesn't happen without you. So please subscribe or you're gonna make OCHO cry Ocho during a, during OTH this week, AJ Brown admitted surprise at his current mindset coming into the league. We're taught, we're playing for this reason, we're playing for the trophy. And once we got the trophy, it was just like, I thought everything would be for Phil, like the hard work and everything. But no, it's a journey. It's the journey that matters the most. That means the most because those are the moments you look back with your teammates, those that are spending time with you, going to war with.


You're suffering together. You're winning together. Yeah. Yeah. I mean once, look, I wanted to be Pro Bowl player. Yeah. I wanted to be an all a a an all pro player and I wanted to win a championship. I ain't even think about no Hall of Fame. I ain't even realize the Hall of Fame till Mark Clear told me in 96, like man, he's like, bro, you could put together a couple more years. You could, you can go to the Hall of Fame. Right? I was like, what? I like they take seventh rounds in the Hall of Fame. They're like, it don't matter what round you get drafted in, they go by production. I was like, okay. That was the first time that I had really even gave a thought. Now mind you, OCHO in 91 we played in the Hall of Fame game.


I went into that very building that my bus resides in. That's, that's dope. Not even thinking they didn't never even, bro, I'm from Glenville, I'm from Savannah State Hall of Fame. Fame, yeah. And Joe Green in the Hall of Fame, Terry Bradshaw, Roger Staubach, the greats are the greats in the Hall of Fame Legends. Yes. But you realize and it's not good enough to make one Pro bowl because hell, anybody could do it once. Yeah. Can you go back when they know you, the guy, when they game plan for your ass Over and over, Can you get, can you become an all pro again when they game planning for you? Yeah.


When you walk to the middle of the field, man, hell of a game. Shark man Ocho Hey man, you gave us that work today, Ocho hey, don't worry about we see your ass again. Yeah. That's what I want. I want, when y'all go in the meeting on Wednesday, I want y'all to circle the eight that tied end of 84. We gotta deal with him. And I I I, I totally agree with AJ because there's nothing like that's what you ocho I never missed the game. I missed the bus rides. The plane rides the bull driving in the locker room in the training room, joking Right in the me You know, meeting room cracking joke. That's what you, because that's what you are never gonna be able to replace ever. You'll never, you'll never. And you look, you're not besties with everybody, but you're not gonna be around 10, 11 guys that y'all laughing and joking back.


You're never gonna be like that again. It's never gonna be like that again, don't you? No. It, it is not. And listen, and, and just, but what you just talked about, about AJ Brown, I've, I've, I've become a little bit more fond of young bull man as of late hearing some of the things he's talked about. I'm not gonna get into detail on it, but his perspective on life and other, other topics that I've seen him speak on. And he's become a, a huge, a huge favorite of mine. Not even the receiver AJ Brown. I'm about the human being person, the husband, the, the, the person he is and values and morals in which he stands in. And I, I never knew that about him.


I never knew it about him because I've never had the opportunity to, to interact with him outside of the game of football. But, right. But hearing him and where he stands, You know, and, and, and his beliefs. I very, very, very admirable from the outside looking in on, on, on what I thought a individual was like, You know, based on what I see on the field, but then who he truly is off the field. Dude, I I, I love dude man, I, I love he real sharp. Yeah. And he got a sharp mind, man. So it was a joy to see him in a different light. And what I expected, based on the football player that I got to watch on Sundays, I, I remember we won the Super Bowl and obviously man ain't nothing like it.


Like I said, we broke the NFC. The NFC had run 14 straight Super Bowls OCHO and to win it and to hold that trophy to actually, to actually be on the field, to have the confetti come down in your colors and you got the trophy. Now think about how many times I've seen the, the Super Bowl winning team go on the field and get that trophy and everybody's looking at it. Now I finally have it. Yeah. Small kid from Glenville, Georgia went to Savannah State and seventh round draft pick and I'm the starting tight end. They pronounce my name and everything and everybody in Glenville said, You know what? I know somebody that actually played in the Super Bowl. As a matter of fact, I probably went to school with him, his brother or his sister.


That was me. Mm. And winning that trophy. There was, that was, that was like, that was, that was at that point in time probably the crowning achievement of my career. And I remember going into the off season and I like, 'cause back then, You know, it was 16 games OCHO and then, You know, yeah. We had to still had the two weeks and so we started playing, I mean we first week, so I think the, I think the Super Bowl was damn near like the end of January. It wasn't, it didn't bleed in February. And I just remember like the off season ocho, I was like man, so I took, I took about an extra week off and got back into it. And I remember when we came back to OTAs and Mike got up in there.


He is like, Hey, congratulations guys, I'm proud of this. I'm proud of you guys. He said, if you wanna be special, you gotta do, do it again. Yeah. There are a lot of teams that one, one in a row. He said, if you want to go, you want to be special, you want to be remembered, we gotta go back to back. And that was the mindset that we adopted. And I remember once to see, we came outta, I mean we had a, we had a great, You know, as a matter of fact we had a great training camp. Everything was great. We had, we were having fun and Mike would put one, like most teams have their schedule up, they're all 16 games.


Right. We put one game at a time. He said this is a 16 round fight. We going one round at a time. Right. Boom, knock the Patriots out. And so we just going down, just checking up, just checking 'em off. Checking 'em off for yo checking them off 13 weeks. 'cause think about it, we won our last, last game. No. Yeah. Won our last two games. Nine, seven. Yeah. Won our last two games in nine, seven, no, last game in nine, seven Beat the Chargers, then we go through the playoffs, win the Super Bowl, then we come out. So we went like 18 straight games. Ojo feeling good. Yeah. Get to the playoffs.


But I agree with everything he said it, there's something about that moment. And when I get on the phone and I talk to Burns or me and Rod Smith calling Foot Feed some of them guys. And man, we just, Hey man, you remember such and so we at the back of the playing Jonie, I mean very few, very few times Ocho do we ever talk about the Super Bowl game itself? Right. We're talking about going to the game. We're talking about on the plane ride back on the bus ride back. Very seldom do we mention anything about the Super Bowl itself. We always talk about the plane ride or man, you remember we got aid man we got snowed in and we had to go get people on snowmobiles to go to Buffalo. We get to Buffalo like 1 30, 2 o'clock in the morning.


Yeah. And we got a one o'clock game. Yeah. Man, I bet that was so much fun. Ain't nothing like that. Ain't nothing like that. And then when you're in it, Ocho Yeah, you don't get to enjoy it. You don't, you don't because you, you're in it and you feel if you enjoy it, it's gonna take you out of that, that mindset of what you need to do to make sure you try to stay in it. So, man, ain't nothing like that. Hey, AJ Brown says he's also upset about the current haircut, haircut, price in the country. Haircut prices are crazy nowadays. I used to pay $20 for a cut, AJ ain't no more 20 By weed.


I used to pay 5 2 50. I hey and, and, and, and I. But you gotta realize though, I'll get haircuts in in the seventies. Yeah. Me and my brother, my grandfather get married, my brother, You know, $4, two to $5. Yeah. Hey, get both of us get a haircut in college. That's all you giving you a teammate. I wish I would play a guy $5 to cut my hair. Boy, you better. What times are different boy? Yeah, time. Oh Ocho, look, I ain't got no problem. You know. Hey good. $60 for a cut. I'm gonna go ahead and tip your forny ocho. Dude, they be wanting 200, 300 to cut Me. Oh man. Listen, it's time.


Listen. Charge $15 for a part, Boy. You know, hang, hold on. You talking about a haircut. $200, boy. Two steaks at the grocery. At the grocery store. What? 43? Yeah. Well you ain't, well guess what? How much are they in the restaurant? $70. So at least you got two. Hey, they gotta make their money up some kind of way. They ain't got no foot. Look, you have to look, look, a lot of times, a lot of times what happens though, Joe is that if an a, if if barbers cut athletes, celebs and entertainers, they wanna live that lifestyle. That's right folks. Well you need to, you need to play pick up a play a sport. You need to act, play an instrument or dance sing or something because you not finna come up on me.


Hey, I grow dreads first. I grow drag. I go Dre, I get twists. I'm not paying no three off for no cut. I don't care if I got 20, 30, 40, 50, 60 million. I'm not paying no three off for no cut. Don't you? I'm not. That's a lot. But just a cut That. Listen, that's a lot. Now, now what we can say is, is about our, but our, but our but our friend not too long ago, who's down here in Miami? Not that kind of service. Yes. Oh boy. I I, I forgot, I forgot his Instagram name. But for that kind of service. Yeah. $300. Now we talking we can, we could, we can Talk. Oh yeah. Okay. You gonna cut it, you gonna die it, you gonna gimme a facial.


Facial and all got, now that I understand now, I'm not gonna get that every time. Right. Not every time, but every so often, You know you got your nice little date night with your girl, you want, you want Yeah. Yeah. Boom. There you go. Now you good? Yeah man, please man. You think I'm gonna let you, you gonna be on my head for cutting my hair for 30 minutes and I'm gonna go give you 300. And then you wanna expect a tip? Tip Who? Tip What? I got a tip. Don't eat egg salary, ride the bus. That would be a terrible experience for everybody. I ain't got that for you Joe. No, but nah, I'm trying to think AJ. Yeah, well I'm saying I think, I'm trying to think.


When I played, how much would I play for a cut? Yeah. I would play about 20, $30. Yeah. Yeah. I played the dude cut my hair. Now he do a good job. I give him a, I give him a a I think he like 45, 50 hours a hair. I give him a hundred. Ain't damn what? Big money. Okay. Yeah. Big money. But he did did do a good job of getting me in because like, like when I was in Atlanta, O your like all my, I I like, I don't like to do, I don't do no walk-ins. I like a standing appointment. So for my nails, my facials right. My haircut, my massage. I would pay at for the, I would pay for the whole year. God damn Pay the whole year.


Because guess what Ocho when I say, when I say hey, I want my time BeMore apt to move somebody to get me in as opposed to them moving me to get somebody else in. You Done already paid everything. Yeah, I Done paid, I done got back. Hey, when you, hey. Yeah, I always did that. Now you, you complaining about me or you 5,200 and you paying for nails, manicures and haircuts. A whole Shit ain't provide the service. What you do? Is you taking your money out my pocket? I Can't, I can't pay 'em. I told him, I said I would, I told the barber I would pay you money but I owe you owe me 5,900 and I can't pay you. I ain't never heard nobody do that. Well you, yeah. Hey you, hey, don't you check this out.


I remember I paid, I had ran out 'cause I get like, so I got this package and that lady runs a special on, on facials. You know if you go ahead and pay you by 12 because I get 'em once a she'll give you 15. I bought the package, got the job at Fox. I, I I I still got some of the books. I I have some of the books, right. I ain't got 'em no more. But yeah, I, but I like that. I I like a steady appointment. They know I'm coming at this time. Hey, when did I go, when did I get my massage? Monday? I used to get massages Monday.


No, Wednesday. Friday. That's my massage. Haircut was Thursday. Nails Thursday. I like that. I like knowing. I, I, I like, I like structure. I like a schedule. I like B on schedule. I think everybody knows that. And I'm gonna be a, and I'm gonna be a and I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be ticked if I come in there and I gotta wait longer than five minutes because You know I'm coming. I've already paid you for this time. Right. So don't, Hey, don't be trying to get a, i I can squeeze you in. Come at 2 45 when You know my appointment's at three oh ocho. Oh, the NFL has a unanimously approved for its players to participate in flag football when the sports makes its debut in 2028 Summer Olympics.


But not everyone is looking forward to NFL's competing on the national stage. Quarterback Darl Whoosh. Doucette has fed the US national team for four global championships and has emerged as one of the biggest ambassadors for the sport. Whoosh hopes he and fellow flag footballers get a fair chance to make the 10 man roster. The flag guys deserve their opportunity. That's all we want. We felt like we worked hard to get the sport where it's at. And then when the NFL guys spoke about it, it was like we're getting kicked to the side. I felt like mm, I was a guy who could speak out for my peers, for my brothers. That's been working hard to get to this level for us not to be forgotten. I agree 1000% with You.


Remember I told you Yes. I first came out, I mean a few shows ago and I talked about NFL players getting the opportunity to play in a Yeah, the owners agreeing. It's okay. I still think, and I I I can stand on this when it comes to do set and those young fellas that play flag football for a living that know all the nuances and the mannerisms on how that game operates. They could be the NFL squad. I'm talking about our best players, our best 10 against their best 10 that do it for a living against those that play in the NFL for a living. Yeah. The flag football team will win because they know the game. They know how to manipulate them. They know how to take it into the game based on the rules that the NFL players don't know much about.


It's different. And I said I'm hoping even though it's a 10 man roster, I would hope it's more than that. So those that actually play the game of flag football get the opportunity to shine as well. So how so so what, so what are they gonna do ojo? So are are, are they gonna, are these guys gonna do anything or are they gonna start like PR playing in the off season playing flag football or they just gonna show up at 28 of oh yeah we got NFL players and s gonna put them on the team. I'm point exactly that and now just doing that is also a di a disservice to the game. Yes. It it does. Just thought you got a big name that doesn't, that doesn't mean we, And it doesn't mean you and It make it looks even worse if you send all those big names over there and they get their ass whipped.


Which is which is what which Is gonna more than likely happen. Yeah, Exactly. Which is why you need those that actually do it, understand the game and know the game and then You know how you can sprinkle in your pieces of of of NFL players that can go out there and athletically be a little bit better than everybody else. But again, those that know the rules will always have an advantage. And he's led him to the quarterback has led him to four global championships. Four. I mean, well damn Nice. He nice too now he nice. I played against him years ago. I forgot what we were, I played against him years ago. Oh he nice. And the whole squad he was playing with he from New Orleans too, if I'm not mistaken. He nice. Yeah.


I, You know, I can see if it was tackle football ocho Well that's different. And the NFL want to put some of their guys kinda like basketball. See basketball is basketball. So when David Stern says, You know what, we're gonna get the, the, we going to make it this a global game and we're gonna take out 10, 12 best players and we gonna let you showcase them. I get that. But there's no correlation between NFL and Flag football. NFL doesn't have a flag football team. Right. So to try to take the game globally, I thought that's what you was doing these, these, these international games for going to Brazil, going to London, going to all these different places.


I thought that's what that was about. Let these people have, let these people have this. Damn. Yeah. The funny thing about when I think people, people especially in the chat are people that's obviously watching are probably gonna see these clips when you think about flag football, they probably think it's, oh you just pull the flags. Oh our players are so fast. But when it comes to the game of competitive, that's the key word, competitive flag football with elites that do it for a living, they will annihilate NFL players. Yes. Well annihilate all the, you can manipulate the game in so many ways offensively it's like, oh it's crazy. The rules that go into it and at what point will the nfl, It's just like flag. I mean you wouldn't ask anybody for flag football. Like, oh yeah, I hope they give us a chance to make the team.


No, you ain't been playing NFL football, you ain't been playing tackle football. Just like these guys that playing tackle football hadn't played flag football since they left elementary school. Let bro you getting enough shine you in the NFL. Let these people have this moment. I, I hope, I hope, I hope they get an opportunity though. I hope they do. O you let them people have the moment OCHO guys you making 30, 20, $30 billion. These guys, I mean they did little bit of money that they making. Let them have a moment. Damn. Yeah, I think I'm, I'm, I guarantee you they they'll be a part, they'll be a part of it.


They'll be a part of it, You know, it's okay for them not to be, it's okay if they not. It's really, it really is. Yeah. I, You know, and I I mean, lemme ask you a question. You were gonna watch it whether the NFL participated or not. Yeah. Are you more apt to watch it now? No, I'm watching it anyway. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, that's my point. Yeah. I don't, I don't think people, You know, and I don't like the fact that they just think, oh, it's flag football. It ain't just flag football, it's competitive flag football. There's a huge difference. It's a huge difference.


Someone said the solution is very simple. The national flag football team versus the NFL Flag football team in the col season Coliseum on July 4th, 2027. Winner goes to the Olympics. Well, well hell, well the flag football team would be going to the Olympics. Yeah. You can't just on that. We, I'm and I and I'm I'm telling you, I'm telling you with the best NFL players, pat Mahomes, the quarterback chasing Justin net receiver On Lamar Jackson. Their quarterback probably Lamar. Yeah. Okay. Lamar quarterback, they're going to lose to do set in whatever team he comes up with, whatever 10 they have. I guarantee you and I put one of my savings accounts on it, just hypothetically speaking, I'm, I'm telling you.


Yeah. And if people look at people, look at Lamar Jackson, what he's able to do on the NFL field on a Sunday or what Jamar Chase Triple Crown winner does on a Sunday or Justin Jefferson who can't be cup man. It's different. It's very different. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


This is an iHeart podcast.