
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts, also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC,


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom YaMmas is there For us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom YaMmas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yiannis evenings on NBC.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards in Nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


The volume ML football released their top 10 receivers in the two thousands. Number one, Randy Moss. Number two to number three, Marvin Harrison. Number four, big game, Tory Holt. Number five, The greatest entertainer of all time. Chad Ocho, Seco Johnson. Number six, highs Ward number seven. Steve Smith, senior number eight, Reggie Wayne. Number nine, Reverend Knight. Isaac Bruce.


Number 10, Anquan Bolder. Hold on. What year did, hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We Larry Fitzgerald. Hey. Well, yeah, listen. Now that Calvin Johnson, Hold on. Hold on. They, and there, there was an argument about this earlier, earlier, all day on, on Twitter, obviously on my timeline because I said, hell f that. Take me out and put Andre Johnson. Now I think also I love, I love Van Quan, what he did for the game. But at some point, captain Johnson has to be on there somewhere as well. What about Larry Fitzgerald in Larry Fitzgerald? He just got the third boat catches and put slow.


I Said Larry Fitzgeral has to be there as well. But then people said it is the two thousands. So the two thousands, I think Megatron only got maybe three years. 'cause I think he ca he came in and came and I forgot what year he got drafted. I think he came in. He only had three years of How many years? How many years? Who, who? Three years was l Fitzgerald behind Anquan. Because I think, I think, I think Fit was like one year behind Anquan. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's some mother shit. Derrick Mason. Derrick. Derrick Mason should be on there too. Now. I don't think people understand D Mason putting some work, Man.


What that man Julio Jones at, man, We talking about two thousands though. Julio came, Anquan was 2003. Then. What you saying Julio wasn't in 2000? Nah, I think Ju No, Julio came in 20 20 11. 2011. Him and AJ Green. Yeah. Ah, ah, Mm. Yeah. I, I, I like, I I like it. I like it. I should have, I should have been hired though. I should, matter of fact, I, I should. Who? Okay. Who? You, who you, who are you replacing? You replacing Mos to Marvin or Tory Ho?


Like just off entertainment alone. I'm number one. Who you were taking out. I'm gonna Put, I just told you. So you gonna put you in the swing. You know when, when we talk about numerical order, right? Doesn't everything start with zero? No, it starts with one. Okay. But before one is zero. Who Zero is at the bottom, zero at you ain't zero. You don't wanna be zero. Zero. So it is me then, then to then Moss, then whatever order you wanna do, You know zero is a negative number. Right. Hey, listen, I, I was, I okay, I, I, I, I was gonna have a quick comeback, but I missed it.


Oh yeah. I I Think you, I Think you wanna be So if we, Hey, so we gotta take, we gonna take out, nah, we Ain't. Hell nah. Hell boy, we ain't taking off your board. That's why. That's why. Hey, listen, that's Why, That's why I specifically said entertainment and fun, value only. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm at the top. That's it. That, Hey, that was a good list. I'm very fortunate enough that I, I was, I saw all these guys. Yeah, I saw all these guys. Randy to Marvin played against Randy. I don't, I never played against to played against Marvin.


Played against Ho, played against ocho. Hey, hey, hey. Think Was Hinz on. That was hands on. When did Hines get Hin was on that team in 98. Hey. Hey. I know he was on that team in, in 2001. Hey, I tell Joe what I did to y'all when we played y'all. Huh? That's what I was gonna, nothing lost. Hold on. I who had the big game? What I did, what I did to y'all when we played y'all? Huh? I don't, I wasn't there. Was there you talking about in Baltimore? Yeah, When we played y'all, what I did to you. I think, I Think you might have had like three, four catches. Come On man. But, and how many tds, How many catches did OCHO have in 2001 up? Yeah, because we beat the hell up. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get Hey, pull them numbers up.


Ash. There wasn't no Hyundai, that's for sure. 2000. What? That was my rookie here. That's okay. You was on there. Target, like you had two. Yeah. I Mean that's I bet how much I had Ash. Ash, Ash. How much I had. What do you have, Ash? 55, 60 yards? I Had about about two 30. No, you didn't play the Baltimore game Against it. Yeah, I did. Yeah. I Think you might have caught a touchdown against us in 2002. I Sure did. That's what I was doing. I catching That was at Denver then.


But we beat hell out y'all. Oh, You were gone. Oh, Joe, you had seven targets. Three. Catch it for 28 yards against us. It was bonus. What I have, what I have, Ash. Hey, that boy was skating out there. Huh? What Against Baltimore? A pocho. You do realize, Ocho you didn't, you, y'all didn't even score. You didn't Hold. I ain't score. It was zero. Y'all had zero again since you like zeros. Y'all had that on Hold on. What year? This was 2001. I played. Yep. Seven targets, three catches, 28 yards.


What I have, I know I had me a tub, a sweet tub go up to the Other five catches. I ain't catch 'em. Well, hey, something wrong with Yeah, because I, Well, first of all, you had, that was four targets. I mean, 'cause I said you had seven targets. You had three catches, so it wasn't five. You and math didn't do too good. That was four. You didn't catch. Oh no, I, no, I ain't drop no balls now. That's one thing I ain't do. I ain't drop the money. I ain't, I ain't drop the money. My hand ate on my hands was like glue. You hit me Have a tub. Oh, I score In 2001. Oh, that was 2000. Oh. I had three targets, three catches, 32 yards or so. So you see the difference? Three car gets three catches. Well, You play. Yeah.


Hold on, hold on. You gotta understand what defense I was going against. This was the Baltimore Ravens now. Like I ain't really, I ain't really get y'all scared to beat. No, No, no. You didn't. You didn't, you didn't get the 2000 basic Ravens defense. You got the old Ones the same thing. Y'all wasn't missing too many pieces. Now. Y'all wasn't missing to any. Oh, what'd he do? What'd he do the second time? Because that was the home game. I think there. What'd he do? Because I think he had a touchdown. He might have had a touchdown. The, the, the second time we played was Beat. Every time I played all them a score. Now that's what I'm gonna do. No, you didn't. You had little 28 measly yards. You ain't even have the first down the catch. That's My rookie year. They were just introducing me to y'all. You know when you first meet somebody, Joe?


Yeah, I know what you mean. Who y'all, they, they didn't wanna get, they didn't wanna put me out. Oh, Joe, the first time y'all played, you had one target no Catches. Yeah. And that's it. Oh, You know what? Because see that's my rookie year. So they ain't really introduced me to y'all. Oh. That was the second time. That was in Atic way. What happened? What happened that game? What happened? What I did? What I did? Yeah. Yeah. I had eight. I had 12 targets. Eight catches. Eight. Okay. We talking about you had one target no catches. You got, he was out that bull Jing. Hey, what year, what year was that? 2001? The year You asked my Rookie year.


What that got. Okay. What I did after that though. What I did after that, I don't know. I wasn't there. I was in Denver. Now you wanna say what we did in Denver? We played y'all in 2002. What? But I did you in Denver. Yeah, I know. I know. I, I know you lost. I did know, I knew that. I don't know what what the numbers, but you lost. Hey, what my numbers look like, Ash. What I did in di Yeah. I Think you caught a touchdown against not damn right. I Think you caught a Touchdown against. That's what I do. I catch touchdowns, But we beat y'all. Okay. We talk about from an individual standpoint. I can't control, I can't control the team. No. Regular season. We played in 2003. Yeah. Yeah. What I did then, what I did then, because, hey, by the time 2003 came, Joe, like I had fully arrived.


Like I, I was like, I knocked the, so, okay, What was it, what'd he do? Because that was car. I think that that was Carson. The year Carson was trapped. Yeah. 2003. Hey. Hey. What year did you change your name though? To ocho? What? I Forgot. I think maybe 2007. I I just wonder If you'd have played the Baltimore Ravens in 2000. Would've made him change it back. Hey, hey Joe. Listen, I changed my name simply for marketing and branding purposes only. That's all you. Oh, 2000 ocho. You had 10 targets, six catches, 95 yards in a touchdown. That was me. That was me. All right. You know what, what would the, what would this, what happened? What would this go, Ash?


30 to 10. Would the score O ocho one boy, stop. Hold on. First. All, I was the only one that score. Yes. And it was late in the game when you scored. It don't matter long as I got in there sometimes. Hey, look, sometimes, sometimes you gotta, when you go on a date, sometimes you don't, You know, you get the first base. Sometimes you get the second Beat. The first. That's all right. Hey Joe, I don't wanna tell nobody, but we had to call the dogs off. He scored with a minute left in the ball game. They was still throwing. Yeah. You ain't had no choice but to throw. I don't know what you had, you had a choice. You had four quarters and you had time to do something before then.


We beat the brakes up. Joe, You still, You still celebrating on that? Oh yeah. Nah, no, no, no. I listen, one thing I always did, Joe, is I never celebrated, never did a celebration. If we were losing, only if we were to tie the game or we scored first, or was it to go up? I, yeah, I, yeah, I didn't, I ain't play like that. Well, you ain't do no celebrating against my, on the teams. I though that Ocho. Man. You lucky. Listen, you lucky we didn't cross path like at the same time like you would use on the back end. And I was coming in. If I played during your era, like during, man, I would've sauce your ass up, bro. Boy, Ocho, I was like, oh, I, I'm good for having tubs against Cincinnati.


Kevin, You have to understand. You have to understand. We played what, 2000 dropped two. What? What did we do in 2000? This before you got there, Ocho, this before you got there. We beat the break. Yeah. You have to understand how bad Cincinnati was back then. You gotta understand that, Joe. That, that, that's not fair. So Y'all defense still suspect. I mean, y'all got some great offense players with a, with Joe and, and Chase and Higgins. But ugh, that defense. Damn, only that nail only had one cast though. Damn. Oh my bad. Ocho, we beat y'all.


37 0 in 2000 was going twice. I was going twice. I already know that. I like, I don't like that. As a matter of fact, I Mo Daryl Williams. Mo. Hey D Hey d. Wil could hit boy. Not me. He tackle be the end zone. He had the smell to the though. I'll make smell to the joke. They gonna smell to the, because the rapper gonna do that. I had about four catches. I had about four catches. About 50 yards. Two tubs.


Huh? Man, Not in Cincinnati. In 2000. No, you talking about that's the first game we was Touchdown. The first game hit him with like a two yarder. Yeah. Was bad. What was the game in Cincinnati? We were bad. The 37. Nothing. That's when they knocked a Kely Smith. That's when Rob Burnett hit Achilles Smith and knocked him outta the game. Y'all about had like 40 yards. That game. The hell. You see I caught two touchdowns. That game in 2000 I did play. Yeah, it is. It is in 2000.


Yeah. Let me let Lord have mercy. See what I'm saying? Ass try to shortchange me. My numbers joke. Shit. Talking about I ain't play. That's one thing I'm gonna know Ravens. October 20. Okay, Well listen, Get 'em right man. Let 'em know, huh? Yeah, as tried to shortchange me, we beat him 27 7 Shannon Sharpe seven for 66.


66 in two touchdowns. Against who? The Ravens. I ain't play y'all in 2000. That was, that was when, as a matter of fact, that's when Cory Dill ran, wrote the record against the Broncos. He ran for 2 75. 'cause the 2 76. 'cause the record was Walter Payton 2 75. Who broke O J's record like 2 73. But now don't worry about it. No, Joe. Hey. What? Hey, I was That boy. But hey Joe, you missed this.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from, I do part two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with Future Health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's Future health without the e.com. Future health weight Loss data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get Premium Wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options, available. Taxes and fees. Extra se full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms, apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Sargento, cheese slices, Hellman's mayonnaise, lays party size, chips and snacks and trikes. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Sequan, Barclay's Iconic reverse hurdle is the cover of the Madden NFL Six. I didn't let Sequ, huh? That's why I'm in Philly. This is the second, hold on. This is the second straight year a running back has been on the cover. Krista McCaffrey being the athlete on Madden NFL 25. That sparked the debate of the infamous Madden Curse once more. This is the first time a member of the Jacksonville Jag has been on the cover of a Madden. I'll bet. As a person being hurdled. Damn. Hey, the person getting hurtled. Hey, he got to be upset about that boy. He got be upset about Oh yeah, he, he, he immortalized, he made the cut like that's like that Jordan push off Ocho.


Wait, the Russell? Yeah. Don't want no push off. He just, he just guided him a little bit out the way. Well he only, he that that's what he guided him. That's forever. Yeah, It it is, it is. I just left Quan this place. He just, we were at Gino's Steakhouse tonight and they turned it into Quan Gino Cheese steak. It was really, really, really, really dope event. I was able to congratulate Quan on being the cover athlete. And we talked about The Madden Curse. Josh Allen was on the cover, didn't get hurt When, Not, not too long ago, Josh. A couple of years Ago. Yeah, he didn't get hurt. Patrick Mahome was on the cover previously. He didn't get hurt.


So I think Saquon is safe. There have been players that have, that have had small injuries and nothing too. We missed a lot of time. So I think we, we gotta do it with the whole Madden Curse thing. And Saquon is one that take care of his body. Doesn't really get hurt much. He has in the past, but recently he hasn't been hurt. I think he's gonna be all right. And I honestly think there's a good chance that they might repeat. But being, being that the commanders have gotten better, being that Dallas has gotten better, You know, obviously adding George Pickens. I'm from an offensive standpoint and I'm not sure how they would look defensively. I'm excited, I'm excited to see what that N-F-C-N-F-C West look like.


Man, Ocho y'all was good. God, y'all was terrible. Ocho y'all had 174 total yards that game. But what year? Where Year was that? 2000. That's What they weren't throwing me the ball. Huh? You wasn't even there. Oh yeah. I wasn't there yet. You better be glad you weren't There. I mean, if, if I was, if the the outcome would've been different, I could tell you that. No, it wasn't. You should be out, you to be out there raising hell when that ball don't come your way. I think I might have maybe two instances like that. One, it was a playoff game. We were playing the Steelers. When Carson went down, I was very frustrated.


So you have to get your production from somewhere. When a quarterback of that magnitude playbook, the playbook changes significantly when the second quarterback comes in. So at that point now I'm feeling, put me in positions to make up for not having him in. Right. And we weren't able to do that because we were playing the Steelers and the Steelers that year. That oh five year that defense. That defense Joe. Oh my God. So I just wanted to be, I wanted them to stop allowing them to dictate what we wanna do. Let's dictate. Right. Y'all were gonna do nothing. So Outside of that, I, I was really frustrated, Joe, that that was one time in, it was another time.


Oh, same game Joe. I got, I got mad in the same game game. Where? Well, that the, that was the one you was acting a fool in, in, in the locker Room. Yeah, that's what I just told you. Yeah. Hey, Joe, boy. I See now. I could have said something. See, I knew about this, but I ain't put him out there, Joe. At that time I was on ccb s and the word that came back to me, We got, you got, we got. I say, You Know what, You know, I'm not one of those. I, I don't have any problems. You know, unc, You know, like the balls coming. I be, I'll be chilling Joe. Just that game, the magnitude of the game and you allowing them to dictate to us what we wanna do. You thought y'all was going to the Super Bowl? I promise you.


Hey Joe, all I needed was the ball. Joe didn't put him in the hand, Joe. And listen, I wasn't, I wasn't one of those guys that catching 120 and 130 passes a season. 90. Do you gimme three or four balls a game? I'm good because two of them, oh, I'm finna get jiggy. I'm get jiggy. I don't even whole bunch of catches shit. Oh, Joe, since we stay on the Bengals, your quarterback Joe Burrow, who has 4,918 passing yards led the league 43 touchdowns led the league, said the Bengals would've made the playoff last year. If he had played better. If I had played even better, we wouldn't have been in the spot where we were in. Well that we were in. I just gotta focus on getting better myself.


And I feel like everyone in the locker room field the same way. If I go out there and play better than I did last year, then it doesn't matter what goes on anywhere else. I like That. I'm glad he took that. It's my Quarterback Joe played. Well it's not quarterback, it was just, he had some constantly turnovers at the most inopportune times. And You know, when you playing catch up Ocho Or You got the lead. Yeah, because that Baltimore game, the first time that y'all played their ocho, y'all had a lead and he had some costly, he had a costly, he had a couple of costly turnovers. Yeah. I, I like, I I I love Joe. I like, I I that You know what, as the leader, that's what you're supposed to. You Gotta say that. You gotta say, and not very many will do that.


Not bare many will do that. You know what I, I don't like that Joe said, I don't like that he said he's tired of playing at the Ravens home field in primetime games. 'cause I I, for me as a competitor, I love playing away Ravens, Steelers, Browns matter of fact, hell, I like playing away just in general. Especially prime time. You mean the, I get to be in a chaotic environment and the whole world is watching. I like that. But for some reason, so I, I just, I don't, I don't like that he said that. 'cause it makes me feel as if he has an issue playing the ravens in general. I I mean the, It's like, hey, let, let us get one more, let us get one of the more prime time.


I mean, say you don't mind having the Bengals in prime time. Let them come to us in prime time. Listen, I I wouldn't care. I like, I like, I like being prime time and playing in Baltimore. So I'm finna send me, I'm finna send you home with a lost and everybody gotta see, I mean I'm, I'm looking at it. I look at it differently. Colorado Coach, coach Prime said he was hurt by reports that said his son Shadu was unprepared during the pre-draft meetings with the NFL teams. But he also isn't bind the validity of them either. It did hurt. But the Bible says God uses the foolish thing to confound the wises. There are some foolish stuff that went on, but that gave them something that they needed.


Like that edge that Tom Brady had, it gave them that edge that you had. It gave them the edge that you have. Folks said we weren't gonna be nothing, but we had to prove, prove them. Prove. Have you had to prove that it gave them that edge that needed both of them. When you sit up there and say something like, he went into the meetings unprepared. Like dude, Shado Sanders, who has had six different offensive coordinators who has, has still function at a level. Every time we brought somebody in new and you're going to tell me he was unprepared. You're going to tell me he had on headphones. Anybody that knows, my sons understand. He's professional. He's going to go into the meeting with the headphones on. Y'all. Come on now. They said I, I knew a bull jive. I knew they were shucking and jiv when they said it, when the report came out.


Because when you going to a meeting like that with execs, with the higher level, higher level folks at an organization, you go in there a certain way, you ain't gonna hang you your phones on. Yeah. You're gonna be prepared. You know your coach and your father has already prepared you for that moment anyway. So what are we talking about? I, You know what, I bet they did ocho he probably had the headphones riding that. Yeah. And they told like he had 'em on. I bet you thats what they need. But You know, they gonna change it up when they come out. You know, the story gonna come out. Pretend like they had Just said, You know what guys on our draft board, we didn't have him rated that high. We moved on. But to try to, to try to diminish the man to try to come up with every excuse like he's unprofessional.


Like, oh, he or, or, or he had, You know, his braggadocios what? And look who cares. Y'all know they probably critiqued him a little a lot harder than they did. Of course they did. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, of course, of course. And for all I know is somebody threw, threw those 4,000 yards. All I knew is somebody had those 34, 35, 30, however many touchdowns he threw for somebody did that. Yeah. Somebody inherited a one in 11 or one in 10 Fran team and within two years they had won nine games and they were in a bowl game. All I know he was the quarterback. I know Jackson State was better with him than they were before he got there.


Speed U was better with him than they were before he got there. Now if he doesn't fit your program ojo, if somebody doesn't fit your program or doesn't fit you, it's okay. You don't have to say anything negative about said person relationship or anything if they're not for you. Okay. Yeah. But you ain't gotta try to, you ain't gotta try to dog them out to try to prep yourself up. You ain't had to do that to that man. Honestly, when it comes to the quarterback position, especially that team specifically when it comes to picking quarterbacks, I mean they been missing for a very long time anyway. They ain't picked nobody since cli. So they, So whoever said that and, and the Browns, y'all ain't did much better.


Let's be real. Y'all hadn't, y'all really hadn't had a quarterback since test tester verdict since Coza in the supplemental draft in 84. Hey look, I think this is gonna be good for him though. Like I said, I just, the little stuff that I've seen Uncle Ocho, it seemed like, You know, he got his head down and he working man, he got his, that's All you can do. I know that's it. And I think that's a good thing for him. I know I'm pretty sure he hears the whispers, but he keep his, he keep his head down and keep working man. Good things gonna happen for him. 'cause the talent is, the talent is there. It's oozing, it's oozing out of him. So, man, just keep going bro. Anybody that's going through adversity understands this Ocho I was seven round draft pick.


They said I was gonna go somewhere between round one and three and I looked at all them guys that went before me and a lot of guys that I had played with in the bowl game. Yeah. I went to, I went to the East, west Shrine game. I was one of the few division two guys that went to the, that went to the bowl. I went to the blue gray game back then. They used to have a blue gray game OCHO that played on Christmas Day. Right. I was the only division two guy and if I'm not mistaken, black college guy and that one it was in Montgomery, Alabama, Cole. Then I go to the east west Shrine game. I really wanted to play the East west Shrine game because my brother played in that game and not a whole lot of brothers combination played in, in in bowl games. And so, and to see them guys, I'm like, man, you went to this place, you went to that place bro.


You have been the second, the second or third receiver at Savannah State. I'm being, You know, no y'all, I'm being real. Right, right. And I'm like, I, I'm just remember thinking like, I remember calling my bro Spank, I'm better all these dudes here. I said I'm better than all them. I said hell if I, they, when we play tight end, I can play tight end and I'm better than all these dudes right here draft come along, I go see him. You know, we go combine on you. You know, you run the line and You know you catching and all that stuff. Hey, we ain't got no technique coach, yo. I'm just out there just raw talent knowing if somebody give an opportunity, like somebody like okay, teach me how to run routes. Okay, this foot up, this foot back. Okay. You know, 10 row to 12 drop, You know. Okay.


I suspect, man, all them dudes I saw go back and look at the wide receivers in my draft. Look at the tight end of my draft. Oh, I, oh and every time I played against them word. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. For sure. They needed to know, oh, y'all got little extra dollars, but y'all ain't gonna make money as long as me. Right. Because y'all about to be up outta here. So hopefully ur like I said, there's a immense pressure because if his last name is there, I had, look, I came in two years after my brother, my brother was the first team off when I got drafted.


My brother was first team off throw that year. He, he led the league in catches and yards. No catches and touchdowns, no yard. Yo. He led the league in catches and yards. So, man, man, that's man, what, why he, why, why he go to Savannah state, man? Why he ain't no high draft pick. Don't worry about that. You about to see, So, but I, I just don't, don't don't, y'all ain't gotta lie on the man. If y'all don't, if you don't want something Ocho let's just say okay, you go to a restaurant, okay?


You ain't gotta, if, if you didn't like, if you don't like what they have, you ain't gotta say the restaurant bad without trying it. Just say what? They didn't have anything on the menu that I liked. Right. Cool. Man. It was, man it was dirty. Service was this and man, the, the, the, the, the, the waitress, You know she gave me your attitude. I asked for extra some water this and she kissing her teeth. Come on. You ain't gotta do all that, man. They really didn't have anything on the menu that I like. So, but hey, okay cool. Move it along. But to try to do this to the man, come on now. You know one thing, this was a blessing in disguise.


Hey Joe, you and I both said it. It ain't, it ain't, it ain't how high you go. It's working though. What you do when you get it And what you do when you get there, that's it. But look, he, look, his dad is prepared him for this. He guess what, he's been Deon Sanders son as long. It hadn't been, he hadn't been anything but that funny about it. So the criticism has always been there. Always, Which is why he gonna be all right. He been dealing with adversity and obstacles for a long time. Very a long time. Yeah. So this is nothing new. I just, I just hate, I just hate O Joe. When, when people do stuff like that, Joe, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, like I said, if, if, if, if you, if you don't think he fits your culture, say that Cool.


I got no problem with that. I ain't saying draft anybody that you don't think can be beneficial, but you don't have to come up with these excuses just said, Hey, we didn't have him, we didn't have him rated that high. We thought he was a day two selection. Cool. Ain't got no problem with that on y'all. Yeah. Got no problem whatsoever. But it's the, oh, the arrogance and You know the brashness and the jewelry guys have NIL deals guys making three, four, $5 million now. Ain't nobody broke like we was when we came outta school. It's a lot different. Hell yeah, But they gonna, they gonna criticize and scrutinize to the, to the highest man.


Yeah. I mean what, what he, what he making four, $5 million in NIL money. Yeah. So yeah, you going, he gonna have a color in it. He gonna have a, a Lambo or whatever else he had out there. Hell, I went to school. I I said he had a pickup truck. You had a pickup truck? I had A pickup accustomed deluxe. Hey I had a URA Integra a little hash. Yeah. See Hey that thing get on the road and had no problem. I got on that freeway, it was stick shift aunt, Hey, hey, you like, you like you like manual man, listen. So going to my sophomore year, my auntie was like, you can come get my car. 'cause she worked at a car rental place so she drove a different car every day.


So I'm like, hey, who? I get over there to get the car some stick shift. I'm like man, I can't drive no stick. You learned quick though, did you? I called my uncle, my uncle Tracy, he came over there and we drove around Twin Lakes. It's a neighborhood. We drove around the neighborhood for like 30 minutes. Uncle Ocho. Then I got on the freeway, shout out the Fairview two and a half hours. What? Didn't know nothing about no stick shield. Boy. Hey, because see when you get on the highway then you cool. It's when you get in there traffic off the freeway and had that, that city traffic. When you got a dial got you got a dial shield. Mm. It took me about the whole, it took me about a good two weeks before I could figure out how to get around up. And, and then you gotta understand where the clutch of the break is.


Hey look, hey, once you get the hang of it, it's a, it's, yeah, it's nothing. Once you get the hang of it. But boy, to start off it's tough. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. You like that thing cut off on you in traffic too. They blowing. Hey Joe, they blowing. Alright, alright. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. I had a whole lot of that. Hey, see I grew up on a farm so You know, driving a tractor, but the gl gears are slower so you hey you ain't ain't nobody behind you on the damn field. So you get to that road. Hey. So I I, I kind of knew my brother had that M three. I'll never forget M 1988 he got a M three. Was it 88?


80 87? It was 87. 'cause we were still at the old house. Man. He dropped it off. Said man, hey, I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you drive it for a little while. You let me know when you want me to come back and get it. I ain't even Joe. I ain't even tell him I ain't know how to drive. No. Hey, I learned how to drive over three man. I got out there. Hey, my sister say teach me. I say Uhuh, I'm trying to learn myself, man. Hey, after about probably like you said a couple hours. Yeah. Oh, I was woo.


Hey that was me. Boy. Listen, after you learn how to ship him gears, it's a wrap. It's a wrap. NASCAR way he would coming through that thing. Oh man. And then I was in college. He dropped the Porsches off. He's like, Hey man, You know, Hey Flo around. Ooh, you ain't gotta tell me that. You around here. No, I drop a convertible. A Porsche 9 39 11 slant. No. Good enough. Huh? The volume.


Hey, this Is Jenny Garth from, I do part two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health weight Loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 24th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Keebler cookies, Popsicle frozen treats, smart water, silk almond milk, Folger's coffee, and carry gold butter. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank NA, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh relieve PF extra lubricant eye drops, offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes. Refresh relieve of PF extra includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find refresh online or in the eye drop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


This Is an iHeart podcast.