
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip, or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


Tired of Restless Nights at Lisa, They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and one hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Now you done fired the coach. You done demoted the officer coordinator. Well, the defense gave up 31. Well, you know the offense is allowed to score more than six. Absolutely, because that's the one thing I like about football. It's not like when you play one on one, you play make it, take it. I make a basket, I get to take it back out again. Now in football, I score touchdown, I kick it off. You can score two. But they they they, they they not gonna have. They gonna, they ain't gonna have nobody. Ain't nobody, nobody else to fire. Ain't nobody else to blame. You fired Sah. See, the thing is like, you gotta be careful. You gotta be careful when you do things for the wrong reasons. See, a lot of, a lot of this has to do, and a lot of this has to do with him being mad at the Packers for drafting Jordan Love.


So I'm gonna go show you that. I still got something left. Yeah, If you're not ocho you've heard me say it a lot. If you're not careful, you'll become the best thing. You despise the most of a person. The guy that preceded him, what did he do? He got mad because they took a quarterback. And where did he go first when he left Green Bay? Same thing. Same, same thing. I mean, Deante Adams had 13 targets. He caught six passes for 31 yards.


Damn. He probably thinking I could've stayed where I was, did exactly this and kept, I pay the state income tax in Jersey or New York, wherever. It's about 10%. I pay nothing. 10. And the state income tax in New York, new Jersey's gotta be like 10%. 10. Who? I ca I ca I'll catch, I'll catch all the end of my career. I'll pay you back later. What State Jersey is? 10.75, almost 11 because he stays in Jersey so we don't have to do New York, but he stays in Jersey. Nobody stays in the city. New York's 11.


So he's playing 10 on that 10, 10.75%. That's Crazy. Well, you know how high that is. Yeah. How did giraffe hoo-ha. But here's the thing, Ocho, that's the thing. You just think, see what Peyton and because remember when Pey got to Denver, they went 13 and three. They won like seven, eight games in a row, had the number one seed. Baltimore did come in and knock him off in the division. Round. Peyton finished second in the MVP voting. The next year they go to the Super Bowl, Peyton, they break all the records. Peyton over 5,400 passes of yards.


NFL record 55 touchdowns, NFL record, go to the Super Bowl the following year. Peyton throws 39 touchdowns. We see what Tom does his first year there. So we like, hey, they do it. You respect Aaron. Those are two natural born leaders. Natural people gravitate towards him. So you, you don't see Aaron as a leader, huh? I mean, just your own personal opinion out outside of the dumb All I all I know is what what what I've, what I've read what I've read with coaches.


Oh, okay. I see what you mean. Not coaches. Excuse me. What I've read when the reports about the the CEO Yes sir. Mark Murphy. Aaron, don't you be the problem. They don't consult with him. They didn't consult with him when they hired, they didn't consult with him when they let somebody go. Damn. The mere fact of how he does things when, well, Mike Williams. Oh, I was expecting Mike Williams to do this and he redlined and he, he he was supposed to redline. He got, bro, why would You do that? Yeah, you can't throw, you can't throw your play under the bus.


Why would you do that? Name the time you've ever heard Peyton Manning name the time you've ever heard Peyton or Tom Brady. Because this is the guy that he wants to be in the category with. When, if Tom Brady ever throw somebody under the, when does Peyton Manning ever throw somebody bell? Eat it. He got every time Bell eat it and then have the conversation with the guys. Like, look, you know I was expect you to be on the red line. Right? Not run the end cut. Yeah. Every chance he get, what does he do? You saw him in Green Bay? Yeah. Hey, speaking of Mike being on the red line, you know they had that exact same play today, Mike. Oh, Mike had just had that exact same play today with the cover zero. And the corner was sitting there squat, waiting on the slant, waiting on pass real quick, Bro.


Ocho, you can't stand that far inside. You can't give a receiver that release to let him just run straight up The field. And he steer, he's standing the inside, which made it even worse And, and pushed him further the Inside. Yeah. That was a good play. That was a good play by Mike. These guys here? Yeah. Ocho These guys are too good if you don't put hands on them. Oh, but see, remember it was covered zero. So he was off. Huh? Remember he he was sitting, he was sitting, he was sitting off. Yeah. Yes, But Ocho you can't be that far inside. He was tripping Because if he, if think about it, you already two yard inside. If he stem you inside, now you gonna be three to four.


You give that guy so much area to just throw the ball and rust. Throw as good a deep ball as everybody I call, like they called it a little moon ball Right down in. You got no chance to recover. I don't care how fast you is. No, no. You can't come from that. And you give, he give him a big target because he got all this to drop it over. He can't, he ain't gotta drop it down what we call trying to, he don't have to drop it down at chimney. I got a big old radius that I can throw it into. I can throw it here, I can throw it here. I can let you catch it over here because I'm not worried about the d the DB is, is so far behind. And then if I throw it over his shoulder, I can use my body ocho he gotta come through me to break the play up.


Yeah. But I, I, I don't think it, I don't, I don't, I don't know. Maybe Jeff's fans are surprise, but I'm not. I hell, I'm surprised, honestly. I thought, I thought, I thought things would've been different. I was giving Aaron Rogers his praise for what I felt he was gonna be able to do on the field. I didn't really care about the stuff he was doing off of it. You know, do whatever the hell you want to off of it. But I'm think He be, he has, I'm expecting him to look like maybe not the Aaron Rogers, the bold, just gimme 50% of that gimme 50 50, 60% of the old Aaron Rogers. And I thought, you know the Jets, they gonna be on one. They gonna be, Well he talking about ca he talking about cayenne water, lemon.


Who's That? How'd that work out for him today? Cayenne? Yeah, cayenne water, cayenne pepper, water and lemon. Oh, it's the fountain of you even had to even had to kick in the drill the field go, oh yeah, this thing is working bro. That stuff don't work. Look, I understand all that cleanse. And you go to these holistic places and they give you all that stuff. That I get it. I ain't never heard no cayenne. I I know about the porch. Cayenne, Cayenne, cayenne pepper. They put cayenne pepper and they put water, lemon. I mean, what, what did, what did what, what was he had? And you talking about it's the, I've discovered the five 10 of you, bro. Clearly you don't watch yourself play because ain't nothing useful about you.


Ain't nothing I, I'm not breaking any new Chad. Do y'all think there's anything youthful about Aaron Rogers play? Does he cayenne peppery water? Does he move like he once did? Hell no. Absolutely not. Bryce Young got the job during Germany. O Joe against the giant Giants currently holding the number one pick in the NFL draft Ocho should, the giant draft should do. Yeah. I tweeted that earlier. Prime ain't gonna let That happen. I tweet, I tweeted that earlier today. Prime ain't gonna let that happen. You don't think so? Nope. Has, have the Giants ever drafted a black quarterback before? Hell no. Hell no.


Hell no. Hey, the way you said it, that, that was funny. Bryce Jones, 15 or 25, 1 26 a touchdown. Cuba Hubber had an outstanding day. 28 rushes a buck 53 and a touchdown. They ran the ball 32 times for a buck 88. Daniel Jones was 22 of 37, 1 90 and two interceptions. But it was Tracy that fumbled in overtime that led to the game winning field by the Carolina Panthers. He hurt. Yeah, you hurt. Oh yeah. Wow. Oh yeah. And they talking about, you know, they gonna evaluate the quarterback position for evaluate what?


Ooh. Huh. Yeah, they're talking about they gonna evaluate it. They, they, they're, they're open to making changes at the quarterback. It's too late now. Y'all might as well go and stick with Daniel Jones. You know, he's saying that to save his job. Huh? He can't save it. And so now Wait here. You might as well make a change. Who, who's the backup? Tyro? No, Tyro at the Ty. Roddy. Yeah, Jeff. Right. I got the wrong New York team. I'm tripping. No, Ojo. It's you might as well just, you, you know what you got. Look. Might As well put pull. Hey, who well pulling. Hey, you talking about you evaluating them? You wanna give yourself a chance to win a chance to do something?


I mean, who's the back, who's the backup in New York anyway? Who's the backup quarterback? It's somebody known too. Drew Locke, right? Drew Locke? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean, look, they, they gamble. Hey, hey gm. How that looking now Guys, You can run the ball fairly well. I mean, Porter Junior runs the ball really well. Single Jerry, he gets your quarterback. No team's good enough to overcome Poor quarterback play.


Not for, not now. You might win a game or two. 'cause we saw tonight Jerry Golf turned the ball over five times and his team came back. But You, but you other teams don't have that kind of high power octane offense either. No. No they don't. The Giants currently hold the, the number one pick. I, I stay in that position. But they have a new coach last year. Dak Prescott is planning to undergo season ending. Damn on partially torn hamstring ending, gonna opinion of one final specialist special sheer added that Dak will meet with the specialist in New York. But the Cowboys doctor already believed he needs surgery that would sideline him four to four months.


The Cowboys did not place Dak on Injury Reserve today. Training away. Hold on. Trading away a fourth round pick four days before it comes out. Did your quarterback hold on? That that does make it even more egregious because you knew Dak was injured and you traded for, but anyway, I don't care That Mingle has two years left on his deal. Completely insane price. If you know the season is probably over. That's what Dave Hellman. Hey. Hey. Jerry said he was going to re get a receiver. He said he would say he was going to get a receiver. Do what? He went and got one. He went and got one. Listen, we he do what?


See, we gonna see tomorrow. We gonna see tomorrow. I hope, I hope Dak has, I hope Dak he heals fast. I hope he heals fast. You know, scratch. It's over. It's off the he Healing up. I'm just saying. I hope he heals fast. I'm definitely not. Yeah, I can, He he can heal slow. I'm not Talking about to come back, play you five. I mean this season. I mean, just in general wanting to heal fast so we can get He can get back in. Yeah. He can not get back out there on the field. But just get back into a groove of working yourself back into shape and being able to throw the ball. That's one thing. You don't play with soft tissue injuries. Like that groin.


That groin, that hamstring. The key, the Keyes area. Your calve cal. Well, I don't, I don't lift that remote Body. You see, you see what hamstring, Zion's gonna miss time with a hamstring. Kevin and Rand's gonna miss time with a cow. They, oh, because you definitely, you you play with your lower body. Yeah. Where you going? Those things grab it. I mean, That's crazy man. Yep. Well hopefully like you said, he get, you know, you get, he gets the, the final prognosis. He gets done what he needs to get done and he's ready to come back next year and, and, and rebuild.


Everything is more expensive now. Whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank in a or Stride Bank in a Spot ME eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network at m withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports. Book the number one place the BET touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort, Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk ng.co/audio.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the FL network and the season with Peter Schrader podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot huma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like mdo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


I was gonna say Christian McCaffrey will make his debut this weekend against the buck of the 49 ERs about to get back on track. Ocho they got the bucks at at Tampa. They got Seattle at home, at Green Bay, at Buffalo Chicago, at home Rams at home at Miami, Detroit, at home on a Monday night and Flex Game two BD against Arizona Week 18. Do you think they make on, do you think they go on the run? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think they would've went on a run even if CMC didn't come back. I think they would on the run. But just adding him back to that offense and the dynamic that he brings in the pass the game and running game is, is, is tremendous. It makes it that much more difficult for you to defend them, you know, defensively, you know, I know Brandon, I is out.


I think Jwan Genesis is coming back. I I I could be wrong if I'm not mistaken. Debos back ki is still there. You know, you at CMC that makes 'em that much more drains. Mike Shanahan with CMC back Ian book opens up even more exponentially. That's a big word for me. I can't spell it, but it's a big word for me. Saquon was drug tested after reverse fire number. The days ojo explain why the NFL does this to people at home. When something spectacular guy has, you know, three touchdown catches or 200 yards or 180 yards rushing. A guy has three bor sacks, all of a sudden randomly he comes up on a drug Test.


Yep. Anytime you have a game like that, Ja. Jamar Chase, Jamar Chase, please expect a drug test in your locker tomorrow or, or Monday morning, whatever, whatever day it is. Normally when you have a performance like that, a performance that doesn't happen as frequent or as often that they drug test you. I'm not sure what they're, what they're thinking they're going to catch. I I think they just have a, a insight. Well, this doesn't happen as often as it should. So the the fact that it happened today and in this game and you've had numbers that are kind extraordinary, we're gonna test you and see if you took something that resulted in helping you perform the way you did today. It's weird. I'll never forget.


I I got drug tested a few times. One that I can remember clear as day was performance after we played the San Diego Chargers. I'll never forget we played the San Diego Chargers. I think it had a two 60 yard day two 60 yard. Day two touchdown. Two touchdown game. James Broke your record tonight, I think. Yeah, I think he had, well, what, he had 2 64 tonight. He, he broke my record last year. He was rookie year. Remember he had, he had 2 66. Oh yeah, he had 2 66. He broke it last year. He had 2 64 tonight. And I mean, they had multiple games like that. Is is is unreal.


Unreal. And then you have to think today, today's game is a lot different than it was when we were playing. Huh? You know, it was little. We were, we were sure you run first. Now they throw the goddamn ball all over the place. You can't play defense. You can't touch nobody. So the game is, the game is kind of, kind of different now where it's almost damn near like 7 0 7 with helmets and pads on. But, but dude, that motherfucker chase man for that motherfucker special. The got boy special Ocho, one of the NFL players is an heir to a $500 million potato Empire Saint Center, carne McGregor is his eighth NFL season. And his family company is the biggest potato producer in America.


Their main potato supplier of McDonald's raising canes, Wendy's and Frito Lake chips. And when Car and McGovern was drafted by the Broncos in 2016, some of his teammates were curious why he was playing football when he could make far more money back home farming. His response, I wanted to make a name for myself and showed that my hard work earned myself something. And I wasn't riding the coattails of everybody. But whatever his NFL air career ends, the 31 L Center said he would go back to rd what is Offit his family's company back to research, I guess research and develop though. He said he'll work his way up from the bottom just like everybody else and earn his way up just like he did in, in his football career.


So the next time you're snacking on McDonald's fries, remember those potatoes are likely coming from Conor McGovern, Conor McGovern's family farm. That's dope. That's dope. I, and I, I like that. Most of the time when you, when you have success or a kid is born into wealth, they don't have that same drive and that work that the it takes to wanna work and actually put the work in to earn and see what it's like to have the responsibilities and what it takes to earn that kind of money, to be able to support yourself. So I'm not sure if his parents raised him that way and but the fact that he is the way he is, is commendable. And then not only for the business to already be successful, but to have an NFL career and say, I'm gonna make good money in NFL and then when I do retire, I'm gonna start from the bottom of the business and work my way back up to the top.


Ain't too many people built like that, huh? Yeah. But but he should because I'm sure he doesn't know the business because he was like playing football, college football NFL football, like the people that's already there. Although a lot of times Yeah, you're right. Don't you? A lot of times family members, Hey, my family company, I wanna start at a, a BP level Right. As opposed to an entry level. Learn the ropes and work your way up. That's why I've always been impressed by Peyton Manning. His dad made lots of money. Eli made lots of money and they gonna be number one draft picks overall and make careers for themselves. You have to commend that when your dad is somebody, your mom, your family, somebody and you say, yeah, that's fine and good, but I want my own name.


And that's what people and people used to tell me all the time, man, your brother got money. That's his money. My brother don't wanna be taking care of no grown ass man. Yeah. He got a wife and kid. So why I, I wanna earn my home. I wanna do my own thing. I appreciate everything that my brother gave me. He gave me, he gave me just enough to make me desire to get more. But on my own right. I saw the thing that he had and I, and he knew, he knew I wanted to be like him. Hey, hey Broche, decide, look what I got. Damn Inspiring, ain't it Man.


And I went and got everything. With the exception. With the exception. He had a a a, I don't know if you remember this ojo, but in, in the eight eighties, they came out with A BMW called the M three. It had a, it had a spoil on the back and everything with the exception of that. And he had a typhoon. Yeah. Every other car that my brother had, I got it. You got your one. He got a Ferrari. I got a Ferrari, he got a big bed, I got a big bed. Whatever car he had, I got. Because that's what I saw. That's what drove, that's what motivated me. And for Conor Mcg govern family to be who they are. And he said nah. Yeah, that's good. Fine. But I want my own name. That's, And no matter what happens, I've had A-A-N-F-L career that's span eight years.


Maybe it goes to nine 10, who knows. But when my career is over, yeah. I'm still young. Think about it. He'll only be 30. Let's just say for the sake of arguably career goals, another two years, he'd be 33 years of age. Yeah, he could, I mean, he's made good money. He can retire if he want to, but say no, we're gonna go into ba the family business and we going to expand. So I I I bet I love that. I love, I love, I love when kids come from wealthy families or well off families and don't feel entitled. I love that. No matter what, you know, you know what you wanna say. 'cause a lot of times they have access.


Bro had access. LeBron made sure he had the best trainer, he had the best nutritionist, he had the best coaches, he had the best of everything. Right. But the kid said, I wanna make it on my own. Now he's never gonna be able to outrun his dad's shadow. He daddy's LeBron. It's just like Jordan kid. They're never gonna be out able to run the door. Dead shadow. But just because that's my dad, I shouldn't want for myself. So you need to tell me. I can't, I can't want to accomplish something. Just my last name is supposed to get it. I, so I commend the kid, I commend them. I love the opportunity. Look, he's supposed to, you're supposed to give them an opportunity. All this old nepotism and nip your ass out my face.


I, I'm, but like I said, I, I, I want, I want the, I want I, I love when kids want to be something on their own. You know what I'm saying? Don't y my name. I can't do anything. I can't help who my parents are, what I was born into. But I have a desire to be known more by more than that. I did that on my own. Yeah. My, that's my brother. But Sterling ain't catch no passes at Savannah State. He ain't catch no passes for the Broncos or the Ravens. So no matter what y'all, and and y'all know this, you know this NFL wanna know who can help. Can you help, can you help me win games? That's all it come down to because Sterling ain't playing over here.


He played on the Green Bay. He up in Green Bay win games. So kudos you Carter McGovern. Josh Allen has officially overtaken Lamar as the MVP front runner. Josh Allen is now a plus one 50. Lamar Jackson is a plus 200. Jerry Goff is a plus 600. Jalen Hertz is fourth with plus 1200. Patrick Mahomes is plus 1300. And Kyle Murray is plus 1500 in the regular season. Josh Allen has passed for 2,543 yards. Eight, which is seventh 18 touchdowns, which is six five interceptions.


He's tied for fifth. I mean he's tied for 57th, which is a good thing. And his QBR of 72.6 puts him in fourth Lamar, he's second in passing yards 2,876. He's second in touchdowns 25. He's tied for 47 with three interceptions. He's number two in QBR in 75.1. Hey you, you know, you know what's funny? Everything. You just ran it down. Yes Sir. Well, golf, probably golf and, and Josh Allen obviously being the back, back and forth, it's gonna change because Lamar Lamar's not gonna play another bad game like he did against the, against the Steelers.


He ain't gonna come out and he's going to be the front runner again and then go out and he's going put on a unbelievable performance. I'm not sure who, I'm not sure what their schedule is or who they're playing next. But the other teams aren't used to this. It's not a divisional game. It's not going to be a divisional game. They're not going to have the structured defense to be able to contain him the way the Steelers do. The Steelers are built to be able to stop a player like himself because they used to seeing him and understanding that team's tendencies offensively. So he gonna come out, he gonna have one hell of a day, do some crazy stuff on the ground, do some crazy stuff in the air, and he's gonna be back at the number one spot to an A VPI guarantee you G Yeah, I mean, look, look, I mean he has another game against the Steelers.


Steelers have given them problems. One in four. He has one in four tough games though. One in four. Yeah. He has another game. But this game's at home against the Steelers. What, what, what, what do they have? They got the Steelers. I think they got another game against Cleveland. Yeah, a charger this week. He's at the Chargers this week. Eagles at home, at Giants home versus the Steelers at Texans home versus the Brown. So it ain't like he got From The schedule. Now again, every, everything you just named don't have the personnel like the Steelers dude to be able to stop what he's able to do and what he does.


Well What about the personnel going up against his defense? What about the Eagle's offense against that defense? What about the Texans offense against that defense? Hey, you, you, hey, can I tell you something? ZI, the people you do know, your Raven team is dead last in the secondary when it comes against the pass. 30 seconds. So I've been trying 30 seconds. Well see, when I tell people that, they say, well you trying to, you trying to, no, I'm, if you see when people tell me, oh, now you could tell Shannon didn't watch the game. You watching it, but you don't know what the hell you looking for. Right. You like a blind dog in the meat house. You can't tell me fronts. You can't tell me coverages.


You can't tell me formations. Right. You can't tell me anything. All you watching for right is touchdowns and sacks. I'm watching to understand why they had success. So while you tell me I'm not watching it, you watching it, but you don't know what the hell you looking at. Yeah. It's like you watching a farm film and they got sub. Unless they give you subtitles, you don't know what the hell you looking at. I've been telling them, but they gave me excuse. Wait till this guy comes back. Wait till that guy comes back. Well I saw you guys in there when you had those guys and your defense was still bad in past defense. Much better, much, much better. Stop at the run that, that, that, that second level. At Some point in time, fans gonna have, have to understand. Everybody is not a hater. Sometimes people are just trying to give you information.


Our job is sometimes is to be, is is to be entertaining, is to be informative, to be educational. Okay? Yes. I say a lot of things in a joking manner, but I'm actually giving you factual information if you just listen to it. But you don't want to because you wanna paint this narrative that, oh, Shannon is a hater. Well, listen to what Shannon says when it comes back, what I tell you then you talking about, oh, oh, I could captain obviously. Well, you didn't say it right, but, but people don't just don't wanna get no credit boy. People don't wanna give no credit. Who? Because if I didn't, if I didn't say it, why didn't you say that before I said it when I knew that?


No you didn't because I take it to the black. I'll take you to the board and say, oh, draw me a cover six, draw me cover seven, gimme five zone. Okay, gimme this formation, gimme this protection. I want you to redirect What you mean by that? No, you know, you watching the games, you should know. I, I don't, I don't think the casual, the casual fan can't do that. Hell no they can't. But they just wanna jump on your timeline and try to, and try to. Well, he ain't watching the game. I am watching the game. I also know that when you throw the ball more, if you run it ever, Raven. Yeah, you Lose. I mean it. Right. That's what I dos right there.


I'm the one that said, put Derrick Henry in the eye. Ain't nobody else say that. Yeah, I said it from the draw. Or Joe. I say he's not his own read back because he's a long strider and you don't get you, he needs time to be able to redirect when you put him back close to the line. He's such a long strider, he can't re back his feet. Barry Sanders, a short strider can do it. He perfect. That's perfect for him. But Derrick Henry needs to be able to change direction. He needs to be able to check his feet and cut back, get back downhill. That's why you put his heels at eight. You toss it to him, you hand it to him and boom. Now whoever drew up that damn play that they tossed that ball to Derrick Henry and they let TJ Watt come in there and blow his ass up.


They should have put him back there and running back and let the same thing happen. Don't black TJ Watt and let TJ Watt. I mean, TJ Watt knock his ass in The right tackle. Should've known, but I'm not sure what the block of assignment was. But why would you let TJ Watt run Scott free with the pitch, even though the pitch is going the opposite way still every time he gonna get there. Every time. Yes. I'm just like, I'm like, who, who thought that was a good idea? Hey, we gonna run this tall slate week, but we gonna unblock JY. Okay. And you see what happened Damn near got digging. And I'm like, that's why I stopped playing running back 'cause I got tired of my bad sharp.


Well, it ain't your bad. I'm way down the damn field. I I ain't gotta worry about my bad. I ain't gotta worry about my bad on Cho. I got tired of you and my bad, bad. That's me. That's old me bro. Right. Dude Done got me looking at my ear hole. But you talking about your bag. What That dude hey, trying something. Hey, speaking of that, think about how bad it is for quarterbacks when the o line is playing bad. When they can block and the quarterback continues to get sacked over and over and over and you can't fuss at them. Then you have to keep your, your, your mannerisms and, and, and your expressions has to be on point. You do. No matter how many times you get hit in the game. Imagine I wanna That's Yeah. Ocho when with, lemme ask you a question. Right.


When the Cowboys fell behind by 10, 13 points with no threat in the running game, what you think the Texas is thinking? Yeah. They ain't playing for no draw. They're not playing for no one. Absolutely. They ain't peel their ears back. Absolutely. You, everybody in the stadium know you not going to run it. And now you made it very, it is very, I don't care who your offensive linemen are, you let them jokers know that every single down you going to throw it. Yeah. Make no sense. Jamar Chase is angry with the team's inability to close that game. Ask how do you fix it? He said Ask Zach, ask the coaches. Don't ask me. I just play football. I don't call plays.


Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Who Said that? Chase. Oh, situation where they had a first, they ha they ended up getting the first down. Right? But Joe missed Jamar a touchdown. Guys pressed the inside released and the guys collided. Yeah. Yeah. He went straight up the field and when he threw it, he was jumping up and down. Joe didn't see it. I tweeted it, I saw it. They didn't replay it, but I saw it. I saw It. Yeah. I sometimes, you know, your quarterback won't always see everything. Nope. He won't know what's going to happen. And the fact that the guys collided, that means the ball really won't come.


No. Anyway. 'cause you Nope, You know, you wasn't re And you know, hold on on that touchdown that the ocho this slipped my mind. Ocho Which, Which, which One? Which one? On the long touchdown to t Higgins? Yes sir. They got him bracketed. Why? If the safety is inside, why is the corner trying to jump the sluggo stay on the uphill shoulder? Oh. Oh, he, oh, he trying to get that pick. Huh? You trying to get that pick? I just Say, damn. You trying to get that pick, huh? Oh, Oh, somebody said they replayed it. I didn't see it, but I, but I, I, but I, I tweeted immediately and I know, I was like, bro, y'all got to play off.


You can't be that close when you like that. Because what's gonna happen when he pushes up the field and one guy goes, and Hey, y'all gonna collide. And sure enough, but that's just frustration collide. He knows. Yeah. He knows they're running outta games and there are no two win games on the schedule. Which means what? I mean when people say two win games a game in which, which you win and you get two victories for it. There aren't any of those on the schedule. So he knows this was a game. This could have started something, something really, really, really, really good. Now look, and, and the thing is though, you, you know, you don't wanna go into the battle with a loss. Damn. That, that hurt ojo that ruined your whole body.


I don't care what anybody say, they lying. If they say it, it does. It's gonna stink. It's gonna stink. And then you know what it does too also? Huh? It put that much pressure on you. It put that much more pressure on you on the game coming up. Who, who? We gotta steal it, right? Yeah, but y'all, but y'all gotta fire week this week. And t Higgins, t Higgins was frustrated with the Ben saying he, we can't finish your effing game. Them boys hot bro. Them them boys hot. But what we need to do, it ain't even about finishing the game. We need to start This. We didn't start where we had album two to finish it. And we been too field going, oh, told you this back to back field goes down and the same way you hook and left.


Damn bro, you didn't make no adjustment. Hey, listen, the most di the most difficult, one of the most difficult positions on the field is kicker. It is kicker. You know, one slight adjustment, one slight mistake, a swing of the leg, you knocking your head down at the ball, you know, allowing your, allowing your foot to, to sway a little further left than it should. It changes the tra trajectory of the ball. So as a, as a kicker myself, I understand the difficulties that comes when it comes kicking the ball, right? So Mc fierce, all you gotta do, you go back to your basics. Same thing with Justin Tucker. You go back to your basics. Go back to your basic fundamentals. When, when it comes to kicking the ball and start all the way over, start all the way over and be yourself back.


Mike Brown Gonna kick himself in because boy chase about to hit them over the head. Oh yeah. Big time. They don't real. And the thing is, he ain't even got no mask. Y'all know it's him. So when you hear something fits in the back of the head, just tell the cops. Ja Jamar Chase just robbed The Chiefs escaped Carolina with the last second win. Tied end Noah Gray, two touchdowns, which is the most yards of separation. The Chiefs receiving a touchdown in the past two seasons. He was wide open. Needleless to say, after weeks of carry the offense, Steve Spanos crew hit November Law for consecutive week. KC Defense allow 325 plus yards. We knew it's gonna happen. O Joe, I'm, look, I've been, I've been a part of a historic defense.


But there are games that if we didn't play our absolute best offensively, we could've lost. That's what Kansas City had to do today. They turnovers probably would've cost, they probably would've lost the game. Mahomes was 27 to 37. 2 69, 3 touchdowns got sacked five times though. Noah Gray four catches 66 yards. Two touchdowns. Travis, Kevin, like, man, y'all over here doubling and triple B and he eating every week. He get a, he had two last. He got what? He had two today. He had one last. I think he had like two last week. He got about five or six touchdowns. Hey, that, that's, that's the Kelsey effect.


He not letting you beat me. I'm not, I'm not. But the offensive line man. Man, it seems like, I don't know, maybe, maybe it's my television, but it seems like every time Mahomes dropped back, he works for his life. He is, he is. Listen, I that left tackle disrespect, but the tackle play is very bad. Huh? The tackle play is, is very bad. I tell you what if the 49 ERs, if the 49 ERs let Dub go, Trent treat P Dub Kansas City better back the brain, You know, they gonna back it up. Even at his age, he's still one of the best. He he might, he he Premier might treat best Left Tackle he Premier.


He still that boy. Yeah, he's still him. I mean, because they tried, they tried to, they tried to get him to Fred's city and in Kansas City, you know, he's familiar. You know, he's familiar with Kyle. He played for Mike. So he's familiar with that situation. But I think I, I, I think Ocho with an opportunity. He wants an opportunity. He wants to win. He wants to win that Super Bowl and Kansas City. As long as you got that quarterback and you got that coach got a chance. I think they're better positioned than the 49 ERs. That's just me personally. I could be wrong. But can you imagine him at left tackle protecting that blind side? The Jets could reportedly release Aaron Rogers in season. Rogers wants to play in 2025. Whoa. Not with the Jets.


Time out. Time out man. Time out. Time out. Hold on. Lemme get my flag. Lemme get my, lemme get my flag. There's a flag on the plate. Lemme get the flag. Alright, I got my flag. I know it, I know it's white, but we gonna pretend it's yellow. I just threw, okay. I just, I just threw The flat giving up on, hold on. Okay. Me too. Where Okay, where she going? What? To call what? Funny. You know what's funny when it comes to a quarterback like this with a resume like this, even though the NFL is all about what have you done for me lately when Aaron Rogers said, you know what? And desperate as teams are to have a quarterback.


I wouldn't be surprised if he gets an opportunity after what he just said. If they do release him, if the jet do release him and start over as far as searching for a quarterback, Aaron Rodgers will get a job simply because of what he's done in the past. They gonna hold onto that. They gonna hold on to the For how many, how many times? MVP four. If I'm not four, she four. He's won a Super Bowl. Man, old joke ain't gonna get another stance. Super. Diana Rossini. Diana Rossini, right? When she talks about the Jets. Yeah, let's listen. What she has to say. I'm told Johnson has lost confidence in Roger's ability to lead the team to the playoffs for the first time in 14 years.


A drought that now stands as the longest and major North American Professional Sports League. There are some on the team who believe everyone is simply tip torn around the fact Rogers isn't the same player anymore. Some around the league say they won't be surprised if Rogers is cut in the season. As far as Olo Rogers, his relationship with the owner has been strained for months. That's not a secret in the building or the locker room at this point. After conversation with, so with the team and around the league, my understanding is Roger Stan still wants to play in 2025. I like it. Just not with the Jets.


I like, I like it, but I don't like it. I like it, but I, I don't like it. 'cause I wanna break down. I wanna I wanna break down the other 31 teams. There are many teams that don't even need a quarterback. What teams can Aaron Rodgers go to? No. To make a difference when you couldn't make a difference when you're in New York. They gave you the players you wanted. They gave you everything and they gave You wanted Azar, you got Brie Hall. I mean come on now what we talking Remember Ocho last year, remember last year they got a, what you call him and a card for It and then, and if, if he is to go to a team, it has to be a team where he doesn't have to do much because his supporting cast can hold him up.


He can't go to a team that has less talent and make them better. He he's somebody to uplift him for the longest time. Right? He could uplift other, play other his teammates. Yeah. Time to change. He can no longer do That. Time to change. So, but there's nowhere for him to go. Huh? There's nowhere for him to go. Like if, if you think about it, it's nowhere for him to go. Where, where are you going? Tell me. So we both though, Man. I think they say a Aaron. Aaron what? But you got, you better focus and lock in. You better, you better focus and lock in. 'cause you gonna be on the outside looking in in a minute, Bro.


Football, Ben stopped being important. Aaron Rogers. Y'all could feel what y'all want to say. Aaron Rogers Ben and football was the la football gave him ability to have the cache to talk about all the other stuff that he cared to talk about. Y'all know this. Y'all see it, y'all see the man demeanor. Y'all see his behavior. Y'all saw the way he conducted himself football. Ben stopped being important to Aaron Rogers. Yeah, He's one of the few. He's one, he, you know what Aaron Rogers has? What, what, what? Most don't, well, most mostly all quarterbacks do. He has privilege and he's one of the few. Does he have that privilege? He abuses that privilege and the power that he has because of what he's done in the NFL one. The few that does it, you know? Yeah. Nobody else would be able to get away with some of the things.


Can you imagine you no forget you because you, you follow the rules. I'm, let's say me who've been through rules and always told the line no and never crossed it. Can you imagine if I say, you know what? I'm not going to mini camp. I'm going on a retreat because I already had planned what? Can you imagine? Yeah, I could. I Hey. Yeah, I could imagine they find you cut you. She said, what the hell you talking about? That's what happened. Hey, all I know is that Antonio Brown didn't go to a team meeting and they cut it. They had a meeting and they had a walkthrough in the ballroom.


He didn't show up and they cut it. I play, They played certain people or, or extended or, But see y'all, see y'all, y'all get upset with me when I, when I tell, when I tell the truth. See, my thing is, I don't know why anybody would question, right? 'cause y'all see, I call it right down the middle. It doesn't matter if you, Aaron Rogers, Tom Brady, Peyton, Mattie Lamar, Jackson or, or or Patrick Mahomes. If I think if I, if I see it, I'm just gonna be honest. I've been telling you guys for the longest, Aaron Rogers is an arrogant, condescending, flippant. He blames everyone he takes no responsibility on for himself.


He's been that, he's always been that. But that he won MVPs so everybody overlooked it. Now he can no longer be an MVP. Everybody said what I've been saying for years. Yeah, but, but you, you know, when you had that kind of, when you had that kind of resume like Aaron Rogers, when you had that kind of success for so long, you know, when you're a franchise quarterback like that and when you're a Super Bowl champion, you extended a different type of grace, especially at the quarterback for sure. Yes, absolutely. Abs a absolutely yes sir. But I ocho one of the things say, boy, if you not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person he despised the way Brett F treated him.


Did he not turn around and become the very thing he despised the most? Yeah. Yeah. He what? Have mercy. See y'all don't wanna listen to me. Oh, I'm talking, oh, punk. Like he, well see, know what he talking about. See y'all say unc talk a lot. Y'all don't really be saying I don't know what I'm talking about because when it come to fruition, the first thing you so old captain obvious. Well, why did you say it if it was so obvious y'all could have said it. Yeah. Look how he got outta there. He didn't want to come to many caps. He wanted everything to be his way. Isn't that what Brett Fard? Isn't that why they got Brett far as found out there? Now, where did Brett Far go when he left Green Bay? Tell the people Mocho, the New York Jets Mocho.


Tell the people how long did Brett Far stay in New York? And we Hey, Hold on, hold on. Where'd he go? Ne where'd he go next? So are, are we saying that Aaron, Aaron Rods is probably gonna be them in Minnesota? I don't know how And they just, they got JJ McCart coming. No, McCarthy. They got JJ McCarthy. Yeah. No. And he's already missed a year. You're not gonna sit him back another year. No. And I'm drafting a quarterback. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not, I'm not. What is Aaron Rods gonna do? At most he plays a year and you think I'm gonna pass on a quarterback for a year. Are we sure he could elevate my team that just thought he could, how'd that work out for them? They gave up draft capital and they're worse off than they were when they had rock.


When they had Zack Wilson, when they had Sam Donald, right? When they had whomever else they had at quarterback. Bro, you're not getting a Tom Brady Indy. Wait, you're not getting a fake fan. Wait. If he changed His mindset, what if he changed his approach to the game? Or it's too late. It's too late. Can't hecho how you do something for 20 years and you won MVP and you won to sue Both. You change your mindset. Tom Brady couldn't change his mindset if he could, because he still had that underdog mentality. All he saw himself as accomplished as he was, was a sixth round draft pick that nobody wanted until the sixth round.


That's all he ever saw himself. He always felt I gotta go in and prove that I, I can make the, I gotta make the team, even though after one Super Bowl, two Super Bowl, three Super Bowl, M-V-P-M-V-P-M-V-P, super Bowl. Super Bowl, super Bowl, super Bowl. I've got to prove it. Pey Manning every year. Prove it. Prove it, prove it. It's always been about him. Damn. He's always been condescending. He's always been flippant. He's always been arrogant. He's always been aloof. You overlooked it because he was winning MDPs. Now he the same player. You don't ch you don't change. When you lose, you don't change.


See, losing doesn't change who you are. It reveals who you are. That's what losing does. It reveals your, it, it don't build character. It reveals it. It's like, its like, it's like anger. Just like anger and, and just like someone, someone that drinks. Finally, you finally get to see some yes colors. When they're angry, they tell you how they really, yes. And people are like, oh, he got money. He changed. No, money doesn't change you. It makes you more of what you already are. You don't get money and become generous.


You don't, that's always in you. You don't get money and become a jerk. Right? You've always been a jerk, but you are a monitor because you didn't have the, the, the, the power and the money to be a, a, a, a asshole. So that's what money will allow you to do. People that are, that have money and that are nice and respectful, they've always been that way. I guarantee you, you go look at anybody and they'll tell you, I don't need to call no name. But when they got money, they say, well, they been that way. But if we're on the same level, how can I be a real jerk when we on the same level?


Yeah. But let me get a little advantage over you. Hey, listen, money, money, money does some strange things that people, it dust does strain. It is just, it does some strains. Strains. It's, it is hard to remain yourself. You know when you get it. But if you are able to control it and don't allow it to control you, it's a beautiful thing.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, UTO, Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


Amazon one medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical healthcare just got less painful.


Daniel Jones. Damn. What? That escalated quickly. OCHO Daniel Jones. Yeah. Officially been waved by the giant Saquon Barkley rooting for a fresh start for Jones. Jones went. Wants to go to a team. Go for a playout team. Huh? Well say that again. Wait, read that for me again. Read that for me again. Real slow. Read it for me again, pat. What I gonna do, I what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna play, I'm gonna press rewind and then I'm gonna hit play. Daniel Jones wants to go to a play. Daniel Jones wants to go to a playoff team. Hold, Wait, wait, wait. Let let, lemme get this straight.


So Daniel Jones wants to go to a playoff team. He's not, he, he wants to go to a playoff team where they already have a quarterback in, in place, but I'm assuming he wants to go to a playoff team so he know the field likes to win and maybe be the backup. Okay. I'm assuming that's that what he mean by saying that I'm, I don't think he means to actually start or content or compete to be the starting quarterback for a team that always has a start, a starting quarterback. Right. According to Adam Schefter Jones is expected to have multiple options, but likely will prefer to finish this season on a playoff contending team where he would be involved in big games rather than going to a Mandarin quarterback needed team. Not remotely in playoff contention, but if they got, if they're going, if you go into a team, you're not, I mean, Yeah, I think that has to be with me.


Huh? That has to be, But he's already been to the Playoffs. Hold on this real quick. I I don't mean to break it down. I'm not sure how good you are Okay. With being able to name all the quarterbacks in the league. But think about all the teams that are playoff or in playoff contention or even in the hunt. You did not, huh? I mean, how many teams actually need the quarterback and the one that, that that, yeah. No, The play. That's the whole point. So I think he just wants to experience from knowing what it feels like to win and to be con, you know, be competing in the playoffs or being in contention in general. That has to be what he means. Go to the couch. But here's my thing, Ocho, when I, when I look at it, maybe he needs to go somewhere with a different culture.


'cause a lot, because sometimes it is culture. You get, you get caught up Ocho the way they coach and the way they do things, and maybe that's not conducive for you. You get into a new situation. They practice different, they meet different, right. The coaches coach you different. They talk to you, you different. I don't know. Look, it didn't, when I heard it, I did. I I, it, it, it, I'm like, oh, you wanna go through a, I can see ocho you a wide receiver, you a running back, you are a defensive player. Okay, I get that. 'cause there's an opportunity, but there's only one. 'cause all the other positions, right? You can have multiple positions on the, at the same time on the field. Right? But when you're a quarterback, you can only have one. So, and I'm looking and I'm like, well, so I going to a team that's in playoff consideration of contention, right?


What are you gonna do? Oh my goodness. I mean, it, it, it has to make sense. The only thing that makes sense is based on what he's saying, he wants to be somewhere. Well, maybe he's not going to be the starter. We know he is not gonna be a starter. But I wanna be somewhere where I can be on a team where I can be a backup if need be, I can help. But I would like to know what it feels like to be contending or be challenging for a playoff spot with that team. That, that, that, that. Hello. That got to be it obviously. Yeah. So you wind that leg play. That was good one. That was a good one though. That was, that was a real Good one. The Jets R certified disaster.


And they got messier today. The day began with the team fire general manager Joe Douglas. Oh. Which was not exactly surprised. Douglas was 30 and 64 during the Jets tenure and never sniff the playoffs. The juicy of all was Woody Johnson wanted to bench Aaron Rogers just four weeks into the season in, in favor of Tyro Taylor. The coaches present in the meeting were stunned according to our report. And rightfully so. Johnson backed off but fired. Robert Sola a week later fired Robert. So demoted Nathaniel Hackey right now. I asked you who was next. See Green Bay got smart Greenville said, hell y'all, you ain't to get me up outta here. T the floor. And, and, and, and, and Brian gut and the mark.


Perfect. No, Rudy Johnson won to bench Aaron s at week four for Ty Taylor. Right. So the elephant in the room who always been the problem. So you're doing all this firing where you're not getting, putting the right person in a place that needs to be. Well how you gonna, you gonna bitch? I I ain't never seen nobody bench a quarterback that make that kind of money either. He would've. Yeah. So Woody Johnson, he would've, So now Joe Douglas gone. So, But you would, it, you do realize they use your jet to go fight to see Aaron Rogers. You do realize you signed off on all this. So where's your comfortable beat?


But also they're, they're expecting to get the Aaron Rogers the Bowl. They're expecting to get the Aaron Rogers. They got a old Aaron Rogers. Bro, everybody ain't gonna be So you thought they was gonna turn right around after pay, right after Tom Brady did what he did. You thought so soon right after that, another guy was gonna do that. What allowed Brady to play as long as he did and as well as he, he had no major injury after he suffered that ACL injury. That was in 2008. So up until that he had no injuries, he had no hamstrings, he had no injuries. Yeah. That really caused him to miss time. Aaron Rogers was coming off one of the most serious injury.


A a player in the sports can suffer. Right. The Achilles injury. Plus he's for it. You know, I don't, I don't, I don't think he takes the game as serious as Tom as well. Yeah. He doesn't take the game as seriously. Of course not two, two different types. He never has two totally different type of quarterbacks, especially when it comes to their approach to the game and the serious, you know, and the seriousness of it and the way they take it. So I could, I could understand if you're coming back off, if you're coming off an injury like that and you already don't take it serious, you do what you need to do to get back. It's in good, gracious and health to play. But your approach is still wrong because everything you do talk about when you are on tv, it had nothing to do do with the game of football.


Nothing. Oh, you rather you rather lot. Oh, I just don't understand. Every time he speaks it never has anything to do with damn football. There some shit. I gotta look up in the goddamn dictionary on the goddamn computer. He talking about going into the dark and he is talking about these trips and he is talking about this and talking about that. Nothing about building team camaraderie. Building team chemistry Is, And when he could have been built, he could have been doing that. He was in knee Egypt talking about a trip. Everybody know with that mandatory mini camp, you don't plan nothing around that OCHO because that's the one that you got to be at. Oh, lemme, everybody that understands what the word mandatory means has to be there.


But what he failed to realize, what he did in Green Bay ain't got nothing to do. They wanna see what you're gonna do for the Jets. You heard tar, I said it when I went to Baltimore. Them Pro Bowls, those all pros, those Super Bowls that ain't got, I've done nothing in Baltimore. I've got to come in, work my ass off to let them see how I became the player I became while I was there. Peyton said it, Tom so eloquently laid it out. He like, what are the, what I accomplished in New England? Gotta do with Tampa. Tampa Getting Tom getting his teammates, Hey, let's go to the park. It's in Covid. We ain't supposed to be in the park thrown at a house.


Throw our ass down. That shit was funny. Peyton getting his guys together, he get, he grabbed up Julius and Decker and, and, and, and, and, and Julius Thomas and Noha, Hey, let's go throw guys. I think Stokely was there at the time. Or Welcome, let's go. Hey, let's go throw, let's, let's, let's build up some chemistry. Let's build up a bond. Let's get to know. Let me, let me tell you where I wanna throw it for you. Tell me where you want the ball and let me tell you what I'm looking for on this route. Nah, let me go over to Egypt. I've already got this trip planned. A so it is what it is.


And he wanted, if, if I'm the Jets, I need somebody to explain to me why would I want Aaron s back next, next Year? Yes. Oh, If, if Aaron s is not done, if he's not done, he signed, he signed, he signed two year, didn't y'all? Oh, he has another. He Has another. I'm sure he does. Right, but for what, why do I want, tell me, tell me why do I want him Mocha? What am I getting? A 41-year-old that's a year older than what he is now. So what he going to gain Speed. He gonna get faster.


You know what a a better question is? If if you don't want a next year, what's your next option? What's your next viable viable option where you can compete and you can, you can, you can contend Can I compete with Aaron Rogers? You telling me what I can't do without him? What can I do with it? But three and eight, tell me what can I do with it? Because I I can be three and eight without him. Yeah. And save 50 million. Hell you in last place in the division. If you finish last place in the division with him. I can't finish in last place in the division without him. But hey, you, you, you understand and you know how difficult that position is. How difficult it is to find a quarterback for that position.


You, you, you know that it takes a while. Takes Yes. Have they found one? They got one in the position a long time was the last quarterback for that position about that. That's, that's, that's even best even better Question. He's been there two years. He, yeah. We going, we gonna disregard that. Nah, Do they got a quarterback right now? They, They thought Take take Rogers off the back. Take Rogers off the back of the jersey. Nah, you bringing that guy back next year And if he, if he, if he does get the grace to come back next year, it's because of what he done in the past. If he does get the grace to come back next year, it is based off what he's done in the past. Oh, he, oh he's going, he's gonna get some Great Absolutely The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone right, these game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or Big Win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.