
This is an iHeart podcast


When it's PCS Time. You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


This is Jeff Teague from the Club five 20 Podcast. Yo, we're taking over times square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars. Top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat in JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 Podcast. Power by the volume. Don't miss it. For excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day Experience Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play


Your dream getaway. Welcome In, Starts at the airport with Amex Platinum. You get access to the Centurion Lounge where you can find space to send off that last work email. Fill up on premium dining and finally relax for up to three hours before takeoff. You might even wish your layover could last just a little longer. Flight To Mexico. Now boarding. Oh That's me. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply for more information. Visit american express.com/with Amex


The volume. Yeah, he talented and man, that's crazy bro. Like I literally coached that boy. I keep saying boy 'cause he was a young kid when he, he was. He was so cold in high school as a receiver. I felt like he should have played receiver when he went. Oh, when I tell you he put his foot in the ground and stop on Ferrari breaks, he had Ferrari breaks. His feet are Ferrari like.


Oh, unbelievable. Talent always been a hot head 'cause he was small and so yeah man, he, he should be in the league. I hope he gets back in the league. But You know what I wanna talk about, I was thinking about, I should have brought Jackie in on this but he probably too young for this. I'm, look You know how we started the show and it was like we gonna touch on football relationship, this and that. I wanted to talk about this because I'm married. I've been married now. Damn that's fucked up. 20, 20 years. About to be 21 years, right? Actually 21 years in two days it's gonna be my anniversary and I'm gonna be doing this shit. Pray for you bro. I pray for you young.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and so, but I, I got married young when I was in this my going into my fourth year in the league. Let me ask you this, because you got married, were you in the league or you were on your way? I was the league. I was in my eighth season. Okay, so let's talk about getting in a relationship while in the league or at the tail end or out of the league. Your preference, why you just didn't meet her while you were in the league or you wanted to kind of get it out your system. I think You know where I'm going. Yeah, No I feel like early on in the league you gotta definitely be locked in and tapped in as to like, You know, who am I around?


Like in protecting yourself if you going to go that route because there's women that's going, You know, that might line you up that might see you as a bag that might see you as an opportunity. I gotta cut you off bro. Isn't that like, that isn't that hard. Like you meet somebody and you be like shit like as a like shit I look good. I got this paper but damn is she really fucking what your boy 'cause of what I have or is it like, it's that element to it, right? Yeah, I feel like you, that's why you gotta go out your way. Like for me I was like, we not really doing the flashy shit up front. Like our first, we go on a date, we going on a walk, we going, we getting a coffee.


Like I'm trying to see like you and your natural element and I'm trying to see if you out with me 'cause I ain't gonna be on on on no flashy shit. For real. I'm a, I'm gonna call Damn. Almost wish we had some women on this shit to see what they were. They would all say, oh yeah I would like that shit. And then as soon as you leave, call they home girl. Hey girl, can you believe this motherfucker took me on a walk? We just went on a walk. Like do you like how is that He like how would that he trying to go To the stake, how would that play if you're trying to go to the steakhouse from day one that's already kind of putting a red flag in play for me. Like, But if they know, if they know you got money man they gonna go on two or three walks with you. They ain't tripping. They know you got money, they gonna take two or three walks with you, shit you wanna go on a four room, let's Go on a four.


You gonna see if they got the patience, you gonna see if they got the patience to really see this process out the right way. You know? I mean And and so did that play a part in you saying Yeah when I, when I really get serious and locked in on relationship, I wanted to be towards the end of my career. Yeah, for sure. And definitely making sure like, You know at this time when I did get married it was like I ain't gotta worry about, You know, she had her own money, she had her own motion, You know, solid person like so at the time that shit was the right match for me and what I was looking for at the time. Yeah. Yeah. I've all, 'cause I tell a lot of players now like it's tough.


Your rookie year was 16 or 15. Okay. Like we didn't have social media my rookie year so it's so different now. Everything is so accessible. I actually just got on, well I've been on social media now but I think I got on chat actually started my page. I wonder as his ass listening to this shit tonight. We in Cincinnati, I think it was like 20 18, 20 19, he was like, Hey man, get get on this. Literally grabbed my phone and started my Instagram page for me. But we didn't have that. Everything wasn't as accessible, You know dudes being in the locker room.


Them dudes not this dude Smooth magazine, You know they, they flipping, they flipping through the pages. Now you just get on your phone and you send 'em a dm. But I'm telling the younger guys like, you gotta make sure 'cause she know who you are. She with you for you do you day early or do you wait till the end? Either way it's always gonna be that question of I don't care how you Think you look. Damn do she really want me for me or do she want me for what I got because we done how many dudes on your team? Ugly and a bitch, but they got a bad little lady with her.


Hey, hey dude being ugly or they be fat as hell bro. Hey it's always about three or four of them dudes on every team got a bad one with 'em. But they look like the bottom one. You already Know. You already know they on. Yeah. So I, I've always, I I tell guys that man, like there's no, there's no, there's no right answer. Like if you meet somebody early on and you don't know what her intentions are and you got that paper like that you got signed prenup and if you wait, you got sign a prenup.


But if you meet to me, if you meet her early before you, like I met my wife when I didn't have nothing. I wasn't no luck to play in the league. So I you was with me when I was broke. I mean I had a child before I got to the league and so my situation was different. But now you gotta protect yourself 'cause you just never know. So that was our football and relationship talk. 'cause I I just want to talk about that 'cause it's, that's a topic that comes up a lot, at least with the guys that I'm around on the field when we training. Like, hey, what you think about the a it's, it's hard. You don't know, I don't know their intentions but I know these intentions.


Did you see that? The arbitrator who said that the NFL colluded. Now let's bring the people in on what I'm talking about. So y'all recall Deshaun Watson, Deshaun Watson signed guaranteed contract 230 million fully guaranteed. So Lamar Jackson said shit, I'm balling, I'm trying to get a fully guaranteed contract. Ravens didn't wanna give it to him. They basically let Lamar Jackson put himself on the market. Nobody offered him a deal and at the time the Falcons had nothing. Everybody was like, damn the Falcons ain't gonna go after Lamar come to find out the NFL colluded.


Basically we ain't gonna get no, we gonna try to keep the cost down. It's gonna benefit everybody. What are you, I'm not, I know you not surprised but man what's your thoughts on the arbitrator basically saying yeah they, they colluded Like why is it like how did they get away for three years with this shit under the table? It's crazy. Like, like you said, it ain't shocking me for real 'cause it's like there's never a moment where the owners are getting together. Like how can we give the players more money? That ain't never been the case. You look at all them CBAs all them like the owners ain't never even trying to go 50 50. They want 54, they want 55. Like they're not interested in the players' pockets for real at all.


They trying to get the bang for they buck. It's cheap as they can get you. So it don't really surprise me but it's like damn, like they can just get away with this shit. Like what, what's the quality of these investigations? Like who was, who was the motherfucker that came out and gave the report that they didn't collude? I'm trying to figure out. It's been done for three years. Why are we just now hearing about this? Like nobody in the NFL said a word. Nobody in the NFL PA said a word JC Trotter. You were the president of the players union. You're privy to all this information. I was a player rep for many, many, many years.


I'm just curious as to why nobody said a word and there's a, there's a answer to the why. I don't know it only the people wanna know, know why and that that it's crazy 'cause we, we, oh everybody wants to win. You're the owner, you wanna win. I'm the owner, I wanna win besides, but I wanna win and make sure we can keep a the cost down. That, that is surprising that it didn't come out sooner. If any sport needs and deserves a guaranteed contract, this football, it's us. Because when you retire you don't feel shit for about, at least me, I didn't feel nothing for probably five, six years after I retired.


I'm like, shit, I could still play. And then, and then that shit hit me. You get up, you'd be like, fuck my back hurt. Like, like I don't think people understand like I I'm like you, I didn't have any major surgeries but how many concussions you done had At least a hundred I done had probably a hundred. Yeah, you're Talking about them, them them smaller ones? Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Your back and, and so yeah it is unfortunate they got, they gonna have to figure that out bro. I can't, I can't fathom for three years that they kept something like that.


Man they hoping that, They hoping that in today's world that just like any other news liner narrative that that in three days people just forget about that shit and keep on going. Yes, yes, yes. Keep on going. Now they had the fanatics fest I believe was it this past weekend? I believe it was. So Cam Jordan was, he did a little interview and they asked him like, what do you wish you could change? And I actually agree with him bro, I really do. And I, and I, I wasn't a guy to celebrate it. I talk shit. But like God's getting fined for excessive celebration. We play a child's game.


Let us have fun. Now if it gets to the, the violent celebrations, I don't agree with that because you don't want the kids doing that. But bro, let us have fun. Even like you, I should be able to make a big play and get in your face. Shut your punk, you can't fuck with me. I should be able to say that if I do that in your face 15 yard of sportsman like penalty if I say that to you and you can't control yourself without hitting me problem, that's on you that yeah. And so I I I agree with him. Let us have fun. Let us celebrate, let us talk shit to each other because we not gonna cross the line One, it's a 15 yard penalty.


Number two bro. They done got real ridiculous with this too bro. You get a US sportsman like they finding you 25 grand now. When I was playing you get on Sports Point it was just a penalty. Now you getting found like 20 5K so guys ain't gonna do it. Would you like to see that brought back into the game? Hell yeah. I be doing Embarra Sanders just toss that bitch through bro. Chilling. I well what you think about that? I think about bro Because I think at the core of it, for people to think the celebrations are excessive, they don't appreciate how hard it is to play the game. How hard it is to score to make a big play and like how on edge you gotta be just to play football.


Like you gotta be wired, you gotta have a screw loose to go out there and just be getting in car collisions every single week and you want this adrenaline, you want us to go to war and be out there and and we want us to entertain you. But it's like you don't appreciate what you're even enter being entertained by if you think the celebration is excessive. Nah, it's an expression of passion. Like, like these plays we making, they feeding families, they feeding generations, they putting our team, our city on the map. Like it's so much that is going into us, making them plays and for you to see us celebrating what we doing and what we put so much time into as excessive. I think that's crazy. I'm with you. Like no violence, take the violence out of it but yeah. Yeah.


As long as you can get the, the violent celebrations out and or the confrontation. Like if I get in your face and You know that's not gonna be a penalty, you not gonna retaliate 'cause You know, okay they not, there's no time penalties. I just feel like let us play the game. Let us have fun. I mean Chad, You know I don't call Chad Ocho 'cause You know he was Chad Chad, they on Chad. Give him, give him all his spa money back. He was fine so much just for regular celebrations. Now it's okay. So I I I look Cam Jordan on that.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support at American Public University we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apuus.edu slash military.


Yo this is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast. Draft night ain't just about who goes number one. It's about how you show up. And JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Di Harper's tenacious two-Way play or Trey Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south. Jds got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collabs. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the league's getting younger, your feets getting fresher. JD Sports with the game meets the streets. Visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today


With Amex Gold you can make dining out before the big event, a big event. Hey You made it, it's Been so long and earn four times membership rewards points on purchases at restaurants up to $50,000 per year. And if you're running late no problem. Oh we gotta go. You get access to card member entrances at select venues so you can make it in Tide to catch the big win. That's the powerful backing of American Express Card member entrance access not limited to Amex Gold Card terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger plus the RayBan meta glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the meta AI app today on the Apple app store and Google Play.


George Kittle. He says, You know, he just re-upped you probably was like, damn, I should have played like two more years. See Got the baggie But the money they paying these boys now. And so somebody asked and they said, hey, you just got paid. What was your favorite thing when you got, when you just signed this deal, Jordan? Oh he just like did some stuff for his house, basically splurged on his house. When you got paid, what, what'd you splurge on? What was your big purchase? Hey, first off, I've been to George crib in Nashville when I went to the, the last Titan u his crib is cold bro.


It's out there like tucked away like hey it's Colder now. 'cause he said he expanded it with with this bread. Yeah, His crib cold. They got the whole like weight room in this big ass barn. They got, he got the field out there. I think they said Mo got a flagpole. Like he, he really, Yeah he got a, he got a, a full football field, a full weight room. Like Dan Mu got a lake and he can go hunt and fish at his own property. You really tricked that out. And it's like he's a solid dude. Him and his wife are real solid people. Like they, they real welcoming and like they really like are about just getting a they home straight and making sure that they welcoming people in taking care of people. But for me, bro, you gotta think like the, when I signed for a bag, like the, my second contract, 16 months before that I was working at Sprouse Farmer's Market.


So like, I'm like, my life had been humble to the point where I'm like, I'm not even really, I don't really spend money on nothing. Like I I ain't buy shit for real. Like I, I think I might have, that's How I bru, that's how I am. Like I'm like I grew up with nothing. My first paycheck in my life was from the NFL. That's the first paycheck I ever got in my life when I got drafted. And, and so yeah, I, I'm not, I'm cheap. I'm cheap. I ain't spending no money. I don't wanna spend no money. Like I signed my deal and people like what you, what you doing when you sign your deal?


Nothing. Shit, I'm gonna sleep. That's what I'm gonna do. And work. Get up and go work out tomorrow. Yeah, I I didn't, it was no big purchase at the time. I had two kids now I got four but no, no, no, no. Uhuh I did, I mean I bought a house That's same with me. I A better house that's took Way down on the land, bought the crib. I knew like the way Vegas is growing, like my equity already doubled on the crib so that's the only reason I went and did that. But if I was just block going, going ham on a crib, like I wasn't just finna do it just for the fuck of it. Yeah, Yeah. You ain't got no I I went and bought this car, I went and got this jewelry. I ain't do none of that.


You been keeping up with the Tyre, Tyreek Hill, Noah Lyes stuff I done seen, I done seen them going back and forth. Noah Lyes seems pretty petty. They not racing. Noah Lyes come out and say some stuff has come up. Me and Tyreek Hill not going race. I I got an opinion like I actually think if anything under 50, I got Tariq Hill 50 and under Tariq Hill winning. That's me. That's what I believe. He he he out them motherfucking gates Anything above 50 he losing because Tariq Hill just ran ten one about two weeks ago and the dude that he beat be on the track when I be taking my son to the track and Buddy as fast as fuck in Tyreek Hill beating but running a ten one and you racing somebody that's running in the nines consistently, it's a no go.


And also Tariq Hill probably about 195 pounds he was gonna run, he'd probably need to be about 1 75. You can't lose that weight right before training camp. But I'm taking Tyreek kill if it's 50 and under. Yeah 50 yards and under. I got Tyreek anything above 50, I got no loss 'cause Tyreek kills zero to a hundred. Yeah he out of there. That's Stride. That's stride take over once you get longer into the race. But yeah, he And that top end speed is old like Noah Lows gonna come get him Them corners beat 10 yards off of Tyreek Hill. They be running for the hills. He running the hitch bro. Hey You know who is IShowSpeed? You know who that is? I don't know too much about him but I do know he's like a like streamer and all that.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he just raced, he run, he raced some big buff dude I seen it on social media and so I guess now Tyreek Hill wanna race him and I'm like that'd be interesting 'cause Buddy looked like he, he looked like he got burners. You go the I he dude looked like he got burners look like he get, I'm taking Tyreek Hill was the Buff B dude fast though. I don't know if the Buck dude fast. I don't that's he the linebacker. That bitch didn't, Hey we don't even know Buck dude. I don't know his name, I just know he small. He Raising a linebacker out there But Buddy was running though but he lose a little bit of that muscle. He'd be a little more fluid.


But Tyreek Keel said he won race speed. That that'd be interesting. Both smaller dudes compact, real explosive. That'd be interesting but Tyreek Hillel, you can't chance it. Now you about a month outta training camp you, you can't chance yourself blowing the gasket trying to prove a point to these dudes that that's, that's gonna be interesting. Now let, let, let's before we wrap this up here in the next half hour, did you ever have a quarterback controversy on any team you were on? No. Well I guess maybe when I was on the Giants my last year, well no it was just injuries for real.


But when I was on the practice squad with the Ravens, my last year there 2018 was Lamar Jackson's rookie year. Oh with Flaco. Okay. And I think Flaco hurt his back one game and Lamar Jackson hopped in that mug and it was Curtains if you, because Jerry Judy played for the Cleveland Brown saying man it's real difficult with this four way battle for court. There ain't enough reps. I don't think people understand man, like a practice you go team and that's gonna be run plays and pass plays. You don't do 12 of them, right? You gonna do 12 plays and team, the majority of the time the ones are getting seven or eight of them 12, the twos gonna get the rest and they gonna throw the threes in there here and there where the fours come in at like you, they don't get reps for the fours.


You gonna seven on seven, you gonna go 12 to 15 reps. The ones gonna get, if it's 12 reps, seven or eight, if it's 15, nine or 10 then the twos maybe the threes so forth and so on. So you got a four way battle for quarterback Jerry Judy says it is pretty difficult as a skill guy and You know you are a part of the offense, You know you gonna be in the game. How difficult would that be on you if you were in that position? Your spot ain't, your spot is solidified. How are you handling that?


Yeah, I mean I'm looking at, I know you can relate because I look at like say a relationship I had with Derek Carr and we had a long productive relationship and it's like the time it takes to get like each and every route to the where like he's thinking what you're thinking and he's placing the ball where you are and you're getting your head around at a certain timing. Like to do that with one person and get that down is enough work to Think you going to get that down with four different dudes over the course of a camp. Sounds insane and just sounds like stressful. Like I don't even know you might end up in a game with somebody you like, man I ain't even caught a ball from this dude. Like that's why I think Deandre Hawkin what he was doing in Houston when he had like Tom Savage and Sage Roosevelts, no offense to them dudes, but it's like it's the rotation of so many different guys and he's still going out there doing what he's doing.


That's insane to me. But I don't know, maybe if you're a brown osher, you gotta look at certain days where it's like, all right Shado gonna get the bulk of ones today, the next day F Flaco might get more the ones and Gabriel might get more the ones the next day. They gotta have some sort of structure to where at least for one day Judy and those guys can get acquainted with One court. But if it's a four band competition, like how can, like how can you do it? Like you can't Kenny Pickett, you like Kenny Pickett, Flaco Dylan, Gabriel Shado, it's virtual, it's not enough reps. Crazy. There's not enough reps in the practice. Crazy like they were to me, I wish two guys would get the majority of the reps one day then two guys get the majority of the like I, I don't know how this is a fair comment 'cause I was told from somebody that's in the building that ain't a player, it's really coming down to Kenny Pickett or Dylan Gabriel.


That's what I was told. But now when you get the reports that Urs complete the 77 out of nine passes, like is it against starters right? Or is it three and a four is the guys that's gonna get released. So it seems impressive when you see the graphic but is it really impressive? Is it not? If it's not against the starters or guys that's gonna be on the team, I, you don't know how they dividing up the reps and it's virtually impossible with the amount of snaps because when I do my Ricky year, man, I'll never forget this. We had training camp in Georgetown, Kentucky first day.


Where's that? It's about an hour outside of Cincinnati. It's a college campus. Okay. Hot as fuck. First day we had two practices. Second day we had two practices. Like I'm not talking practice in a special team, I'm talking practice, practice, take a shower, go eat lunch, go to meetings, practice again like real practices. So first day two practices, second day, two practices, third day two practices. I swear to God I got up the fourth day, the morning of the fourth day I couldn't even walk.


I couldn't even walk. How could you? And I'm like damn when they blow that motherfucking whistle I'm gonna run though like you couldn't even walk. Yeah. And the way it was my rookie year to what it is now is I say that to say oh you got a lot of reps then because we practicing twice a day, you gonna get hella you good. Yeah. Practice now is so different because the teams, the players in the league, they're aware of. I go to training camp with a full tank. Y'all take me to about a quarter of a tank. I never get back to a full tank.


Never. And they, they not avoiding those mistakes. Right. You know back then it was all we gotta, we gotta make sure you got some mental toughness we gotta build bro. If you a pussy when you come into training camp you gonna be a pussy when you leave training camp. If your ass is soft entering training camp, your ass going to be soft. We'll Wait four weeks ain't gonna fix it. Training Camp that ain't gonna fix it because the dudes that they gonna find a way to get around it. They been doing, they got this far being soft. You don't think they gonna figure out a way to get around it. And and so I I feel for the receivers and all the skilled guys and ku, all them dudes in Cleveland.


Yeah. Y'all know who gonna be the quarterback. You ain't got enough reps in a day. There's not enough reps in a day for them to sit here and say oh okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah this guy, I don't get it. I don't know what Cleveland is doing. I know the coaching staff don't agree with it but, got it. I'm going with the Ricky. I'm going with one of the Ricky's where Dylan Gabriel or Ur Flacco. I fucks with Flaco. I played with the Ravens. Flaco a hell of a quarterback. He a real good dude. Yeah but he ain't your quarterback of the future Kenny Pickett. I seen you playing Pittsburgh. You ain't the quarter. I'm going with one of the young guys to see what they can do and if they can't do it, we gonna be a terrible ass team.


We gonna draft one of these franchise quarterbacks coming out in the draft next year. That's what I would do, but I'm not in charge. What, what would you do? I'm Doing the exact same thing man. I yeah I don't know what the fallout is if people moved on from the shado situation with the, with the speed and or whatnot. But yeah. And let's let's talk about That. Let's say that Please, please, please, please, please. Fucker man if they don't get the fuck outta here with a speeding ticket. Speeding ticket. Come on bro. The crazy thing is like, this might sound crazy like so they say he is in like 160. That means he's on a interstate.


Like bro, if the interstate is wide open, I'm doing a hundred. Hey you in Cleveland it's probably, nah it ain't cold right now but it was empty I guess. 'cause if it wasn't empty you can't even go that fast. That's what I'm saying. That's yes. Like I get it. Be safe. 'cause you need to protect yourself and you also need to be cautious of others. Yeah. When you on that road. I get it. Don't that, I don't want y'all to think that, oh I'm just out here driving like a bat outta hell. No, but getting a speeding ticket is not, oh my god. He's a terrible decision maker. No, he's a young kid that got a fast car.


When you get a fast car sometimes you going to punch it. You just want to see what it feel like. That's what you do. You not gonna do it all the time. Yeah, he, we, if he going a hundred weaving through like busy traffic, that's the whole, that's the whole story. If we on a straightaway and I'm just nah, I don't see the problem with it.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


This is Jeff Teague from the Club five 20 podcast. Yo. We're taking over times square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generation hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat in JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast. Power by the volume. Don't miss it. For excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com so you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guarantee 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express Term supply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with Amex CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger plus the RayBan meta glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play.


We live in a day and age where everything is instant. You know, we get the news right away and they made cancel him. Yeah, but again, as soon as Pops is, he's been in a spot. He, he just has to know that any and everything he will do that's negative, it's gonna be magnified. He has to be aware that like this, the life that chose you, he didn't choose this life. We don't choose our parents. Right. His pops is one of the greatest athletes in the history of being an athlete of any sport. And so this is the life you were born into and he's been living this life alone.


He just has to be aware of and I'm sure he is like, damn, he really put on TV that I got a speeding ticket. Yeah. Then you got another one. They put that one on there too. But come on, y'all like the, I can't believe people really got they panties in a bunch over there. I, I couldn't believe it. But you do gotta be smart. 'cause you, you, you gotta protect yourself and there's other people out there that, that you must protect but speeding. Wow. Yeah. That blew my mind. Yeah, I I saw that and I'm like, bro, what are we doing? But yeah, it is, it is a lesson for like, alright, every choice I gotta be conscious of as the quarterback, as the leader, as prime son already being in this spotlight.


I need to be extra conscious of the choices that I'm making. And I feel like he'll learn from this. And I feel like he shouldn't have the op if he's really the dude that's leading the pack as a quarterback, I would feel like you should rip this opportunity away from him. Just for, for punching it in the Ah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Just make better decisions like that. That's it. But the officer, like, when you pull him over, you look at his license. Come on buddy. Slow down. All right. I'm I'm gonna let you go. Like just, just do that. Slow down. I Said yo, we got one. Yeah, I Got that happen to me one time Bro. And they be on, I got, I just got a ticket bro.


And in one speeding, speeding about a month ago. Right. I'm in LA I'm going from one freeway to another freeway and it ain't traffic, but I'm going by like 40 miles an hour. I ain't, because there was enough cars like you can't really go. So I'm coming down and I see buddy, he just sitting there waiting on somebody. But it was a bunch of bro, he pulls me, gets right as soon as I pass him, he gets right behind me. I'm like, I got my seatbelt on. I wasn't speeding. Boop, I hit the window. I'm like, what was I doing? Oh, your windows are tinted. Yes. I said, huh.


And so then I rolled the passenger side window down and I said, I just seen 50 cars pass by right now. All those windows tinted there cars in front of me that pass by you. They windows is tinted. Why you ain't pull them over? Why you, why you busing with me? And he still gave me the ticket and I think that pissed him off. So he gave me the window, tint ticket, he gave me no front license plate, bro. All kind of stuff. And I'm like, bro, like you just, you just gonna pull me. Everybody has tinted windows. Oh he fucked my whole day up. I was thinking about this dude, like I'm driving home like I, I can't believe Buddy just really gave me a ticket for nothing.


Literally you can give everybody a ticket. 'cause everybody out here got tinted windows and my windows ain't even dark like that. They tinted but it's, they not dark like that bro. I mean his quota, man. I'm not gonna take the tent off. Take it to the police station, put the tent back on like bro. Yes, it's a fix it ticket. And then he didn't even do the ticket right. He checked no on the box. So that means it's not correctable. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm giving y'all this. That pissed me off. So some of these officers bro, trying to meet that folder man. Trying to get that quota, bro. Yes. I was mad about, I, I know his, I looked at his name on a ticket I was going to go send, I was going to DM him on social media or something.


I couldn't even, he ain't even know. I was sure I was gonna send him a dm. I promise. I promise. Like bro what? But I'm gonna leave it alone. I paid, got everything handled. But before we go, we gonna finish with this topic and this, I would never do something like this. It is crazy. Deontay Thompson. Deontay Thompson. Wow. Deontay Johnson gets drafted to the Steelers, starts his career off pretty damn good. Dude. You like, like wow buddy balling kinda cold. Yeah. Turned off well he's balling kind of started talking too much.


Fell out a favor. They sent him to Carolina. Go to Carolina. Perfect situation. Ain't got nobody. You gonna be the lead dog. Start talking too much. Get your ass up outta here. Senting to Baltimore. I played in Baltimore with Harbaugh. If you can't play for Harbaugh, it's a problem because Harbaugh, he just wants you to work hard. He just wants you to work hard. Whichever coach does. But he ain't giving you no problems. This dude say what happened in Baltimore, bro, I could not believe it.


They, I hadn't been playing, they hadn't put me in the game. Okay. They told me to go in. I was standing on the sideline the whole game. I was cold so I didn't wanna hurt myself so I didn't go in. That's real. That's real. That's real. And so Baltimore, if you recall, they released him and then the Houston, Texas picked him up. But I was sitting here, like you said, it was cold, right? We done played in some cold ass games. But then when you look at the temperature, it wasn't hot, it was 41 degrees.


He act like it was negative 20. And so one, has that ever crossed your mind? If you've been in that situation? Two, if you are on that team, I wouldn't ask you how you would handle it because we all grown men. But how would you take that? Yeah, I feel like I understand the thinking behind like, alright if I'm not, if I'm staying here and I'm a ice block and I get into the game with no warmup, I could pull something. But that's even more reason. Like if I'm on the side, I'll be on the sideline and them games where it's like I'm getting like, I'm like special teams.


So like I'm not playing every play. You gotta, bro, you gotta, every few plays, you gotta hit them a skips bro. You gotta get a sprint up and down, do some hamstring Frankenstein's like body, like body air, squats, Something. And if it's that cold, when the deep when on the beach sitting on that bench, I'm body heaters bitch body heaters. Earl sitting on the bench. On the bench. That bench is hot as a motherfucker. If the bench be it be 20 degrees, the bitch be so hot, you gotta get up from that shit. That shit burn skin cells off your ass. Yes. So I, when I saw that, I said damn, he, he literally is on his last leg.


This gonna be his last chance, mean he ain't nobody gonna want him on their team when you doing that. And he's so talented. He's talented, but he gonna mess around and get put out the league and be sitting up watching TV saying fuck man, I'm better than him. The regrets and he's gonna regret it. Yep. He's gonna have so many regrets. I played with a guy in Cincinnati, I ain't gonna say his name. He was a special, he played, I wanna say five, maybe six years in the league. But when I got there, he was a special team guy and then he became a starter on defense, a defensive player.


He became a starter on defense. And then Marvin Lewis comes in as a head coach. My third year, that was probably his fourth or fifth year. He wasn't a starter no more. He put him back just on on teams, special teams. So he started like tripping, like half-assing it in practice on special teams. They released him. Yeah, they released him. He didn't get picked up. I swear midway through the season he was just, he called me 'cause we, we was cool. He was like, bruh, I do anything to cover a kick right now anything because we take for granted what we have.


And then when it's gone, it's like Bru never played again. I Think you might have gone to play in Canada, but he never got to the league again. Again. And I say that to say Deontay Johnson gotta be careful because it can be taken away from you. Just like that. Tom Brady retired man, the league keep on pushing Pey, Maner the league, keep on pushing Michael Vick the league, keep on it. Don't matter who won the league, the show gonna go on it don't need you, the show gonna go on with you or without you. And so that hope is a warning to him and everybody else that's listening. Like when you have something good and being in NFL is a hell of a out, a lot of, You know, they all, it's a privilege.


Yeah. We've earned it and we, we've earned it. But I'd rather be in a league than not be in a league. Let me just put it that way. Yeah. It takes, but it takes a level of maturity and emotional intelligence to stay in a game knowing like, alright, I'm not getting the opportunities that I would've wanted or that I think that I should get as a player of my talent to stay locked in all four quarters. Like that takes discipline. And I feel like there's a lot of these young dudes that come in the league that may get some opportunities early on and that ego get hit when you don't really play as much or some teams get you up outta there. Like having that level of, of maturity. Like hopefully he can learn from this and like we'll get another opportunity.


But shouldn't you have the awareness when you go from Pittsburgh, Carolina, Baltimore in the span of a year? Shouldn't you have an awareness to where I'm in PIs, I'm in Baltimore right now. They got Za flowers, they got Rashad Bateman, Nelson a I don't know how, how much I'm, I don't know how much I'm gonna play. I wasn't here at the outset. You can, bro, when you a backup, you have zero, you have no equity, you don't have any, you can't do that now. If you wanna be at home, do what you wanna do. Yeah. That ego can't have you blind to reality though. If you don't check yourself.


The ego realize like, I'm contributing. I'm the common denominator in all these situations. If you can't see that, you'll be in a situation like that and not be able to be like, all right, cool. Like the opportunities might be cut a little short here, but I'm gonna stay locked in because there's potential for me to make a play at any moment in time. I don't know what could happen in this league. But when you, when you don't able to put that ego to the side and be humble enough to be like, all right, I have a part in this. It's tough. Yeah. So, man, that's it for Nightcap. I hope y'all enjoyed the show, UNC and Ocho. This, this, y'all ain't gonna see UNC and OCHO the whole week. We taking over this motherfucker. I appreciate Darren Waller for locking in with me.


Yes sir. I hope he appreciates myself before we go one more time. Yeah, your shit, his shit gonna be dropping in 30 minutes. Yes sir. Tell 'em where they can get it. Tell 'em the name, make sure they we go out, support you. Yes sir. My newest single, my arch name is Darren Waller, new single, choose myself with my dog. Jro High quality record. Hey, JRO. From where? Nah, it's Jro with a D. Oh, I thought you said Jro. I'm like, oh, you got T. Okay. My my bad. My dog. My dog. Jro man. This is, this is, this is two of our favorite records that we've ever made and we both made a lot of music, so, but yeah, search that Darren Waller choose myself.


9:00 PM Pacific, 12 Eastern. About 30 minutes. Yeah. Check that out. Spin that. Let me know what you think on ig, Twitter. Whatever it is, man. I hope y'all enjoy it. Well we outta here man. I will see y'all tomorrow. We out, Sir. Peace brother. Yes sir. The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


This is Jeff Teague from the Club five 20 podcast. You know, we're taking over to square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat and JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast. Powered by the volume. Don't miss it. For excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeart podcast.