
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag Chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Oh, yes, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Protect your end zone with the best clean paths down. Dude, wipes come in a variety of sense and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't frum the ball with TP wetter. Just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your behold and make the trade of the season with Switch. The dude wipes the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes that's clean pants down


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball This season it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the actions expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook, with live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tacked and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


O Joe. A Philly man called out the mayor for being incompetent because he's a Dallas Cowboy fan. Let's take a listen to this. This is what happened guys, residents of Upper Derby Township. When you elect a Cowboys fan to your government, 29 years of losing with this team, what do you expect with the leadership? Ooh, this is a Cowboys fan. This guy follows the Cowboys. Damn. You see what type of leadership they have and that's what you put your trust in. Cowboys fan, sickening, sick.


Hey, You gotta be able to separate the two baby. You gotta be able to separate the two. Your your your your political views and the way things are run with the country and government and the team you decide to support based on probably your childhood. We, You know, that that's, that's normally where it comes from. Yeah, but I mean, you're not expecting to see somebody from a whole OCHO that's a rival. I'm not expect, I'm not expecting to see somebody run for mayor in Denver and they're talking about their chief fan or they're Raiders fan. Right. But listen, that's why I said him being a fan of the Dallas Cowboys and being in city Yeah. Being in office. He's a fan of them simply because of something that happened when he was young.


Yeah. When he was young. That's all. I I guarantee you that it was his parents or he grew up, You know, they grew up watching the Cowboys during those times when they were, they were winning and winning Super Bowls. I guarantee that's where it comes from. It's not like he just woke up. He's from Philly and was never a Philly fan and was a Cowboys fan. Right. This is what Michael tweeted. Michael said, facts, David is the best And I will not be doing any deal without David mug Aletta at David mug and Bob, like anyone with good sense. I hired experts for a reason. There's no one I trust more when it comes to negotiating contracts than David. There'll be no back doors in this contract negotiation.


You know, and zero I Now you one of stuff like that pisses jerry off for Jerry to come out and say one thing and then Mike can come back and correct them and let the world know, regardless of what Jerry says, I do have representation and I'm not getting a deal won't be done unless Jerry goes to the right, the right channels. The proper channels Yeah. To get. Yeah. And I got one more year on my deal. Miles Garrett had two years left on his deal. Yeah. Miles Garrett got 40 mil. Come on, see me Miles Gar got 1 23 0.5 guaranteed a hundred million in the first three years. I need to get more than that because Miles Garrett got two years left.


I got one Holler at your boy And and hold on. What if they get to the point where they piss Mike off and they piss off the agent and they say, You know what, we just gonna play out that last year And you can don't franchise tag us. We're too late. They got that franchise tag on them. But see, here's my negotiating, here's my negotiating chip moving forward. Y'all want this negotiate, y'all want this 18 game? No more franchise tags, no more transition tags. That's a good news. And, And hey, and that's for bar, that's for starters. And I want, I want at least for every vested player that plays at least three years and become vested, I want at least 10 years of, of medical Benefits after we done paying, After we done at least at the bare minimum.


10. And the more you play, the longer that goes. But I don't want a franchise tag. Franchise tag goes away immediately. Transition tag goes away immediately. I like that. I I have a question. I got a good question though. Huh? Think about this. If there was something that you could put on the table, what would you rather more, would you rather the franchise get rid of the franchise Tag? Lifetime health benefits people Or people have the ability to get guaranteed contracts. Guaranteed contracts. That that, that's a good one. I I knew. I I knew that. I knew That's a good that's a good one. That's a good one. Guaranteed contracts guaranteed. Yeah. And I, I mean look, and now I think the thing is OO Joe, everybody's trying to get at least the first three years guaranteed, but hey, yeah, I've seen him do it.


They guaranteed they've guaranteed entire contracts. Kirk Cousins, ever since Kirk Cousins his third year, he's gotten franchise tag, which is guaranteed franchise tag, which is guaranteed his first three years in Minnesota was guaranteed his first three years in Minnesota last the second three years in Minnesota was guaranteed this three years in Atlanta is guaranteed. So he had operated with nine years of fully guaranteed contracts. They fully guaranteed Deshaun Watson. So they can do it. Well hold on. Wait, listen to what you're saying now Look at the position. You talking about quarterbacks, you talking about specific position, the quarterback, the one who actually has the ball in their hands most of the time.


All the time. So I think them guaranteeing them money they see fit based on the position. Yeah. And importance of it. Now what about other positions? Offensive lineman, the lineman, skill player, defensive backs, wide receivers, running backs. I think running backs would probably be the last on the list. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. To be able to get money. Unless you are special, fair and got special. I, I Think the thing is Ocho most teams value running backs. The most value running back has his first three, four years outta college. 'cause guess how old he is? He's normally 21, 22, 23, 24. Now if he's really good, I've given him somewhere between 200 and 300 carries.


That's just in the NFL. I'm excluding what he put on his body in college. And I'm in college excluding what he put on his body in high school. I'm assuming so Now you talking about somebody that's had what, somewhere between six and 800 Carries in college, another 1200 by the time he's 25, that's 1800 Carries plus what he had in high school. How many, what carries he got in them legs? See that's how they look at it. Yeah. Always. But Derrick Henry. But, but You know, DD Henry, all those carries that he had in college high school. I mean he's the all time leading rusher in high school. D Henry had like a damn near a thousand carrots in college. And what did he have now? Probably another 2000. Yeah. So they look at running backs and say the greatest value you'll have as a running back is your first three to four years in, in college in, in the NFL.


Because guess what? That's when you're at your youngest. That's when you have the fresh, the the most tread on your tires. But I dislike this. I'm glad Michael spoke up. I hope he sticks to his guns and don't let Jerry try to backdoor with something slick. That's what Dave, that's what you hired David mug. Fuck. And that's a small to have to give up 3% to not run a foul. And you like, damn, they they taking all my money. I spoke out, conduct detrimental to the team. Oh, I want this. I wasn't that. Nah, nah, y'all didn't get none of this back. Yeah. So it's a, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a rough game. It's a, it is a tough game. But you really find out how owners feel about you when it comes to negotiations and dealing Yeah.


As a player. You do not wanna be in that room when it's time to negotiate because you'll walk out pissed off. Yeah. Oh. So, oh, so this how you really feel after all I've done. Yep. Now based on my production and what I'm gonna do in the foresee of the future, this is how you really feel about me sometimes player. I mean players, I mean ask agent, tell your agent tell you the truth on what they really say when it's time to negotiate. But you, but you'll be mad as hell. No, I don't wanna know. Let's, let's just keep it like down. I'm gonna pretend that they love everything about me. And then you tell, you make sure you tell them I love everything about them. But you And I both know. But here's the thing. Yeah. He didn't, if my question is why didn't you work directly with Dak Todd France is his agent.


Why did you not try to circumvent Todd France? Why didn't You know, try to circumvent? I don't know who Tony Romo's agent was or CD agent. Right. Why didn't you try to circumvent them? 'cause You know, CD don't play that. You have to understand. You understand It is all about knowing your personnel. Understand your personnel. Who's one of the most boisterous and boisterous cowboy players out there, Michael, that don't play that Yeah. CD don't play that. It's not in their character to even play that game. I'm not playing that game. You Well, We already know how we, how Dak Dak has always Heisman posed him. So that's why he has some type of way, because Dak has never allowed Jerry to get close to him like he does. Jerry has his faves and he always tries to get to get close to him.


He was very close with Tony Romo. He was very close with a lot of players that he worked hand in hand with him. And that worked for him. But Dak has never allowed him to get close. Dak has always been a, I'm the quarterback, I'm gonna do my job to the best of my ability, but I am not gonna be strictly Business. Strictly business. Strictly Business. And he is been the same since day one. Yes. And I don't have a, IIII mean personally I don't have a problem with that. I think that's how it should be because look Right, and because here's the thing, Dak knows, deep down inside, Jerry wanted to put Tony Romo back in there, but he was the only one that wanted that. Jason, Gary didn't want that. Steven Jones didn't want that.


So there's, hold on. I don't want all these games. And you still wanna bring this man back and put him in there. Hmm. Interesting. Okay. No, I'm good. I'm good. Look, I know, I know David Mug. Met him a couple times, talked to him. Good cat, smart Cat brother has done a, done a great job. If I'm not mistaken, I think he got CJ s Strau. He had a couple, he got, he got a lot of big time player, athlete first. Athletes first has a, is a big time company. A lot of brothers. And they do an outstanding job. You know, clutch Nicole Land and that group, Rocky Aal and that group, his, his, his look, his firm, they do a great job.


I like that. I like when guys get people that they trust that they believe in. And that's what it comes down to. Because when you're dealing with this, it's all about trust Ocho a lot of people make about some color or whatever the case may be. That's fine. I ain't got, ain't got nothing to do with it. When it come to this type of money, unc, when it comes to this type of money and transactions, you need somebody in the corner you can trust because there are too many horror stories of people getting burned. Yeah. Too many horror stories, huh? The fact that nothing has changed with the percentage of players that are able to attain their money well within two years removed from the game is ridiculous. It's almost well into 90%. Yeah.


That all comes down to the team and the people surrounding you before you get paid, while you're being paid. And once you're done planned, you got to have agents or people you trust in your corner that are the for right reasons. Not just why you playing, not just because it's beneficial. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. And you gotta have somebody that's gonna be there in your corner when you're done. I've had the same, I've had the same agent for 29 years. I've got Marvin Dim in, in 96 and he's been my agent ever since. And I don't do anything. I run it by him. 'cause he gonna be, he gonna shoot me straight because at the end of the day, he won. What? I know this man wants what's best for me. Yeah. David Mulet has Jordan Love.


CJ s Strout, as we mentioned. We got, he got Jordan Ram, Jordan Ramsey, Deshaun Watson, that fully guaranteed 230 million. He also has Jalen Ramsey. So he's done an unbelievable job protecting his clients, getting them. The Ramsey was the highest paid at one point in time. Deshaun Watson had the most guaranteed money for a long, long time. Right. He was the highest paid. Justin Fields just got two years $40 million based on five starts. What? Six starts last year. Joe Jordan Love is gonna get a, a, a a I think Jordan Love already got paid. CJ SRA is about to get a boatload of money after this year. If he, if he, if he could replicate what he did is rookie year.


Yeah. He gonna get it. He gonna get, he gonna get a big, he gonna get a hold on T Higgins with David Mulet too. No, he is Rock. He with Rock. He and he and T went with Rocky. Yeah. He just went Rock because he was with David Mulet. And see David Mulet don't cut no deals. Oh no. David mug don't cut no deals. And that's why in Cincinnati say if you wanna stay here, which at the end of the day, the agent's gonna do what you want him to do because he works at the behest of you. Excuse me. Take it. Okay.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17. Not admitted without parent.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me. And while the Florida Gators won first played a great second half and competed at a high level, the second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Texting privacy policy in terms and conditions posted at text terms, us texting roll for recurring automated text marketing messages, message data rates may apply. Play stop, top out, consult a doctor prior to use. Wow, you look amazing. What have you Been doing? I'm sure you've heard of Ozempic Wegovy and the other GLP one medications. Right. Well I found this great company called Zelie. If you qualify, their providers can prescribe medications like Ozempic and wegovy and other GLP one medications that are 80 to 90% less expensive, all 100% online. I can Get GLP one medication for 80 to 90% less and do it all online. No doctor's office or Pharmacy. Yes, zepi can provide Semaglutide or tirzepatide the active ingredients in Ozempic and other expensive GLP ones, but for 80 to 90% less and ship directly to your door. How do I Get started with Zelie? Just send them a text. Text Fast to 200 300 to get started today with zelie. Get the same active ingredients in Wegovy or ozempic, but for 80 to 90% less and 100% online. Don't wait. Text fast to 200 300 right now for a link to your exclusive offer. Text fast to 200 300. That's fast to 200, 300. Fast to 200 300.


Quick get a pen and write this web address down body bundle.com. My company just changed its name to body. That's body with an I from Beachbody On Demand Interactive. I know some people wanna get a Beachbody and that's what our P 90 X and Insanity programs are known for. But everybody wants a strong healthy body and we've built the most effective catalog of proven programs from beginner to advanced, combined with easy to follow eating plans and our exclusive superfood nutrition shake that helps curb your cravings and gives you healthy energy. That's shakeology a total game changer. And today I wanna help you get the fast results you want by summer. So we've reduced the price of the body bundle total solution from over $300 to just 1 29 0.95. That's our whole catalog of over 140 programs plus Shakeology with a money back guarantee. It's time to love your body. So go to body bundle.com for details. That's Body with an i body bundle.com.


He works at the behest of you David mug. Alet like, bro, what we try to do and see this is what baseball players do. They're not gonna give you no deal OCHO because they're sitting in the market for the guy that comes behind them. Yeah. That's why Sohail, Tony got 700. Juan Soto says, I gotta go to say I gotta go higher. I gotta, I gotta keep bumping up. Boom, boom, boom, boom. I gotta keep climbing. Right. Ain't no discounts. He wanted to stay in Cincinnati. He knew in order for him to stay, we gonna have to take a discount. David mug letter understands that I'm actually trying to increase the market because I thought, yes, I wanna do what's in the best interest of my client, but I also want this market to keep rising.


Right. So you think either per, Dave was probably suggesting that he leave? Yes, Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, because You know, he knows he would've got more than a one year deal and he'd got probably two to three years fully guaranteed. Right. Because Understood. What about the other receivers? Because you gotta think about what about the other receivers? Because now other receivers come out, they gonna be looking like, well, hold on, you just saw T Higgins what he got. He was free too. Yeah. And so they try to, they try to put you against each other because that's what you left. That's the chip. I don't know who the next big time receiver coming out, but I'm looking at, I'm looking at Chase. I'm looking at what Chase got. I'm not, look, I'm not looking at what, oh, well you see what T did or I don't care what T did that's on T.


I saw what Chase got and I'm up And I want to get it. And it's probably gonna be Puka. I think it's gonna be Puka Ocho a late round pick. He's going into his third year. They're gonna do something with him after this year, After this year, this year early. Yeah. But look, hey, listen, if the Rams are smart, they'll do it. Hey listen, they'll do it this early. He won't get as much a Chase though. But here's the thing though, Ocho, he's going into his third year as a late round draft pick. He only got three years. Oh, We only got three, three or four years. Three. Oh, matter of fact, You know what they, You know, they, they might do too for that the middle of the season, if he having one hell of a season Yeah. And putting the numbers up and going crazy. They might catch him in the, in the middle of the Season.


No, I'm good. I don't do the middle of season. I like to stay focused. Yeah, yeah, I know what you mean. I know What you mean. You know what I'm saying? Don't joke. I like to stay focused. Yeah. And y'all talking about, And I talking about money. I can't stay focused, don't you? I bet You know what, they gonna let you focus. That's why they just talk to your agent. They let they, they let the agent take care all that. But if you balling out, which I'm, I'm assuming he's probably gonna do, I'm not sure how many catches or or production that Devonte Adams will probably take away from him. But man, they finna go bananas. And I hope, I hope they using Devonte Adams the right way. I hope they don't do what they did to goddamn Cooper Cup. Understanding how they worked them outta the offense and putting Pook naco in the positions that Cooper Cup used to be in. Well, what happened was, you remember the first year pka got there.


Cooper got hurt. Yeah. The second year he missed some time also. So now they say, well, we got concerns about your durability and availability. You know, the best ability you have is availability. Availability. Yeah. And, and that's, that's what I tell Aren. Yo, you, you've never been injured, but you saw, see you've been in locker rooms where guys have been injured and it's almost like that guy ain't even on the team. And one thing about it, think about the NFL in general, people in the chat think about the NFL in general and how great some of the players are or, or were just in the history of the game in general. And you always think about it and everybody's replaceable.


I I sometimes in life I hear people say, oh, I'm not replaceable. You are never gonna find nothing like me. Yeah, They will. Can you imagine What there's always that don't mean they won't, they won't try. That don't mean they won't look, be, look, Hey man, there's always something else out there. Always. And this is when it comes to receivers, they might not be as great as Jerry Rice. They might not be great as Randy Moss. They might not be great as Terrell Owens. But there's always someone out there that will be able to feel the production. Maybe not as much, but they get the job done. The team look, they gonna tolerate behavior until they can replace behavior. Yeah, Absolutely, bro. They traded Jerry, they trade, they cut Jerry Rice, they traded Joe Montana.


They cut Emmett Smith. Yeah. Hold on. Hey Bruce Smith, do I need to, do I need to Any other greats? Hey, all, All the greats, huh? All of 'em, very few have been able to finish their career where they, where they want to. Very few have been able to do it. Larry Fitzgerald. Did Tom Brady walk. I don't even say no. They let Tom Brady walk. Yeah, that's it. That's it. Hey. That's the prime example of it. Nobody's been able to do it. Larry Fitzgeral was able to no. Have an illustrious career, great career and one place and always, always be in good stance with management and ownership. Yeah. Still happen.


Yeah. You see Dan Marino play at one place for 16, 16, 17 years. John played at one place for 16 years. That doesn't happen. That doesn't happen often. You see Pay Bennett. Nick, I pate Manny. Hey Manny. I I was just gonna say you, you took it right. You took it right out my mouth. Yeah. Some of the greats. So that's what they, that's what they do. That's what they do. So Brian Sharp Heimer oddly dropped some inside information about Kyle Murray today. He said the former Cardinal's offensive line coach and new Dallas offensive C Ooc. Clay Adams told him, Kyle Murray never really wanted to run Ojo. What do you make of this? I like it.


I like it. I think for dual threat quarterbacks that as people that are scouts or in positions of power, they always view dual threat quarterbacks as running quarterbacks. I know Kyle Murray short, I know he's dynamic with his legs and extending plays and doing things off script. But I wanna be known as a first throw quarterback. And how do you do that? By extending plays, by being able to go through the process of reading from one, two, and three or maybe four sometimes and only running when you have to. And I'm sure maybe that's a conversation he had with him, which is why he came out and said it. If that's something Kyle is working on and wanting to be a throw first quarterback, then so be it.


Look what Lamar Jackson's been able to do. Look what Lamar look. Look how he has come and gotten so much better at, You know what, I'm gonna be a throw of the ball first And I'm only gonna run the ball unless I have to. As opposed to looking at my first read, my first read out there, I've taken off the ball. I think that for, for me, Ocho, what makes Kyle Murray scary is his legs don't know about fear. Kyle Murray arms. Yeah. I just don't, But You know what I, I like that you said that, but he can't throw the ball. He being his anticipatory skills are very good. And then you got Marvin Har Maron Harson Jr. You don't have to run the ball no more. Yeah, he does ocho because here's the thing is that he's an undersized quarterback and what makes him dynamic in what makes him lethal is his legs.


So it's the same thing that RG three ran into RG three is like, I don't wanna run. If daddy went in there and said I wanted to be paid Manning, I wanted to be Tom Brady. When he, when he was never that. Right. I mean, oh, Joey's like all of a sudden, oh Joe, you vegan. Hold on. What can you let me build up to it? Hell, I've been eating meat for 25 years and all of a sudden you tell me now I gotta cut out chicken, I gotta cut out fish. Yeah. I gotta cut out seafood, I gotta cut out. I gotta cut out all animal protein and go straight strictly plant-based. Can I get some time to build up to that? I'm not saying that eventually you can't build up to that, but I'm saying to do this cold Turkey. Damn. Hmm. Nah, it's a process.


It's a process. It's a process. Hey listen, everything you just named right there, everything you just named is that you have to exclude that from your diet if you become vegan. Yeah. Oh my God. Hey, I'm not trying to be funny and no disrespect to anybody that's in the chat that might be vegan or that might see the flip, but that sounds Miserable. And you gotta stop eating hooah too. That Stop. Gotta stop eating it meat, ain't it? I ain't got nothing to do with it ain it me, I mean, it it, yeah, it depend on who it is. Yeah. No more booty either. No more run roast. You been eating run roast for a long time. Done and done. That's done dead.


DOA dead on the rival. Hey, that's funny. I, I don't, I don't see how people do it And I, I mean, no disrespect, I don't know how people, You know, choose to be vegan. I don't know how people choose to be tarian and I don't know how people choose to be. What else? What's the other one you Mean pescatarian? I said, I said pe Tarian. That's what I said. Pescatarian. Okay. Yeah. That what, what's another one? You got? Vegetarian? Vegan. Vegetarian is like, sometimes you could eat, like maybe you eat fish or maybe eggs. Vegan is that It's all plant based. Plant based.


Excuse Me. Hey, how do you live like that? Huh? I'm, I'm just saying in general, You Know, I mean, they say what you gotta give off with your no to, you can't lick on no toes, no elbows. No, no boo. I'm just saying There's nobody in that chat or anyone that is vegan, vegetarian or, or, or what's the, what's the last one? Vegetarian. Vegan. A pescatarian. Yeah. There's no way you can tell me you're actually happy with your choice in, in, in, in diet. And you, you gotta be miserable. I just, I You can't, you're not, I It's impossible. The food is too good. It's too good. Yeah, it, it, it, yeah.


Hold on your boy. You, you wouldn't last long, huh? And what? And a vegan. No, I wouldn't, I wouldn't even try. There's no point. There's there's no point. There's no point. I'm not sure what people are trying to do. Maybe I wanna be a little bit more healthy or whatever it is you working on your diet. Maybe, maybe it's for, for health reasons, but I, I just can't do it. Eat, eat what you want to eat. You know, anything, whatever's gonna happen to you is gonna happen to you no matter what No matter. No matter what you do. Yeah. You, you are right about that. But I get, I I, I think the thing is is that, You know, once Cali got injured and he looked at it, I got injured running the football, I didn't get injured in the pocket, I got injured running the football. Right. So maybe, maybe that played a role into it.


Look, I don't think any quarterback wants to run. I wanna put some ball in somebody else's hand. Hell, I wanna do as little work as possible. Right. But I think the thing that makes him so dynamic, the same thing that makes Lamar now Lamar doesn't run nearly, he, excuse me, Lamar runs as a last resort. Yeah. Not as a first option. Right. And his game elevated. But if you see the process and the steps that it took for him to get to where he is now, now people upset. Run Lamar down. Yeah. Yeah. He said talk to boy, run the damn ball. Get your ass outta the pocket. Roy, Do what you do best. Yes. But I like the, I like the fact that he's evolved and become a packed pocket passer first.


Matter of fact, he go through his progression, go from one to three and come all the way back to one before he take off. Yes. If he runs the ball, he's running outta the line now. Hey, I would never play him two man, because the last thing I want him to do is jump out the window and take off my And everybody turn their back. No man, please. I gotta have eyes on him. Me personally, I gotta have eyes on him. Hey, If anything listen, you, you play two man and have a spy. Yeah, But who's that spy gonna be Xavier worthy? You ain't been catch him. Hey, that's funny. Yeah. I can only think of two linebackers. I can only think of two middle linebackers in the NFL that would be successful, inspiring Lamar Jackson based on their athletic ability and then being able to laterally Fred Warner.


I'm not saying he's fast enough. I'm saying his ability to close the gap and be able to make tackles without, without getting shook. Franklin Franklin, Zaire Franklin Franklin. No, hell no. Fred Warner stay with me now. And I, there's one more that's very small and athletic. He can move sideline and sideline. Golly. It was right on the tip of my tongue. Fred Warner, Zaire Franklin guy. I was, I I just had it. I just had it. It was right there. He's small and underside, but boy, he can go Guy. He's gonna come to me, he's gonna come. Hey Man, Lamar go make Oh, Milano Milano.


That's what I'm trying To man. Milano from Buffalo. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think about Milano before the injury. Yeah. I don't know. Boy, we talking about Skyline, the sideline and coming downhill. Well Man, he better, he better be what you call him. He better be have some bon leg because Lamar gonna make somebody tear some stuff. Oh yeah. Yeah. Because the last thing You know man, he gonna start and stop and I'm out. Yeah. But hey, Kyle never really wanted to run. Hey, I don't think most quarterbacks wanna run. No. And Shit, them licks hurt them Ls hurt. So, and you're not, they're not used to taking licks Like, You know, blood shots. Right, right. So that's the last thing that you wanna do. But


glad he shared that with on April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17. Not admitted without parent.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me, me, and why The Florida Gators won first played a great second half and competed at a high level. The second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness,


texting Privacy policy and terms and conditions posted at text terms, us texting rules for recurring automated text marketing messages, message data rates may apply. Play, stop, stop out, consult a doctor prior to use.


Wow, You look amazing. What have you been Doing? I'm sure you've heard of Ozempic Wegovy and the other GLP one medications. Right? Well I found this great company called Zelie. If you qualify, their providers can prescribe medications like Ozempic and wegovy and other GLP one medications that are 80 to 90% less expensive, all 100% online. I can Get GLP-1 medications for 80 to 90% less and do it all online. No doctor's office or pharmacy. Yes, Zel can provide semaglutide or tirzepatide the active ingredients in Ozempic and other expensive GLP-1, but for 80 to 90% less and shipped directly to your door. How Do I get started with Zelie? Just send them a text. Text Fast to 200 300 to get started today with zelie. Get the same active ingredients in Wegovy or ozempic, but for 80 to 90% less and 100% online. Don't wait. Text fast to 200 300 right now for a link to your exclusive offer. Text fast to 200 300. That's fast. To 200, 300. Fast to 200 300.


Quick get a pen and write this web address down body bundle.com. My company just changed its name to body. That's body with an I from Beachbody On Demand Interactive. I know some people wanna get a Beachbody and that's what our P 90 X and Insanity programs are known for. But everybody wants a strong healthy body and we've built the most effective catalog of proven programs from beginner to advanced, combined with easy to follow eating plans and our exclusive superfood nutrition shake that helps curb your cravings and gives you healthy energy. That's shakeology a total game changer. And today I wanna help you get the fast results you want by summer. So we've reduced the price of the body bundle total solution from over $300 to just 1 29 0.95. That's our whole catalog of over 140 programs plus Shakeology with a money back guarantee. It's time to love your body. So go to body bundle.com for details. That's body with an i body bundle.com.


Chief fans points out the NFL changes the rules. The last two times, the Buffalo bills lost. Buffalo did not win the overtime game. Hey, my homeboy got the ball first. They never saw the ball. Buffalo didn't get a first down. Now we see a Hawkey rule change. Yeah. Measured the ball. Is It, is it, is it coincidental? You think? Is it coincidental? No, because listen, many coincide. Too many coincidence is not a coincidence. Right. Ah, I like that. I like that. And now they be taking a step further. So now moving forward, they have adopted the college rule.


Every team possesses the ball. Now they did take, what, what is it, 10 minutes, I think 10 minutes on the clock I think. But that was the over all the old overtime rule, right? Or did they increase it since everybody's getting the ball? I'm not sure. But a lot of teams, because it used to be okay, overtime was sudden death first team get through there, you, you score, you kick a field goal, boom, you win the game. Then they say nah, if you kick a field goal, the other team get a chance to score a touchdown and beat you then the Score. Yeah. And so now it doesn't matter what happens, you could score a touchdown, but the other team will get an opportunity to possess the football. Do you like that rule? Don't Joe, I love it. I think it's fair.


I think it's fair. Instead of putting the onus on the defense, now we have no choice but to make a stop if they get the ball first and win the coin talks. Allow our team allow our offense to get the ball as well. If you guys happen to get a field goal or get a touchdown, give us a chance. Give us a chance and put your defense out there and force them to make a stop. Just like we had to make a stop, but we couldn't do it. Okay. I think, I think it, it, it, even as a playing field makes the game fair as opposed to most of the time with a team like Kansas City winning the coin toss and overtime, if they win the coin toss, man listen, nine times outta 10 they gonna get some points. It's gonna be, if it ain't seven, it's gonna be three. So you like, you like the rule. Both teams piss possess in the Football. I love it. I like it.


I like both teams getting an opportunity on. So My, my question is, yeah, okay. Yeah. So because in college you score. Yeah. Now you placed the ball on the 25 NFL you score, you're gonna have to kick it off because hey, somebody might run the kickoff back. Come back. Yeah. But see the thing, the thing is Ocho is that the rule? Especially if I would always defer because that way it gives me an opportunity to know. 'cause fourth down I'm lying. Yeah. You see what happened with the 49 ERs. I don't know why they took the ball first and then because they bowl. I think they were under the function if they scored first Super Bowls. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. They wanted to put the pressure, they wanted put the pressure on the chiefs.


Yeah. You put the pressure on the team by score the field goal and now they know what they gotta do. They gonna keep going four on four fourth down. Right. They get the down every time. No, I, I wanna, I wanna know what I need this, I wanna know what I need in order to, to beat you. Mm. Because I know, hey, okay I get a field goal. Boom, boom boy I know I'm cool, I'm cool. Right. But I listen, I like, I like the thought process. Shannon Han especially in a situations like that, you think about Super Bowl, it's a precious situation. You know, how can we put the chiefs back against the wall? You know what we gonna take the ball from? Not by scoring score three. Exactly. We're not scoring three. I'm gonna hope, I'm going to hope that bro Purdy, those boys can go down there and get a seven.


If you can get a seven. What A game would've been over. Huh? The game would've been over. Oh, that's right. I'm tripping. Yeah, You're right. Now they changed, they changed the rule this year now, yeah. Is that both people get an opportunity to possess it like the old college did. And so now both teams score. If there's time, I think in this situation, Ocho I honestly think yeah, they're probably gonna be more ties. Whoa, whoa, ties. Nah. Yeah, Because it's not, it's, it's not like a playoff game. Ocho if, if you're tired to overtime you keep going. If you tired after the overtime it's over.


Well, it depends on how many overtimes we talk about. Don't, no matter you don't give a one 1%. Oh, that's okay. I don't like that. Now that, that, that's boring Now that I don't Like, and the playoffs, You know, the, somebody got a score cup, somebody gotta advance. But in the regular season, it's not like that. Okay. So You know, that's how, that's basically, that's basically like soccer in the regular season. Yeah. Game in one one, that's it. Unless it's some type of championship or tournament. Right. Where someone has to dance to the next round. Yeah. Okay. I I I don't like that. You don't like not now. I don't like No, no. I, No, you want somebody, you want somebody to play until they win. Exactly. And we don't need no draws. Hey, we don't need no draws. You, You want somebody, man, you want the joins to be out there. Now what if they gotta play on Thursday night and they go three overtime?


See? Oh, okay. That's right. But also think about, think about the gambling. Think about the gambling. Yeah. Now you add that, Now you add the dynamic and aspect of, You know what, if you, if you get the draw right or two team draw, You will lose because if, if, if, well you either lose or you will push. Because here's the thing, normally times the spread is always a half. Yeah. Because You know your team can't score two and a half. They can't get three and a half. Right. See that messes everything It does from a gambling perspective. It does. It does. So Vegas is not too happy about this, but hey, but it's gonna be, it's, it's gonna be interesting. I'm interested to see, hey Buffalo, y'all gotta build the right side of history.


Hey ain saying y'all had a lead with 13th. Listen, Ocho, you deserve to lose. Yeah. If you have a lead with 13 seconds And you allow a team to get in field goal range, you deserve to lose. You earned that loss. Why would you? Yes they did. Why would you leave the open side of the field open like that Ocho and not you got to press somebody And you see Travis Kel and, and and my homeboy talking. They're like, oh, hold on. Ain't nobody wanna come up Trav. So y'all just go give a free run. Just let him off the ball JustCo free. All he does is belly. He puts it on him. And now he runs now and he gives thou book called timeout in Buckner.


Bye-bye. Yeah. But that's exactly what all happened. Now you get the overtime you don't get, now you've already let them get a rhythm mocho because remember they just went and got field goal range in 13 seconds. You lose the coin, Charles, they're in a rhythm And you see my home go pathetic, boom, boom, boom, boom, Boom, right down the field And it's over. So I, I, You know, a part of me does like it because You know, both teams get to possess the ball. But damn defense, You know, they playing the defensive guy, You know, miles Gary making 40 million. They got a DB bank at 30 million.


Damn. Stop them. I ain't saying you gotta keep 'em the end zone, but just keep 'em to a field goal. Yeah, you be but don't break. Right. So that's the, the, the Chiefs fans, this is what the chiefs are saying, but damn, every time Buffalo, they want Buffalo get to the Super Bowl so bad. They change the rules, they help them. And guess what we, they gonna find another way to lose. You can't keep running the same play it would Yeah. Me personally, Ocho and I've seen it. I don't think he got it. I don't think he got the first down. Wait, we know he didn't get the first down. They didn't showed every different thing when the fact he would've got the first down. Obviously if he wasn't in that scrum and he could've reached the ball out.


Yes. But he understood reaching the ball out, they knock it out. You don't get the same protection as the goal line because the field of play is not the goal line. You can't do this like, oh, I reached it over the first down marker, somebody knock it out your head and then they whoop gone. And that's the only reason he didn't get the first down because he had to keep the ball Against his body. Protected things have gotten spicy between Chad's, Ochocinco Johnson Bengals and, and Hendrick. Trey Hendrickson first executive vp Katie Blackburn said this on yesterday. It is on him to be happy at some point. And that's right. That's, he thinks he should be happy at a certain point rates that maybe he doesn't think he'd be happy at.


Hendrickson told bat bag of feed today. He thought it was April Fool's joke. Hendrickson called the time is confusion because he'd been talking to the team about a long term deal for the last few years and it was communicated to him that this something would get done this off season. There's a little disappointing because communication has been poor over the last couple of months. That's something I hold high regard. They, they have not communicated with my agent directly. It's been something that's been, You know, a little bit frustrating. And you said he does not have any desires to be the highest paid or the first in line. And he, he's been patient it's possible, but made it clear that he's looking for an incentive for incentives that will be outta my control or a short term, a short term deal given his stated desire for a long-term contract that includes guaranteed money.


35 SPACs the last two years aren't Joe. Yeah. Oh, he was the first team all pro. He led the league in Sax last year with 17 and a half and This year. That, that's tough. That's that's tough, huh? I think the Bengal's in a tough spot. Trey Hendrickson is in a tough spot. Bengal fans in a tough spot. The organization is in a tough spot. You know how you pay, You know, your quarterback 55, you pay your wide receiver one a 40, you pay your wide receiver one B 30, 35, 30, whatever it may be. And Now you have Trey Henderson who deserves to be paid within the top three, top five at his position. How do you pay him as well?


I I I, I don't know. I I don't rob Rob Peter will pay Paul. I Well We're, we're Peter where first of all, Peter and Paul already robbed you. Yeah. And then, You know, you listen to the comments that he says about, You know, not wanting to be the highest paid. Well the comments that Katie made as well. Katie says, well, you need to be happy. Was that my doorbell? I didn't hear Nothing. Am I too loud? Oh, oh, well, yeah, maybe Katie's saying that maybe you need to be happy with the rate that we're offering, You know, on the deal that, that that been set or given to you.


But again, you understand that when, when it comes to the business side of things, which is why Asian is needed, they always low ball you. You know, and that's when negotiations have to happen. So listen, I hope both sides get something done. If Trey Hendrickson isn't able to play with the Bengals, he's had one hell of a career here. He's been a tremendous player. Not just on the field, but in the community as well. So I really want him to get what he deserves, even if it's not, not with us. I think so too. Oh, Joe, You know, the, the problem that I have is that the contract is only binding when you want to. Right. When you want to renegotiate or break it When They want, when they cut you because you haven't performed, ain't no contract.


It Ain't no problem. Ain't no issues. And the fan don't come to your defense either. No, But we don't fan don't come To you, But let you ask for more money, let you hold out, let you have gripes and situations about what you think you deserve based on your value and the work you've put in. Oh boy, you all type of selfish and Yeah. Diva and disgruntled that you're right. That's, that's always, that's always been the nature of the business for some reason. I'm not sure how it happened or, or, or, or what fans have always thought because their heart and their loyalty is to the team. And I'm not sure how owners have fooled the fans into believing that the players are the bad ones. They Do. I'm not sure how they've done it, but they, they, Because they frame it like, oh, we're doing everything we possibly can.


You know, the, with the salary cap is what it is. And what we try to do, we pay everybody a quarterly. I know y'all got a check for 400 million. What's the salary cap, Joe? Now I'm saying when you, when you do with ESPN and Fox and Amazon and what Netflix gave you and what CBS gave you. Okay. I know what those corporate sponsors are paying you now. That's just from the national side. You got your own TV deal locally. Yeah. You got your own radio deal locally. You have your own local advertising deals locally. Yeah. You have concession, you have merchandise merch. Yeah.


Don't, don't, don't get me started. There's so many different, so many different avenues of revenue that teams ran and, and it's something that people don't even know about. Yeah. They like, like when you get into terms O oh they say buckets. This is what they, they use the term buckets. There's so many buckets. There's the yeah, there's the, the network bucket, which is CBS and A-B-C-C-B-S and ESPN, Fox. Amazon, Fox, NBC, that's a bucket. And then you get Nike deal. That's a bucket. Yeah. You got bowls, heads, bowls, headset. That's a bucket. Hold on. What, what about the stadium name bucket? What about the, the, the stadium name, right?


Say Yes. Yes, yes. What is at t Board Field Highmark. Yeah. Mercedes. Mercedes. Mercedes. Yes. Yes. So that's the only thing I don't like about it. I, I, I, look, I ain't got no problem. And my thing is, okay, I'll sign a contract and I'll honor it as long as you honor it too. The Volume,


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March Man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag Chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, Yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create A pool.


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down. Dude, wipes come in a variety of sense and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with TP wetter. Just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your be ho and make the trade of the season with Switch to Dude wipes, the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude, wipes best clean hands down.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.