
15 Tmobile, Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen Report,


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and Victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness. With Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam OS. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere


These days. It feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of order and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had aous have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement of colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 in estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the route runner extraordinaire. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your continued loyal support. Check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. What better way to celebrate a joyous occasion than with a bottle of shade by La Porter.


Now if you cannot find it, any city or state near you, trust me, we will be coming in the coming week, weeks and months. Order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirt and hat. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. So please make sure you order yours now. Ocho ocho, the Thunder beat, the rockets Shave 51 SGA, his fourth 50 piece this year.


And they all come in like the last six weeks. Yeah, January 22nd he had 54. The 29th he had 52. February the fifth he had 50. And tonight he had 51. It is his MVP to lose as great as Yoic is playing and he's playing Unbelievable. Yeah. SGA is the MVP. He's played out Stanley. He's controlling the pace of the game. Now you look at them, they're deep Jalen Williams, they got Ca Cason coming off the bench. They got Isaiah Joe coming off the bench. They can defend at the high level. They got Caruso or another defender that can defend at the high level coming off the bench. We know what Lou dod is a tremendous wing defender, but they got scoring at the ying yang.


But shade tonight 51 or 18 or 35 or nine for three. Perfect. From the free throw line. Jalen Williams, eight of 16, four or five from the three point line, four six from the free throw line. He had 21, he had 24. Holmgren had 11. Lou Dorn had 11, Hartenstein had eight. And then you had Wallace with 14. Wiggins didn't shoot the ball well tonight, but we know it's just a matter of time. Yeah, the Rockets didn't play bad ocho. No. You know, they shot 49% from the floor. 46% from the three 82% from the free throw line. But you allowed OKC to shoot 50% from the floor. 46% from the three. And they shot 89% from the free throw line.


And they shot what, 10 more free throws than what you shot. Yeah. But You know, I I, You know, I joke a lot about the Lakers, but man, I understand what OKC is. I'm not, I'm not foolish enough to like, You know, I joke with 'em, but you don't get to the record that they have OCHO Right. And not be a good ball club. They're a very, very good ball club. They're very well coached and they starting to, they believe that they're this good. You know what, not only are they very well coached, not only are they a good ball club when you have a player like SGA, he's not secluded. He's not secluding the other of his teammates around him. He's the type of player. When you think about a Kobe, he makes those around him better.


Everybody's scoring. You gotta think he done got 50 though. He done got 50 or 51 a night and we not talking about him being selfish. You know how efficient you gotta be where everybody else can still contribute to the scorecard. Yeah. And you, yeah. Seven Fifth. Yeah. And you still drop 51 50 man, you what? This is fourth one all this year. Fourth one in the last five weeks. And listen, Six weeks. Listen Young, Listen Young Bull SJ is different. And like you said it's, it's, it's his his award to lose. Yep. But I don't, I don't, I don't see it hop, I don't see it happening. He's two, he's two consistent night in the night out to lose MVP this year. I'm listen at this point they might as well give it to him. I'm not How many more weeks we got left?


Three, four a month. Yeah. Listen, he got a What record? They got 60. They got 21 games. Let's see, they played 61 games. They got 21 games left. So they got 82. They they're 50 and 11. So they got 21 games left Ocho, They might as well just go ahead and give it to him now. Yeah. And then I me, I mean no disrespect what jokers doing, they might as well give it to him now. Yeah. Oh look, he's played unbelievable. OOI mean you can't, I mean look at his record. Okay. What are you basing it on? Team record The Number one in the Western conference, sir. Okay. Yes sir. What does his stat looks like? He, I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think he's second. He might be leading the league in scoring now currently. Right.


So he might be leading the league in scoring. Their offensive rating is out the yin yang. He doesn't turn the ball over. He facilitates, as you mentioned, he gets everybody else involved. Involved. There's nothing not to like about this kid. And it just goes to show you Ocho. You look at him from where he was as a rookie. Yeah. And you look at how much better he's gotten from the time he was a rookie until now. That's why I say it's hard for me to believe. Right. I'm not saying that everybody's gonna take a meteoric jump like him, but it's hard for me to believe that you can do something and you practice at it that you won't get incrementally better. Better. You have to. And now, You know, we haven't talked, we talked about it how good he is on the offensive side of the ball, You know, and his offensive prowess, his ability to score putting the ball on the floor.


Excuse me, stuff like that. Oh, we forgot to mention his defense. We just forgot to mention his defense. He's also playing defense. Yeah. He's out there in steals. He does lead the league ojo this year. He has the most 50 point games with four. He has the most 40 point games with nine. He has the most 30 point games, 38. He has the most 20 point games, 59. So he's scored at least 20 points in all but two of their games. That's York. He leads the NBA in scoring by over 300 points. So he's gonna lead the league in scoring. Now look, I I think he Giannis and Yolk will be unanimous. MVP of excuse me, unanimous alt NBA selections.


Right. And rightfully so. But Shaa right now Shaa is Shaa. If he is a unanimous MVP Ocho as well as Yoki playing as well as Giannis is playing. Right. I'm not gonna hold you, I'm not gonna be mad at you say you named this man MVP because that's how well he's playing. That's how well his team is playing. And so if you go back and look at it, look at with Steph one, unanimous MVP, right? They were, oh, that was the year they went 73 and nine. So with that being said, yeah, he, he, it was a unbelievable game. And like I said, Houston didn't play bad. Now they did not have a a a sung goon.


They did not have Van Fleet. What's the Dylan Brooks didn't play. They were without a lot of their key guys. Those are three starters right there. But maybe it's a closer game. I mean they gave up 137. I mean you gave up, they gave up 63 at the half and then they give up a 39 piece and then they give up a 35. So you're not gonna win very many games if you give up 30 a quarter. And that's what they gave up. They gave up the, they gave up 30 a quarter and you're not gonna win a whole lot of games. You put 'em on the foul line, they shoot a bunch of free for a a team. Yeah. They get to the foul line. OKC gets to the fo line. They shot 27 in May 24.


That crazy. You, you would think like, hold on, they shooting 30 plus threes and they're still getting to the free throw line. Yeah. K Shay does, k sha gonna get to line 10 to 15 after night. He, he, he's aggressive. He's aggressive. Any be range. But hey, I'm you ever, you watch this game when he get the ball in his hands, unc he coming and he coming up court. There's no wasting time. There's no playing with the ball. There's no at times running plays and You know, setting squeezes. But outside of that, when it's one-on-one, he's at you make a move and go. Yeah, he's, he's, he's he's taller than you think. Yeah, he's a big guard. He's like six. He's like six four. So he's a big point.


Six four is short in the NBA, You know that Aren't, not for a point. It ain't, You don't think so? No. You got point, you got point guard six seven to six eight bring the ball Up. Yeah. You, you talking about Luca? You talking about Luca, right? Carrie ain't that tall? Steph ain't that tall Van Flea ain't that tall. You go and go Jamal Murray's not that tall. D Deon Fox isn't that tall, Right? Oh, he's six six. My bad. I I shorted the man two inches. He's six six. He's six six. And so when you look and the thing is Ocho, the way the pace in which he plays, he can post you. He got mid range now he's got the three ball that falls he can get to the rim.


So really offensively he doesn't have any weaknesses. Yeah. And guess what? You gonna put him on the foul line? He gonna get to the foul line. So now either you foul him or you let, he makes it. Now the only thing that you hold when the ball go, because he's in a zone right now. Yeah. All you hope is that the rim don't like it and spit it out. That's that. You just hoping don't you like, damn, I hope the rim don't like this shot and That and you, you got, you gotta have hope and a prayer for that. Especially when somebody locked in like that week night out night. This the chances you spend, it's only, it is only a week left. I mean not the try a week only got about three, four weeks left before the season go Yeah. Up. And they might as well chalk it up. He not, he not finna lay down. Not with that mentality.


Nah, no, not With that kind mentality Because at the end of the day you still wanna, you still want 'em like all things being equal, I kind of wanna like have home court. So they're fighting with the calves on the other side to see who have home court throughout. Because if it comes down to a situation and they both make, makes it out of their respective conferences, I want you to come to me. I want game seven if necessary to be an okay, excuse me, to be an OKC. Right. But Shaa is playing unbelievable. He's, he's from start to finish. I think he felt Gilted last year that they, that Yoic won it. I didn't have a problem with Yolk winning it. When you look at the numbers and what he put up. Yeah, I think they felt bad.


Maybe the voters felt bad 'cause they gave it the Joe l and b the year before. 'cause he easily could have won it that year. And he's gonna be is he's kind like LeBron and Jordan. He's always gonna be in that top three. Always, always. He's gonna win. It'll beat the top three because of the numbers that he puts up. He's having in 28, 28, 13 and 10. He's a center. Ah, Yes. And so, but Shaa leading the league in scoring. He's up there in Steels, the best team in the Western conference. They're playing extremely well. I don't see how anybody else other than him wins that MVP and that's not a knock on yolk. I don't think Giannis has a chance to win it because his, his team record isn't what it needs to be.


But now if you want to throw JT in that mix, do you like Jason Tatum enough to put him in that mix? Considering how well the Celtics are playing? They're the number two seed in the east. But see I think the thing for me is that I think the thing that works against Jason Tatum and Chad, y'all let me know what y'all think. Are we sure Jason Tatum is the best player on our team? Wait, You know what I asked you, I asked you that last season. You remember All I know when it comes to the Awards? Wait, when it, when it, when it came to the playoffs, right? Yeah. Jason t Jason Tatum, Jason this Jason Tatum, this Jason Tatum that when I watched the game, obviously, You know, but the, for me, the game of basketball, it, I I wasn't on top of it like I should be, You know, so obviously I'm locking in with you watching the game so I can be able to talk about the playoffs and I'm watching the game and all I'm hearing in Jason Tatum's name.


But when I watch the game, all I'm seeing is Jaylen Brown. Yeah. So I'm thinking to myself in my head, well wait a minute, based on what I'm seeing on tv, it's different than what everybody else is telling me. Right? So I asked you last year, are you sure You know Jason Tatum is for one, one that can be in a position to be the face of the league. But hell Let alone you can't, he can't be the face of the league own when you're questioning whether or not he's the best player on his own team. Right? That's gotta be definitive. That's gotta be undeniable. Yeah. There is no ifs and buts about it. If there's anything he can't. So how you gonna be the face, supposedly the face of the league and you're not the best player on your own team? Because what we saw is one guy win finals, MVP we saw another the same guy win what?


Eastern Conference. MVP. We see that guy a lot of times takes the toughest matchups. He took Luca and still gave you the production that he gave you. Normally if a guy, if you're asking a guy to give you that kind of production offensively, he needs to take a rest defensively. But that's not what Jalen Brown did. He hounded him and then Yes, he could turn it over. Hey hol you take him. Okay, Derrick White. But initially I'm going to start on him. And that's not a knock on Jason Tatum. I think he's a phenomenal player. He's won three first team all NBA selections for a reason. He's a two time Olympic gold medal winning player for a reason. Yes sir.


This is not a knock. But at the face of the league, Jason Tatum is a comparable player. Excuse me. Jalen Brown is a comparable player. I I got a question too, and this is for the chat as well. Y'all tell me what you think. Let's say you take Jason, I mean, excuse me. Let's say you take Jalen Brown out the equation and he is not on the Celtics and you have someone else in that spot. Jason Tatum still there putting up the numbers he's putting up this year. Yeah. So is it case for Jason Tatum being the MVP this year enough? Is he still doing enough? No, He's not going The MVP this year. He, he, he can't do enough to overtake SGA and Yolk. No, it's gonna be, it's first of all, you're gonna have to have a season for a guy to win the MVP over Yoic because his numbers are gonna be this, he's gonna be somewhere around 27 points.


He's gonna be somewhere around 10 to 13 rebounds. Right. He's gonna be somewhere around nine to 11 assist. So in order for you to win it, you're gonna have to be like SGA averaging 32 33, your team success. You're gonna have to be, You know, 10 games above everybody else that's, You know, Lakers. And second, the nuggets are in third percentage points. So you 10 11 games ahead of them. Right. So in order for you to be win the MVP over yolk, because he's gonna be somewhere around second or third, he might get the first seed, but his numbers are gonna be so good. Kinda like when Jordan, his numbers were so good, it took Carmel on them winning 60 plus games. Him averaging 27 and 12 Right.


To overtake Jordan 30 and six. And they had a slightly better record, but they worked well together. I I I love the fact because a lot of times people would try to like, they need to get rid of one of 'em. The other, they similar but they figured it out. They found a way to play together and realized it was mutually beneficial for the both of them to remain together as opposed to split 'em apart. Because we see that so many times Yes, it rob it, it is robbed some teams of the potential championships because one guy wanted to be the lead dog. And I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be, I wanna be the lead dog.


I don't wanna be both of us in the harness together side by side. I need to be the lead dog. And I love that JT and jb they praise each other. They compliment each other. Yeah. I'm sure j JB was upset that he, he like, hold on bro. Hold on. I'm Eastern Conference. MVP I'm finals. MVP and you take two of my teammates. I understand, I understand JT because he was on the previous team, right. And he's been a three time first team all NBA selection since then. Yes sir. But bro, y'all take two of my teammates. Yeah. You know that, that, You know, that was personal huh? Something You Know, that was personal. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna lead that there.


So I'm glad they were able to, I'm glad they're able to work this together. 'cause they, they, they should be for the next five years. They probably should get a couple championships because both guys are under the age of 30. A young team. What is all depends. I think Pingus is up after this year and PGA a Fred, you got Derrick White signed to a long-term deal, right? You got holiday signed to a long-term deal. It's Peyton Prichard who there used the heartbeat off the bench. Right. He might get him a little country, somebody might break, break him off. Like, hey, come on over here, you can, you doing that for Boston? Come he has one more year. They'll probably look to extend him.


But good game tonight. OKC moved to 50 at 11 with a 1 37 1 28 victory over the Houston Rockets. The rockets dropped to 37 and 24. They were playing without Alfred Sango. They was Dylan Brooks and Van Fleet who's been out for an extended period of time. Dylan Brooks did get, although he didn't play, he was dressed but he didn't play.


Nah, we all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the leave. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs.


This Is Ashley Kennet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


Creativity doesn't weight and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart and sustainably sourced. Yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet. Yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators Everywhere


These days. It feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket


ocho. Kyrie was helped to the locker room after the apparent leg injury. He stayed in the game and drained two free throws before leaving the court with Kyrie. The question is, Ojo, you wanna put that The Mavericks game up, Kyrie playing this kind of and he has to out and you traded and you traded Luca. Yeah. So now, and you out live lively and you're without Daniel gaffer. So he's having a log minutes, try to keep them afloat until ad comes back. But you putting a lot of, you're putting a lot of, he's gotta do an awful lot. Yeah, He does. He gotta facilitate. He's got a score that's, that's, that's a lot When you, when you think about what he has to do with ad being out, a player like Kyrie of of his, excuse me, of his caliber.


That can, that can run the off, that can set things up, that can facilitate, that can get hot on any night. Especially when he has to score when the on is on him, when to lead the way Kyrie can do that. So when you say it's a lot, it's a lot to ask of him to do. Hey, he's the type of player, he's one of the ones that left Cleveland because he wanted to be the head dog. Right, Right, Right. So listen, this, This is your chance, this is the chance what you can do. But he's finding out there's a lot more going into it. OCHO is a lot more going into it than being the lead dog now. Yeah, you gonna score a bunch of points. Yeah. But at the end of the day people are gonna be looking at you like, bro, what's going on? Oh, okay. I see what you, I see what you're going With it. What about that team?


I mean he's aging the third most minutes per game in his career and he's doing it as he's starting to get older. Normally the minutes decrease. You play, if you go back to look at Kobe, you look at LeBron and you look at Jordan, they're playing 39, 40, I think one year LeBron played 42 minutes a night. Jordan was up there, Kobe was up there. But as you start getting 30, now you start coming back. Whoa, whoa. I need to be around somewhere between 35 and 37. What's averaging he might be 35, 37. 37, 30 Minutes. 37 37 30, 36 for, that's a lot of minutes. You know, You know it because here's the thing, there's a difference between playing 36 minutes and you got Luca running shotgun with you playing 36 minutes and you got ad 36 minutes and you got KD harden 36 minutes and you got LeBron.


Right. Because you can be out there on the court for 36 minutes and you can coast KD going get buckets. Har gonna get me buckets. Luca will get me buckets. LeBron ad bro, when you out there with the, you, you got the work. You know, sometimes I don't, Joe, you show up at the job, you, hey you just show up. You just there. I ain't doing no work today. I'm talking to everybody because hey, I know everybody else gonna do their job. Ugh. It ain't like that right now with Kyia Dallas and they're trying to do everything they can to kind stay in the sixth spot. Don't have to do the play in, they'll avoid the play.


You know, if you're in the sixth spot, you avoid the play in. And so they're hopefully, I'm sure they're hoping they can get ad back at some point in time. Probably have him reevaluated in the next seven to 10 days and see where that goes. But I wish re speedy recovery ho hopefully it is nothing serious. Was it was, did he hyperextended it or did he step on somebody's foot and twist his ankle? Which, which one was it? I didn't feel it. No, Joe Even, yeah, even, I mean, even even on the replay, I still couldn't tell he Hyperextended his knee What happened. But he could, he couldn't put it, he could put any weight on that foot. It, it was his right foot to, You know, to be exact. I'm thinking with them. Ha the way they helped him off the part, it wasn't a hyper extension. I think he twisted his ankle a little bit and I I'm not even gonna talk about my remedy to fix that to get him Back.


Oh, he stepped on the guy's ankle and his knee kind of buckled a little bit. Okay. That's unis I think. And when that valenti's he stepped on. Yeah. Yeah, he stepped, he stepped on it. He stepped on his foot. Hey, that, that's, hey, that's one of the worst things you could do. You ain't gonna tell me nothing. Know Hooper, you a hooper when you step on somebody's ankle and your eyes are are, are looking up. So you're not, you're not, you're not ready for it. And, and the foot is already relaxed too, so you getting all, all that man. Ooh, That's appealing. But that's not Appealing. Hope. Hopefully it is nothing major.


Hopefully it's just a little, a simple little tweak. Couple of days red, some ice. Right. And Kyrie will be able to come back because without Kyrie they're 32 and 30 right now. Where are they now? They're 10th. They're in the 10th spot. That's the play. That's the last spot for the play in. Yeah. It's not looking good. Nah. Which will be even worse for Nico Harris if they, if, because at one point they were where they were, I think they were in the fifth or the sixth spot and now all of a sudden ad comes in, have so much promise, he goes out and now you slide and you miss the playoffs and Luca and them are in the playoffs.


They go from seven to two. Yeah. And Nico, Nico Harris gonna look crazy after then, huh? Yeah. Really? He looking crazy as it is. But you had, so we'll find that you check this out Ocho lemme know what you think. Yes sir. The Dallas Mavericks raised ticket prices, site investments. The Dallas Mavericks revealed that they're raising their season ticket price next season. I think about an average of eight little, almost 9% just weeks after dealing Luca to the Lakers. The Maverick says season tickets will go up by 8.61%, which is about 9%. And the increase is due to ongoing investments in the team and fan engagements.


One fan tweeted 30 days ago, the Dallas Mavericks traded away their homegrown superstar called in fat and laughed in the fan's face about it today they decided to almost double the prices of my season tickets from the past couple of years. The new ownership is disgustingly out of touch. Hold on. Not not, not only are they out of touch, can you, can you gimme a better reason? What team, what business actually raises prices mid-season? No, this is the next season. Oh, oh, they, oh, okay, okay. Okay. Why Don't we getting your head up. Let you save your, like my s to say, boy, save your pen is up so you can get it. Oh, they let, they let You know ahead of time. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I'm get ready to say but that's, that's slightly disrespectful.


I I don't, and look, if the, they had kept Luca and say we gonna raise ticket prices, I don't think fans would've had anything to, had nothing bad to say about that decision. OCHO because it is Luca home. Because normally you wanna keep your homegrown, homegrown guys. Yeah, well definitely, Definitely. Especially if they wanna stay. Because a lot of times they get, You know, you see Zion, he wanted to leave AD wanted to leave. LeBron ended up leaving KD ended up leaving Russ left, harden left. Reggie, Jack, I mean so, so forth. And so the list goes on and on about you getting these guys and then them leaving Luca from all, from everything that I've read and people that was close to him that knows him. Right. He didn't wanna leave Dallas. Nah, The fans didn't want him to leave Dallas.


Yeah. Now if you ask Philly fans, they might not be so disappointed if you trade Joe l and b considering his injury history and he's missed as many games as he's played. Right. I don't think the fans was disappointed when they traded Ben Simmons considering the regression that they had started to see in his play. Luca, we saw no regression. We only saw Ascension in his play and they traded him. And after you trade him, you have the unmitigated gall, you have the audacity to bring your ass in here and talking about you raising prices now. And, and listen, I, and You know what, You know what also when, when Nico, when Nico Harris makes a move like that, one thing that you can stand on is hoping that whoever you trade for replaces the product that actually left.


And it makes the fans forget about the trade based on your production Yes. And what you do. But he's, he's been out And then to say what you say, what's gonna happen next year with you raising the prices. Well here, how about y'all fix next, how, how you fix this season first, fix the product on the court this season because then no fixing that Weren worried about we wouldn't have a problem paying for next season if what we wanted and we were getting was on point this year. Well ain't no fixing this year. This is your team moving forward. The question is, how soon does ad comes back and what's the severity of Kyrie's injury? Because if both is down for a substantial amount of time, this season is over, This season is over, you're not gonna be without four of your top six, seven guys and think you're gonna be make the playoffs.


That ain't happening. They're, they're, they're a good team. They're not that good. No team could overcome being without say a Kyrie or ad a gaffer a lively. That ain't happening. So the only thing they could hope is hope and pray that within the next seven to 10 days they can come back and they can go on a little run because they're not, it's not like they got a whole lot of game. It's not two much left in the season. Ojo. Yeah. It's one month left in the regular season. Yeah. And they need to figure this thing out. But it's bro, when you, when when, first of all fans, like we already being pinched. We already being pinched. You see they cutting jobs and, and and inflation and eggs and gas and milk and these prices are rising.


The cost of the cost of a family is rising. Yes. And bro, y'all just traded the person that I wouldn't mind paying $500 a game to come see I'm y'all traded him and now y'all asking me to pay seven 50. No, hell no. You, you think about, you think about, look at the landscape of the NBA on and you think about prices on how much tickets cost. There are two or three players on every team. On every team. I don't care how you, how you, how you look at it. Where fans are that, that, that put butts in the seats. This is about two or three players that actually put butts in the seats regardless of what the price of the tickets are. They make you forget about it. They make you forget about the economy. 'cause I know what I'm getting. Once they go watch these boys play.


Yeah. And you need superstars because of the NBA look. It's all about a superstar. Yeah. That's why the Lakers try to move heaven and earth to try to keep 'em. And for the longest time they've always had 'em, they had, I mean when they was in Minneapolis they had George Micah and then when they come to LA they had Baylor and they had Jerry West and then they make the trade, then they get wilt and then a couple of years later they get Kareem and then they drafted magic and they get Bob McAdoo and they draft James worthy and then they make the, they get Shaq and then they make the trade for Kobe and then they get LeBron to come. That's what the Lakers do. You have to have superstar people wanna see superstars.


The best of the best or what they'll do. You'll sell the building out when those superstars come. So when Steph Curry is only coming to your town, it's gonna sell out. When LeBron come, it's gonna sell out. Yeah. I mean when Jordan was in the league people team, you already knew Jordan gonna be a sellout. Kobe and Shaq gonna be a sellout. LeBron never was gonna be a sellout. You knew that, bro. I wanna sell out my, I want my home games to sell out regardless because we playing Not that y'all company. Not that y'all company, y'all company see somebody else. Right. Hey, can you imagine what the price, the tickets were core side when Kobe and Shaq were Together.


Oh my gosh. Can you imagine what the, the price and I know the, the price is probably extensive now and I'm sure it's going up since then, but can you imagine what it was? Oh yeah. Especially, well, especially come playoffs or big game. They play San Antonio or they play, You know, they, who else was, was the rival of theirs? Oh, Sacramento was a rival of there when they had Chris Webb and they had Jay will the the sons. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but now boy Luca Luca first game. Yeah. Which, which is Corly was Huh. It's just matter of fact, when you gimme the price of Cor side right now for a Lakers game, use a NFL player's number currently right now.


Don't tell me the number. Just gimme your NFL player Jersey number for better context. 'cause I don't wanna hear the price. 'cause it's gonna, it's gonna make me mad. You know. Don't, don't. Well you gonna be mad. First of all, they got, they got Luca and LeBron so the tickets are already gonna be high giraffe Hoohaw to begin with. Okay. Now think about when his first game he played Dallas. Yeah. Now it's his old team. Okay. Team. Everybody wanted to see that. So probably you're probably looking at about closer you go to center court, the more expensive the tickets you probably was looking at about 20 thou probably 25 ticket for center court.


Okay. Okay. I thought, I thought it'd been, I thought it'd been worse than that. Honestly. Now you go to the playoffs. I thought it'd been worse than that. No. Okay. Okay. But but come playoff time you dealing with the Lakers. I mean you like some tickets on your, you go sit courtside $52,000. That ain't happen in no liquor game. Nah. And it also depends on the city you go to. Yeah. And the food. Now you get everything. You mean you all the food free. Right. But what you pay for that ticket, it should be Right.


You know Access VIP. Yeah. 'cause I, I had had season tickets and you made me miss all my games. Who did Ocho? Wait, how did I make you miss all your game? You could've just took me to the games with you because You started Nightcap. Huh? Because you started Nightcap. I listen, I started Nightcap. But what you could have done is, is we could have been a part of a consistent routine of going to the legging game, sitting courtside. You could've sat there and taught me, You know, the intricacies of the game. How from court Side, how, how am I gonna sit, how are we gonna sit courtside and we coming on after the game? What are you talking about Jenny? I know Jenny bus. She would've gave us a private room in the back. We could have set up our nightcaps up right there after the game in the stadium.


Can you imagine? Nobody's doing nothing like that? No, But anyway, that's just, just an idea to throw throw at you next year. No, I'm good. I'm I gotta, I gotta save my Penn. What you saving for? Because I don't wanna work myself. I I don't wanna do this for the next 10, 15 years. I done told you about saving the past two years. You talk about flying private jets and flying first class. I ain't fly no private jet. You flew private telling me you would so you ain't fly private. And I told you it make that way. We just, there's no need to waste that kind of money where you can get to the same, same place from point A to point B on another airline. You forgot about that. You forgot that conversation. I mean, Sometimes sometime, You know, because Oh me, I wanna enjoy myself.


Yeah. I wanna enjoy myself. Oh, so now you done did a 180 9. It's about saving money. Yeah, I'd enjoy myself. So now I got, I got save. I I like it. I like I like you. I like, I like the growth. Now if we can get the growth in other areas and other facets of your life, we gonna be all right. Luca changed his mind on long running Lakers fans conspiracy. A notable theory has sprung up that opponents are so determined to beat them that the injured players intentionally target Laker games for their returns. Just yesterday for instance, normal Powell return for from a a five game absence to face the Lakers two games earlier, Dante Deso who had missed the previous 19 games before that Dwight Powell had missed 16 games.


Mellow Ball played a total 10 minutes in his last three games before the All-Star game were played. 33 against the Lakers. Immediately after the newest Laker noted that even he has spotted a trend. Luca Laughingly said, I didn't believe it before, but they say if somebody's out for a long time and then they play against the Lakers. So I don't know what to believe, believe at the time, but obviously it's the Lakers. So I think it's normal. Yeah, I think it might be coincidence. It's the Lakers. Yeah. You think people are just coming back simply 'cause you playing the Lakers. Lakers on tv. Lakers are big guy. But what, who you wanna, what I know is that what game that I know everybody gonna watch.


What game do I know is gonna make sports similar. 1000%. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got you. I got you. Listen, I'll get ready to say but ahead. You on tv regardless if you're not on tv, depending on how you play, you can be on TV Having The Lakers. I know what for certain. Okay. I'm gonna be on TV if I play the Lakers. Okay, I got I got you. That's the, even though the Lakers are not the Champs, you gear up to play them. Right? That's the Lakers, that's LeBron, that's Luca, that was Kobe, that was Shaq. That was Magic and Kareem and Worthy. Yeah. We gonna gear up and play y'all. It's so, it's so funny how if you, you, you think about the trio that heads this mystique in Aura about him, right?


No matter what goes on, whether they're, whether they're winning, whether they're losing, they just have this historical feeling or where everybody either wants to play against them or play with them. The Yankees. Yeah, The Lakers. Hold on. I I I almost missed it. I'm I Don Yankees. Lakers. There's there's one more on, there's one more to that trio. What Baseball Dodgers? No, the Dodgers don't have that same, that same like historic feel where, where everybody wants to play for 'em at some point. Oh, you Talking about the Cowboys? Huh? Cowboys. That's why I was thinking them. I I didn't wanna mention them.


I'm sorry, I didn't wanna mention I didn't wanna bring 'em up. But again, now you understand for better context on what I'm trying to say about those historic franchises,


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Everyone's talking about GLP ones like Ozempic Semaglutide with Future Health. You can find out if they're right for you too. Just go to try fh.com. That's try fh.com and find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Future Health.


These days it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and Victory. Nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion, laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLocks US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Lamelo Ball is a name to watch on the trade market this summer following Luca Dantes trade. NBA executive round the Leaves has expanded their horizon on which potential stars connects to change teams. The availability of Hornets guard Lamelo Ball is one of the stars. Several executives who spoke with Hoop Height will be monitoring on the trade market this summer. Oh Chase should teams be interested in traded for Lalo with his injury history? Oh, see, You know what then Now that part, now when you say that it made it, it makes every part of everybody pause. It makes everybody think you take away his injury history. Okay? Okay. Let's say you take away his injury history. Let's talk about what Lamelo Ball does and gives you when he is on the court.


He's likes out, huh? He's box office. He's one of those individuals. You know what? Well, if the tickets are $800, You know what? I don't mind paying $800 because I know Lamelo Ball is on my team. He's on our team. I know what I get when I'm coming to watch him. I'm gonna get my money's worth. Now, once you factor in his injury history and what happens when he is out time to time, ah, You know, now, now, now you, you perceive a caution to the win. Now that's the bad thing. But listen, any anybody can get hurt. It happens. It's a game of basketball. It's not a, it's not that much of a vi as a violent sport. It's football, but it's very physical injuries are gonna have.


Especially, and You know, lilo's small. Huh? Is this frame, I mean even what, 6, 7, 6 8 really thin frame. His ankles are fragile. I mean he might have to go through that with Steph. Remember Steph was the same way. Steph stayed injured. That's why he got that little main contract and then he just was able to stay healthy. Yeah. That might be a situation. Might, he might need to reach out to Steph. It's like, Steph man, how did you, how did you like these ankle injuries? How did you, how did you eventually get over it? Because man, there ain't nothing to play with. You're talking to a guy that had ankle injuries and hell, I thought I was gonna have to retire at 26. Man, my, my, my stuff was bad, don't you, you talking about step on somebody's ankle.


I could literally step on somebody's ankle and my, it will blow up like a cantaloupe That big. Ah, And the worst part was doing it on the road. 'cause guess what? I gotta get on a plane and fly back home. You know what happened when you get in there with that pressure Sw right up even more. Yeah, yeah. You know, I wore those, I wore those, those stockings, You know, I put those on both of my legs to keep the swelling down because I sw Huh? Those white, no, those white ones. You know those, those nerve stockings? Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Then I had those things on o your man. 'cause man, look here, I get on that plane, man. My, my knees and ankles swell up.


Yeah. Mad because I remember I was in, in, in Baltimore my last year, Ocho I got my knee drained every week. Oh wait a minute. Every, every week, Every week Ray drained the needle. Pull out Lucas blood. The first, the first time I got, the first time I got both of 'em drained. Ocho they got about 130 ccs off both ankles. I mean both knees. 130 c oh, You know how much 130 cc's is? Hell Yeah. I know how much it is. How'd you even practice with that moving around? I, I didn't, I didn't practice. That was the thing. They gave it off.


I take, get the, I get my knee drained about three hours before the game. I would ice it, try to keep the swelling down. Oh. Then they would, You know, put hot packs ocho. So I get, get some, some mobility. In there. Right, right. But I was getting, I was probably getting 30, 40 ccs draw drawn again. Game Man. But listen, You know what, let me listen. I, I, I, I thank I, I thank God for being able to play for a long time with no injuries. You know, I, for as long as I played and as reckless as I played, I got hit really clean. One good time. One, one clean hit in 11, 12 years.


Outside of that was everything was basically normal. Like, man, listen to some of your, your injury, your, your passing. Oh, I was a pin cushion. No, Joe, I get something done. They're like, I don't know, show. I say if I, if I shoot it up, could I be able to play? Right. Shoot it up. You get out there and go Shoot it up. Both shoulders bad. I separated both shoulders, man. They put about three or four shots in. They put two shots in this with two shots in that one. Man. I was doing jumpy Jack. Wait a minute. How you separate both shoulders Rest your soul? Dave Dorson. I caught a seven route Safety. Gotta be the safety. Yeah. Oh, Chicago. He was with the Bears.


He won TBO with the, the bears. He was with the cardinals at the time. Right. So he landed on me crack. I hit the ground crack. Then he landed on top of me crack. Wait, so you you did both shoulders at the same Time? At the same time. Oh God. Me. Well, if that ain't, if that ain't bad, But I don't like, man, I like this in Ocho. Hey, The whole week. Hey, they put that medicine in there. Yeah. And you was good. Did you, did you wear it? You wear a hornet? You wore the harness or No? No. Lemme tell you what I did Ocho. So we played, we played the Raiders.


I feeling good too. Ocho. I feel good man. We had a to crack, we had a forced crack. Right. And it was Ronnie, I think. Yeah, it was Ronnie. It might've been Ronnie. I push up the corner, the corner retreat hit from the safety. Man, I hit that joke. I forgot. Oh, Joe, I forgot. Yeah. Yeah. You Was messed up. 'cause You know, normally if you got something hurt, you hit it with the opposite one opposite side. Well, both of mine messed up. So I just say, hey, so I just say it is what it is. Right? Why? Oh, your tears just start coming down my face. Ah, Boy.


Hey boy. That thing you, oh, I don't know if you ever had that pain, but it feels like electricity go through your body. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you're about. It's like a pinched nerve. That pinched nerve, that pinched nerve feeling. It's not a good thing. Told you I did like this here. That's a Greek. I'm done. Oh, he was out after that. He was done. Yes. Man, he knocked Oh, that medicine out them shoulders. Yeah, I was done after that man. So, so I don't understand having to deal with injury history. Right. For two years straight, I shot up my ankle every week. Sometimes I had to shoot up both of them. It gotten so bad, so bad. Ask anybody that was in there. The skin started to come off my ankles From getting it, from getting it shot up so much.


Yep. And completely discolored it. Like I had vitiligo. It was like as dark as I am. Right. And it was just like pure yellow. Sure. I talking about like white. And that's, that's funny. People, you, you talk about stuff like this and everybody look at the glitz and glamor when it comes to athletes. And then you sit down and you're able to hear stories like this about the sacrifices. Oh yeah. Everything. Injuries that you got to go Through. And we do it all over again. It broke down as I am. I'll do it all over again. I'll take my black ass right back out there. No Regrets. Oh, help. Yeah. That's that. Absolutely not. Oh, you look, if you play this game long enough, there gonna be times that you're like, man, I don't know how on Sunday or Monday, Tuesday, I'm like, man, I, I ain't no way in hell I'm gonna be able to play.


Right. Greek, but Greek. Greek and te would always, for a sharp, just, just think positive. Hey, we got, we don't have to play today. If we had to play today, you probably wouldn't be able to go. But let's how you see how you feel on tomorrow. Let's see how you feel on Thursday. Let's see how they kept that positive. I was like, Hey, Sharpie, how you feel? Man, I feel, I, I feel better. I think I, Hey, I might turn the corner. You know what I'm saying? Oh, joke. Because I wanted to play old jump man. I know. Look, I ain't gonna have no 20 year, I ain't no doctor, no lawyer where I can have a 25, 30 year career. Right. I got a finite period of time. Yeah. I'm gonna try to maximize it that you got. And they, they let me know all Shannon, You know, you shooting up, blah, blah long term.


I said, bro, bro, let me worry about that in 30 years. Right now. I need to get out there. I got people depending on me. So I wouldn't, and that's what they know. I I I gotta do what I gotta do. Oh, Joe. Yeah. The Bengals franchise tag t Higgins for the second consecutive year. The Bengals do not want to allow Higgins to hit the fridge and market and will not turn their attention to negotiating a long-term deal. Right. Cincinnati has until July 15th to reach a new multi-year deal with Higgins, or he'll make a fully guaranteed 26.2 million since the second time he will get tagged. He will make 120% of his 2024 salary bringing them up to 26.2.


Right. Is this a deal going to get done or are they making sure they get something back on an eventual trade? Do you believe, do you believe they're gonna sign t to a long-term deal or they're gonna try to sign him and then trade him and get compensation? You know, I'm, I'm not sure. I'm not sure even, even at this point and understanding the value that, that, that t will get or what his value is right now on the, on the open market. I think the Bengals understand that. I think t understands that as well. Now also on the, on the, on the, on the on right side of things. As, as a Bengal fan myself, fool, diehard Bengal fan, I would love to see them keep, You know, keep the trio together. I would love to see them keep the band together.


The salary cap went up, huh? Yeah, the salary went Up. I think it's like 2 79, Right? It's, it's 2 79. But when I think about it, listen, Jamar Chase is getting ready to be the highest paid and reset the quarterback market as far as contractually. So I understand that then. I'm not sure what they're gonna do with Joe Burrow. Is he gonna restructure some sort of way to, to make wiggle room not only for just T Higgins, but for Trey Henderson, for other, for other needs that need to be met. Hendrickson's gonna want 30. Yeah. He see the, he see the market. He got 17 and a half sacks for the last two seasons. Yeah. You ain't gotta tell me. I know, I know. So, boom, what's going, what's going to happen? What's more important? Where are the needs that need to be met for us as a team?


I know fans wanna say bring T back. I sh I I love T but I also understand what T can get. I understand its value on the open market. Yeah. Now obviously the franchise tag, you did it, you did it to me one year. Now when you do it to me one year, basically you telling me, listen, we don't really see the value in you and giving you the contract long term. So what we gonna do is, is we gonna tag you That, that means they're betting against you. Yeah. Talk to me please for people That don't bet against you. 'cause if you thought, if you thought I was what out if you, if you think of me, what I think of me, you gimme the deal. It wouldn't have been no questions asked on the deal would've got done last year and now double back. Come this year again. T Higgins great year, big game stepped up huge.


Yeah. He only played 12. I think he only played 12 games. O Joe. Yeah, but he still had 10 touchdowns. Yes. You, let's talk about that. He averaged like 75, he averaged like 75 yards a game receiver. That's a game. Yeah. So if you extrapolate that over the, the full 17 games, we know what type of season he would've had. Right. Even with Chase Doing what he did. And that's the problem that you run into Ocho when you keep pushing the cans down the road, okay? You push, you kick Jamar Chase can down the road and you see what happens. He gets the triple crown. Okay? You wouldn't do anything with Hendrickson. Now he led the league in Sacks back to back season, which he's at 17 and a half. Okay? You franchise tag t Higgins.


Now he follows that up and he is like, y'all gotta pay me because I see Jalen Waddle with years left on his contract, got 28. Y'all mean to tell me I'm at the end of my contract and y'all think franchising me at 26 is good? Yeah, no, I need guaranteed money. I need like 75 million fully guaranteed. Right? The first year. Now we can talk. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm curious nor normally, most of the time bunk teams use the franchise tag to their advantage. Not only does the lock a player up, but when you do it for a second year, I'm trying to buy myself some time. Yeah, I'm bet against you. I'm betting that you won't have another year like that.


Right. Because what good is it Ocho if he has another year like that, maybe you wanna sue Bowl. They say, well we got a Super Bowl ladder we can let him go. Right. That's, that's because at some point in time, if you are drafting the type of player that you believe you are, you going to, you're not gonna be able to keep 'em all good, Joe. It's just, it's just, it's impractical. You're not gonna be able to keep Chase at 40. You're not gonna keep Joe at 55. You're not gonna be a Hendrickson who he wants 30 T Higgins want 30. Excuse me. No, you good. You're good At that. At that number. Now they got a little bit more cap space. They waved Alice Kappa the guard.


I guess he had a bad year. I mean, looking at it, he gave it most sags, most pressures, most hurries. Right? Right. So it was, it was, it was pretty bad. Jamar Chase posted this cryptic treat of Joe Burrow on Instagram. What at t Higgins. And you can see it on your screen. You like Even the players as as fa as fans. Fans and, and Bengal fans, they always come to, they, they don't, they don't understand the, the difference in how the players feel from the business side of things, as opposed to how the fans feel. The fans think, oh, it's so easy the cap is going up, they're gonna sign everybody. Listen, if you look at the reactions, you look at the reactions from t you look at the reactions from Jamar Chase, it tells you that things aren't as sweet as you think on the outside looking in regardless to how the cap numbers have gone up.


Because they have to think the Bengals have a franchise run this ain't they this not thinking about now they're thinking about the foresee of your future, You know, when it comes to their books. Ah, and How and how. Well guarantee I want long-term guaranteed money. Yeah. Well listen, they, they got, they got till July to get it done. They got till July to get it done. Now me, as much as I want you to stay, I love TI love my Bengals. I love the organization. Matter of fact, I love the fans that argue with me back and forth. The Zen, who they, I know you're probably gonna see this. I love you too and, and, and, and everybody else, but I just don't see it happening based on what t is deserving of and what Chase is going to be making Chase going north of 40.


Oh, he's he's resetting the market, huh? Yeah, He's the market. He's 40 For the simple fact you made, you made me wait, you dragged me. He said, I'll tell you what y'all like that 26.2 give that in. Guarantee money, money gimme 80 million fully guarantee. And then y'all can put it however you want to. But I need to make, I need to make, I need to make 80 million In the first three. I need to make 80 million in the first three years though, Joe. Yeah, we good. I we could, we could talk, we could talk, we can play like that. I need to make 80 million and gimme an 80, gimme $80 million signing bonus. And then I'll play the first year I played for like 1.2, then I'll play for 5 million and the next year I play for 10. Yeah. Gimme, gimme a nice since Y'all say 26 million, everybody talk, okay?


Just go ahead and gimme that. Yeah. And give, gimme a nice lump sum and signing bonus too. Now gimme all, Gimme gimme, gimme 70, gimme 70 million signing bonus. Gimme some security. Now that's what I want. I need my nest egg in case something happens just in case because I ain't, I ain't going the Lords of London. You take, well hey, if I, if I'm chase chasing y'all, maybe take this $10 million insurance policy, I'm gonna factor that in when y'all negotiate. So y'all gonna gimme that back on top if I have to take out another one at some point in time. Hey listen, the game is a game Monk. Yeah. This is the football. And this is why I wouldn't want, why I wouldn't want to be owner. I wouldn't want to be a gm. I wouldn't wanna be in a position of Katy Blackburn, Mike Brown, Troy Blackburn in a situation like this with a team, this great with players, this great and it's time to pay.


I I just wouldn't wanna be, you Have to be ahead of the curve. I wouldn't Do you believe t Higgin? Lemme ask you a question. Do you believe Chase in the next three to five years will not be a top three receiver? If you don't, if you believe he'll be a top three receiver, you signed him last year because you're paying him based on what you believe he's going to do moving forward, not what he's done in the past, because I've already paid you for that. So if I give you 35, 30 $6 million, that's because I believe you're gonna be a top three receiver, right? And in two years this money will be obsolete. Now I got you for another two years, Ocho at 36 million when to go and race gonna probably be 42, 40 3 million.


See? So that's what you have to do. You have to like, a lot of times though, Joe, you have to buy something. Like, man, look here. What people look, what if you were doing investments, people buy gold, people buy commodities based on belief, they're going to go higher. So at this price, although it seems steep, I buy for a little when it moves up, now I got it Right. And that's how you have to look at these players. Michael Park. Do you, okay, you saw Michael with defensive Rookie of the year and he's been in the nv the defensive player of your discussion. Discussion. Yeah. Why are we waiting until this man get all the way to the end of his contract before we think about doing a good, a long-term deal?


What I Actually, all you did was let the price keep going up, Up higher. Yesterday's price is not today's price. It def it's definitely not. It definitely not. And I listen, I I want, I wanted to get, I I I want them to to to work things out. But I also understand how the business side of things work. Yes. Every, everybody yelling about the cap, the cap going up, the cap being hot. Had the Bengals ever been one to spin all the way up to the cap? Hell no. So I let, let, let, let's start there. Had they, You know, we, we screaming over the cap is going. It is this, it's that. I mean listen, this is still a business that has to be run. Yeah. This ain't, this ain't Madden. This is real. This is real life. You see what Howie Roseman does?


Yeah. You see what he did? You see what he did with Devonte? Yeah. You see what he did with aj got Him early. You see what he did with Herz Got him early. And what he did is that he's like, okay Quan, we'll give you this. If you get these incentives, not only will you get 'em for this year, it'll automatically go onto your contract next year. So that 1.5, 1.7 50 me. So now Saquon's gonna make almost $14 million hits those numbers next year. Guess what? That third year of the contract, now there's a chance he goes out and has another year. I'm not saying he's gonna go for 2000 but has another good year. How we might say, You know what to keep that cap number down, let's go ahead and get, add a couple more years to it.


Give you Nice signing bonus right up front. So then That's, that's how you have to do it. Don't you have to have some forward thinking? 'cause if you wait till like, I don't know, I don't know, right? By the time you realize the guy's good, it's gonna be cost prohibitive for you to sign your players. Well listen, the the guys we talk about, there's nothing to realize, You know what they do? 'cause the, the film, the film don't lie. They did it in college. They got to the NFL and they kept on doing it. They ain't miss the beat. And I'm talking about Chase, I'm not sure why you didn't pay 'em last year. There was nothing wrong with t understanding what you got. You know, for the fourth foresee future we talk about two top one, one top three player. And we have another one that arguably could be in the top 10, You know, as what I like to call A one B, I don't, I don't see T at no two.


That just me. 'cause anywhere else on any other team T Agans would be Number one. But anyway, that's neither here nor there. I hope they get the, I hope they get the job done. I really do. So do I.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone right, these game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


These days it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga pieces from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create. Because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Eagles are going to release six time Pro Bowl corner. Darius slay. After five seasons with the teams, the Eagles initially acquired Slay via trade with Detroit in the 2020 immediately signing the cornerback to a three year extension. Right? Slay 34 is coming off. One of his best seasons of his career, he allowed a 42% completion rate, allowed 5.4 yards per target. Had 15 pass breakups are all his best marks. Since joining the Eagles in 2024, the Eagles allowed a league low 174 yards passing per game the lowest by franchise. Since the 2000. Since 2000. Who was that?


Tennessee Since at least 2000. I think Tennessee, I think they beat the Ravens that year because we a, we allowed the, the Ravens allowed 60, like 60 something yards rushing. But I think they averaged like, gave up 260 yards. Tennessee actually statistically had a better, huh? Oh, oh, you talking about that with the, what you call them? The Phil Eagles franchise? Oh, I thought he was talking about the lowest. Since 2000 by any franchise. Okay. Because I know Tennessee passed defense in 2000. They were, they only gave up 242 yards a game, Ocho.


But he always said that if he didn't finish his career in, in Philly, he would love to go back to Detroit. Detroit was an original team. Obviously he has some issues with Matt Patricia who's now the defensive coordinator at Ohio State. Hey, he goes to Philly, has a great, You know, go to two. They, he went to a bunch of Pro Bowls, they went to two Super Bowls. They won this past one. So could you see him going back to Detroit? I, I think so. I think so. Why not? Especially with what happened from an injury standpoint to the Detroit Lions to on the back half of the season.


I I like it. I like it. And I'm also trying to think about, oh, why not running back with as well as he played last year with the Eagles. But I can't even talk about Jeffrey Lu and Harry Robinson and when it comes to their decision making. Yeah. Keon Mitchell, obviously they're now passing the torch and the keys to him. No, he's on one side. They're passing the, the keys to Cooper Dejaun At co. Ooh. See rookie. Ooh, He ready, he ready to be a starter. Now listen, listen. Do I honestly, he played well, right? He played very well, but he played well based on everything else going on around him.


Is he actually ready after his rookie season, despite them winning the Super Bowl to be in that, in that spot like that? Well you gotta see the Number one receiver at times. You, you have to see maybe the number two receiver. Is he ready for that? You can't keep everybody Ocho I mean, what you gonna do with Bron? You gonna pay him? He gonna want a King's ransom. Yeah. Oh, he was nice. Coming, coming. What about you got 2D lineman that could potentially leave? You got Jalen Carter coming up now. Hey, he gonna want a Kings ransom. Hey. And, and well deserving of everything You got Mitchell Good gonna be coming down the pipeline on Joe. He gonna want a King's ransom.


No, I I understand. You know they, the Chad saying they gonna keep the genre at a nickel. Yeah, they gonna put him at corner and then, and guess what? They gonna start him at Corner and then when they go three six, he going bump inside the nickel. But then who, who, who gonna be the other, who gonna be the other corner? Hey listen, playing on the outside and playing a nickel. Well that's a different ball game baby. That's a, that's a different ball Game. They drafted that man to play corner. They found out that he's really good at the nickel. And so guess what? They put him inside, they'll put him inside the situation and they'll bring somebody else up. Right? It'd be same thing. You remember how, what's the guy's name? Ocho. He ended up going to Tennessee. He ended up going to Tennessee from the Kansas City.


The Dv. Oh, Yep. DiUS. Sne Snead. Yeah. What did they do? They drafted a corner. Yeah, SNE was really good. They very, they put him, they put him inside. Yeah. What did they do after the season? They ended up signing, trading him. Yeah. And now you got Watson and you got McDuffy. Okay, see y'all just look and see fans. Y'all gotta stop looking. That's not how teams look at it. They draft a guy at corner. Okay. Damn. And they got a slaves getting a little older at 34 years of age. That's a little old for a corner. But he played extremely well. Now maybe, maybe it's a situation that, You know, they come back.


I'm, I would go test the market now if I couldn't find something suitable. If I go, if I gotta play for 3 million, I'll play for 3 million in Philly. I ain't gonna play for 3 million 'cause I know we gonna win. Right? But at least let me go kick the tires somewhere else. 'cause somebody else might have some money for me. Ocho Hey that's, that's, that's t that's t unc. Do you understand? And I mean, no disrespect to my fans in Cincinnati. I love you. Every last one of you. Do you understand what t's gonna make if he get on the open market? Oh, come on man. He deserving of that. He worked too hard. You hear me? Think about the sacrifices you just told me about that you went through to even touch the field.


What you think he, he got a story too. All of us got a story. Yeah, sure. We want that sense of security. Allow 'em to see, because you didn't, you didn't believe in him here before. You know what? I want you to fool with him. We gonna tag you. We gonna tag you because we don't value giving you a long-term contract. We don't Because if you did value me and you thought of what you think of of how I think about myself as a player and as a receiver, that would've been no issues paying me. Now you tagged me again two years in a row. What did that tell me? Ocho that's but see Ocho, that's the player's association. You agreed to that. Well, listen, you have to understand when it comes to the franchise tag, you got 2100 something players. Let the stick with me real quick. Now Chad, y'all stay with me real quick.


You got 2100, 20, maybe 21. The players, when it comes to the franchise tag, we talk about it only happens maybe to six to eight players. Six to eight, no, no more eight. No, no, no. More to eight. Now actually going into fight for something for such a small percentage of players that it's record, that's where, where it's used. You know, year in, year in, year out. Do you really wanna fight for something like that? 'cause sometimes it's that advantage for the players and for the team as well. Sometime buying you a little bit more time so we can get a deal done. Now in this case, when it comes to TI don't like the way they're taking advantage of him. 'cause if you didn't want, if you wanted to pay him, he would done it the first time. But listen, don't don, don't do it to me again. O Joe. Don't Me twice.


But that's, but see that's where you have to be unselfish because a lot of time, for the very reason, I remember when they first started talking about lifetime benefits, there were a lot of prominent guys. And I'm not gonna call their name, give me a million dollars and I buy my own health insurance. How'd that work out for her? The same thing you just said. Yeah. There are so few guys that say, man, I'm never going to get the franchise tag right until they get the franchise tag. Okay? And now look at you at some point in time, OCHO Kirk Flood, he never benefited from free Agency. Right? Free agency. He lost, basically lost his career.


So everybody else got free agency. Spencer Haywood. Right? Sometimes you have to sacrifice, there are a lot of people that sacrifice for the greater good, even though they weren't there to rip the reap the benefits. Right? King X, so many of the freedom fighters, a lot of people sacrifice that didn't get the benefit of the sacrifice, right? That's what sacrifice Means. I like that. I like the way you put that. I like the way you put that. So now, okay, I tell you what y'all want two franchise tags.


We want live Lifetime health benefits. Yeah. Oh, that's a good one. Because we Don't have that. Oh, you get one franchise tag, right? But you can't franchise me again. I got, I I I need, You know, I already gave you a bigger concession. Yes. Now you get a bigger piece of the pie owners. I got to close something back. Right? Right. It gotta be beneficial for Us Lifetime health benefits or we gotta do away with the franchise time, One or the other. Yes. And even if we don't get lifetime, I need at least 10, 15 years. What is, oh, Joe, if the average NFL career is three is three years.


Yeah. So the average NFL player coming in at 2223. Right? So that means a vested player with three years, he's done at 25, 26 ocho, he gets five years of health benefits at 31 he's done. Yeah. Only hopefully if life, the average life expectancy, if someone is like 75 years, so he got another 40 plus years. Ooh. But that guys don't think like that. O Joe, that money coming in so good and you like, Hey, I'm gonna be able. But when you don't have money coming in and you have it going out and you get, if you get a serious injury, you get a a, a, a, a, a, a, a form of cancer, you get a treatment, it'll wipe your savings out just like that.


Wake you up real quick too, huh? Just like that. And with the, the price, the, the surgeries and the price of the medicine. Ooh, Some medicine costing you 10, 15, 20,000 a month. Es Especially now. Especially now. Oh my God. Just the thought of that, huh? Yes. How much you say medicine cost, how much a Month? Some of, some of it's like 10, 15, 20,000 a month. Jesus. Some of them cancer drugs, My goodness. I mean, look at, I mean, insulin. Look at insulin. What's the insulin cost you? And people need two, three injections a day. The Volume


At David's bridle love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.


Clorox and Diva smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox, and feels like, Hmm. All right, that could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox Tiva. Now available in Clorox. Tiva lavender centered Leach uses directed


This Valentine's Day. Celebrate every love story with Pandora, whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's Versatile designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net.


This Message comes from Green Light. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real, real-time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.