
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that Auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the Owner of a red Sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, chase make more of your choice, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. SNA a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches, perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments, or the flocked Starry light Frazier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect Tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match, live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything breaks, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love. The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm also a row sponsor. Row Sparks are amazing for guys who wanna boost in the bedroom because they work fast and last long. Listen, we're about to get a little explicit. So you heard it from me. Maybe you heard too much from me how much I love Rose Sparks, but I'm not the only one. These reviews are for grown folks. Only one person said while my wife and I went on vacation for five days. I used Rose Sparks a couple times and we had fun nine times. Fun. And that week alone. Okay, good. How's I talking about that? What I'm talking about right now? That's him. Another customer said, boom, I'm Superman. I carry roast sparks in my pockets at all times. Full stop. And lastly, someone says, I'm not bragging, but my wife actually tapped out for the first time in UFC May to give it up if prescribed, you get $15 off your first order of medication to get hard, connect with a provider, 100% online row.co/ Nightcap To. find out if Rose Marks are right for you for That's Roro co. Co slash Nightcap.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Hopefully you watched the Lions walk it off. 26 23 over the Texans in a game that was very, very sloppy, but got really good at the N Ocho seven total turnovers seven Ints, five by Jerry Golf, two by CJ Stroud as the lions improved to eight. And one best record in the NFC as they go on the road and take down the Houston Texans 26 23. They walk it off late with a field goal. Yeah, thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharp. He is your favorite number 85 of Cincinnati Bingo ring of Fame honoree.


The legendary pro bowl of the all pro Liberty city zone. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho. Make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button. Tell your family, friends and loved one to all also subscribe and hit that like button and do a some solid. Go. Subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts, every subscriber matters. And we thank you for mattering. Thank you for your support, your loyalty, and your devotion from the start all the way to now. Because without you, there can be no us. And we greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock and with the holidays right around the corner.


You got Thanksgiving, you got Christmas, you got New Year's. If you can't find it in a state or a city near you, because we have it in stock and we have it overflowed, we stocked up. Make sure you get it for your holidays just a we'll get it right to your door. So thank you again for your support with Shaa by La Porter. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had a release drop last month. I was held when I was, well, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. In T-shirts, we have black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now is also in a hoodie form. And of course our bestseller, which is the UN and ocho ts.


We got lots of requests. This the guy, look man, can you get us a, a un and OCHO T in black. We listen and we dropped that last week. It's up and available quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last Ocho rookie kicker. Jake Bates walked it off with a 52 yarder. He tied it up with a 58 yarder as the lions rallied to beat the Texans. 26 23 Jared Goff threw 5 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Interceptions, cinco, cinco, cinco, interceptions. This one is gonna hurt because there's nowhere you're supposed to lose a game.


Mocho at home when the opposing teams turns it over five times. Yeah. Houston held a 23 7 lead at the break only to watch it evaporate. The Texans lost three of the last four games fall to sixth and fourth. Sixth and fourth. They're still a top the a FC south and they're getting Niko Nico Collins back next week, which should help. But Nico wasn't a reason why they lost him. Not having him wasn't the reason. Big question about this team ceiling remains after tonight. Yeah, You gotta win this game Ocho. You Have to. You're At home, you're up. Yeah. But cj bro, you can't come out outta halftime and throw a pick. Ocho. How many times have people a fan, a listening audience?


Our viewing audience? How many times have you heard Ocho? And I say, if you are late with that out ball, it's gonna get picked. If the guy can catch now, if he can catch, he's gonna pick it. If he can't catch, he gonna knock it down. But it's not gonna be in completion. When you late, he's off. He's in a clue position. So that tells you automatically you can't be late with it. Right. Because He driving Ocho, he's already that way. He driving. And if anything, if you going, if you gonna miss, don't miss inside Miss Wide and outside, It's inside. It's incomplete out bounds. Yeah. Yeah. It gotta be one or the other. You can't, you can't leave it inside. It is going the other way. Give Carton Davis a lot of credit because he dove made a heck of a play on the ball. He had two outstanding interception. I don't know why.


CJ on the second inter, the the the first interception put so much air on it. Ocho what does he think that that Carlton Davis was gonna give up on the plate. Yeah. I you know what I think, was it the pressure you think you remember, remember? No, he rolled outta the pocket. No, he had, he rolled outta the pocket. The end zone that called Davis got. Yeah. Yeah. They picked off the tank. Deal was open Going, coming up. There was no pressure on him. He had an easy throw. He even directed and told him to. Right. And I don't know why he didn't put, put it more on a line because call David sees that he beat, so he's running full speed. The last thing you want him to do is have an opportunity to break that ball up when he's that wide open. I know you don't wanna overshoot him, but you gotta put it more on the line.


Yeah. We still have more questions than answers about the Houston Texans. They've lost three of the last four. The turnovers are starting to mount, CJ is starting to turn the ball over a lot more than we, than he even did last year. And they're a good team. They're a really good team. They didn't run the ball particularly well tonight. Give Detroit a credit because they got a good defensive front. Now that was, they played that game without Z Aria Smith. Right. But when you look at Ma McNeil and Pascal, Pascal d, the A, they clogged that middle. They do a great job of collapsing the in in interior. Yeah. Now when they get Z, It's gonna be Nasty.


Gonna bring the heat off the edge. Yes. Gonna be nasty. Especially on passing downs. And their secondary is improving game by game branch and Joseph and those guys, they're getting better and better and Better. They're getting better. We gotta get Terry Arnold to be a little bit more patient. Be a little more patient, look back for the ball. Too many, too many pass interference plays too many holding too many holding penalties. Every single game he's getting called for something. Sometimes two and three a game. They mighta, coulda got him on that the last play that on that third, on that third down. They could have easily called him. Yeah, They, yeah, they coulda called it easily. They, they let it go though. They let it go. They didn't want that to be the deciding factor, you know, in the game.


In the game. But he, I mean, he gotta work. He gotta work on that. You know, using your eyes, man. Playing, playing with your eyes, using your instincts, and stop being so handsy and look back for the ball a little bit. Look back for the ball. Some of 'em, you know, it is different. If you look back, I know most dbs, they panic when they can't see and they see the receiver's eyes get big. Yeah. But if you look back for the ball early, man. Yeah. And keep yourself in position nine times outta 10, you'll be able to make a play on the ball. Yes. And most of the time, times you'll be able to pick it. Yep. And I think the thing is, Ocho I'm watching this game. The Lions offensive coordinator got afraid to call this game. They were started just handing the ball off to Gibbs and handing the ball off to Montgomery. Montgomery. I'm like, bro, it's third and seven y'all at the 50 yard line and y'all hand the ball off.


Right. A straight dive. Because they had gotten, I mean, I'm looking at some of those interceptions ain't nowhere in hell golf. Thought those guys were open. Them guys wasn't even close to being open ocho. I'm like, bro, and look, I, I get it. You know, it's, it's kind of like, it's like anything else. Ocho you know, you get a touchdown, it's easy to get another touchdown. You know, you get a sack. It's easy to get another sack because normally we, we say things happen in bunches. You know, you get a bunch of sacks, you get a bunch of catches, you get a bunch of touchdown. Right. Same thing with inception. Guy throws one and all of a sudden he throws another damn. That's true. And another, and in his mind he is like, well, hey, I might as well just keep slinging it.


But, but the, the lions and the coordinators said, hell nah, because you, you you killing us. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. That's why he stopped, that's why he stopped calling the normal offense and which we Yeah. Seeing. So how can we get the ball outta golf stands until we feel he's a little bit more comfortable. They started screening him, screening them to death. They throw the swing to had Gibbs on one side, on one side on the offset of the quarterback. And they run behind. They throw it to him. Right. Su gets him a great block. They run a drill break screen to Armon St. Brian for the touchdown. They started doing everything they could to, Hey, 1, 2, 3, throw the ball. That's perfect though. You, you know, you know what Ben Johnson is doing when he does that. Yes. You know what, let's get golf a little.


Let's get him comfortable again. Let's get him in rhythm with some easy throws. Get the ball outta his hands and get him a little, I want him to think Ocho. Yeah. Because he's thinking too much now. Yeah. Get it Out. Get out right away. 1, 2, 3, a scream. 1, 2, 3, jailbreak. 1, 2, 3, quick out, 1, 2, 3, stick route. I don't want you thinking because you, you're killing us. Yeah. As a matter of fact, you probably hurting your damn self too. Because, you know, a I was thinking about something. I hope you don't hurt yourself. Right. I'm looking, I'm like, bro, what are you do, what do you see? But this is a good team Mocho. When you can go on the road and you turn the ball over five times, you still win and you still come away with a victory. This is a good team.


Yeah. This is a very good team. They're very well coached. They did not panic. You know, Campbell, I couldn't hear what he said, but I think he, I can try to read his lips. I think he said about defense need to come out here and shut 'em down. The first drive and ride on. Shoot, calling Davis gets a pick. And now all of a sudden we got, now we got a ball game. What a lead that could have been extended. It could have been 26 to seven. It could have been 30 to seven. Now all of a sudden, boom. But hell, if I'm not mistaken, what you call, come back and give it right back to him. He throw, throw it in. Threw an interception. Yeah. Golf did. He did not play well today. Yeah. Not, not at all.


It, it was a sloppy game. It it is funny. It probably makes no sense. It was a sloppy ass game. But it was a good game at the same time. Yes. Yes. It is weird. Texas is gonna be kicking themselves. You have a 16 point lead at home. You take the ball away five times. You only give it away two times. Yeah. That's gonna hurt. And you know what, they didn't capitalize, they didn't capitalize enough on those turnovers. No. Got you. Got to capitalize on them turnovers. You capitalized on on One or two of those. One or two of those. Unc Well, you good boy, You good.


But here's the thing. On some of those turnovers that they got, CJ turned around and gave it right back to 'em. Back to 'em. Yeah. So, hey, everything evened out. It did. It did. So the Lions walk it off. Rookie Jake Bates, he kicked a 58 yarder to tie the game. And then, and then at 23 and then Fairborne, he misses a 58 yarder that would've gave it, given them a three point lead. Golf leaves him down, down. And here's the rookie trots out there on the field, kicks a 52 yard as time expires. As they win the game, the lions go on the road, walk it off.


26, 23 over the Texans, the lions on the best record in the NFC with a record of eight and one the Eagles go on the road and drug the Cowboys cows say, set a dubious record. They have now trailed by at least 20 points in their last five home gangs. That's the first time in NFL history that's happened. The sunlight. Rob CD of a touchdown. Remember the engineer advised Jerry not to build a stadium in that direction of the setting. Sun reporter asked cd, are you in favor of a curtains CD said, yes. Reporter said, will you tell Jerry that? I mean, y'all are doing my job for me right now.


But Jerry had, did you see the quote, what Jerry said about the thing he like, they asked him about it. He said, well, why don't we build a damn new stadium? He like, everybody knows the sun. He, he's frustrated. So Jerry kind of snapped a little bit and, but hey, it is what it is. Jerry Jones won't fire Mike McCarthy. He says he will not make an in-season coaching move. I don't know. You think so? This is what Jerry said. Oh, Jones, the Owner's LA though the owners lie. You, you, of course you can't hold their word. You can't, you can't hold their word. You take that with a grain of salt. I frustrated Jerry Jones said some comments about the sun impacting the play at at t Stadium.


That was one play. Okay. So now they lose 34, 13, they got their ass kicked and that sun one play Entire game. Yeah. I frustrated Jerry Jones had some comments about the sun impacting the plant. Att at t Stadium. By the way, we know where the sun is going to be when we decide to flip the corner or not. We do know where the damn sun is going to be in our own stadium. Everybody's got the same thing. Every team that comes in here has the same issues. I'm saying the world knows where the sun is. You get, you get to know almost about a year in advance. Someone asked me about the sun. What about the sun? Where's the boom Jerry?


Excuse me guys, man, Jerry, Jerry, hey look here. That's what happens when you're three and six, your starting quarterback is done for the season. Yeah. That you paid $60 million. Yes sir. You have not lived up to expectation. Yeah. There was a point in time that people said y'all should let that go and sign Cooper Rush. Cooper Rush was 13 of 23 for 45 yards. The starting quarterbacks in the NFL game. Cooper Rush and Trey Lance was 19 of 29. No, 17 of 29 or 66 yards.


Hey, you know that playbook? You know how much that playbook shrink when you don't have your starting quarterback Boy like this boy playbook will be about this big. It's almost, listen, there's only, there's only so much you can do. There's only so much you can do. 'cause there's a reason a person is a starter and there's a reason the person is a backup. If the backup was the main thing, then the main thing would've been the main thing. And you wouldn't have been the backup. So when you factor in Sacks, Ocho, the Cowboys was 17 of 29 for 49 yards. NFL starting quarterbacks passed the ball in four quarters. In an NFL game. Yeah. For less than 50 yards.


That sound bad, huh? They had 97 yards rushing on 20 fours. God damn boy. But Jerry did a great job of assembling this roster. That's what he told. He told you. Oh Yeah. He Got upset at, he got upset and threatened to have a guy removed from his job because he asked Jerry tell, can't nobody do a better job than me. Yeah. Well if can't nobody do a better job than you. The question is, Jerry, lemme ask you a question. If somebody else, other than you had built this roster, would he still have this job? Absolutely not. Absolutely not.


They would've been fired probably two games ago. That the problem that Jerry has is that he thinks he's the smartest guy in the room and he wants to be, but he doesn't realize he shouldn't be. Jerry knows just enough to be dangerous. He knows just enough to f up his team, exhibit A, exhibit B, exhibit C. I like to all, I like to put all of those He knows just enough to be dangerous. Hey, you know what? Hold on, hold on. I, I, I'm at a, at a later date. I'm not sure when I could use that, bro.


Ocho, that is pathetic. Yeah, it it's, it is bad. It's bad. Listen, norm, normally I would pile on the Cowboys right now, but there's really nothing else I can say. I think, I think for myself, I feel bad for, for, for the Cowboys players. I feel bad for the fans. I continuously say this, I've said it the past three weeks and nothing seemed to change. I thought maybe things would turn around. Michael Parsons came back today. I thought maybe they might've had a chance. Maybe they could made it close. Maybe they could made it the game. They, they would've competed a little better. But unc, I didn't get, I didn't get none of the above. No I Didn't. No, I don't, I don't feel bad. As long as Jerry the helm, I'm not going to feel bad.


But you don't feel bad at all for The place. Not, not as long as Jerry's calling the shots. Nope. Absolutely not. See, 'cause how can, how can I feel bad for the baby snakes if I don't like the snake snake? How can I feel bad for his players if the guy that's in charge, I really don't have a whole lot of use for him and everybody knows why I make no secrets about that. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. 2016. Yeah. Do I, do I, when I see Michael o put your future camera down a little bit. Mine? Yeah. Yeah. Why my head? My what? My head big.


Yeah. You can see me now? Yeah. We wanna make sure we have enough room. Oh, okay. Okay. Alright. I thought you trying to go, I, I thought you trying to make fun of my head or Something, man. Nah, nah, nah. Okay. Look, I look, like I said, I I, the only really cowboys that I've ever seen, you know, was probably Micah Diggs. I mean, it's Dak his rookie year. Right. But other than that, I don't really, I don't, you know, hey, I don't really go anywhere to really see him. Every once in a while I might be, might be out here in Vegas and, and, and see a fight or something. But other than that, I'm not really going anywhere that I'm gonna bump into a whole lot of NFL players, Joe, or any for that matter, any professional athlete for, for that matter. But nah, nah. And, and the thing is, is that it couldn't happen to a, it couldn't happen to a better team.


But Jerry don't care. Oh, Joe, he loses no money. 'cause guess what? The fans are gonna show up and believe that they're gonna run the table, make the playoffs and win the Super Bowl every year. Every, you can't tell the cowboy fans, they're not, not gonna run the table, win the division and make the playoffs. You can't convince them that. Yeah. So I ain't gonna be the one to tell y'all bad news. But y'all not going into the playoffs. Yeah. I mean, I think, yeah, They do that. Y'all might as well go ahead and start tanking and try to get a high pick a higher pick for what position? It don't matter. They need a lot of 'em. Feel


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, Flatts, and our iconic Alpr Godde slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date, and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chum a Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary. VGW Group void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Coming Soon to Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. These are serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Caleb thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross. I learned to dress his gut against inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


What's Pop? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play. You Turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. All right? What's our first game? Well, I did want To ask Dabo before we start, I mean, you were down 13 and you decided to kick an extra point instead of going for two. What was, what was the reasoning behind That? Well, Lord does math differently. We, God believes in different numbers than you. We count not to win games, Billy. We count for Lord Jesus Christ. You only live for one. That's right. Okay. All right. There we go. What's up with that? And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


They could use a wide receiver. Obviously you're not taking a quarterback. You ain't want that kind. You don't want a hundred plus million dollars in Day of Cal space. Right. You need a corner opposite of digs. You need a DT tackle. You need a middle linebacker. I like, I like, okay. You need offensive line. Your offensive line isn't very good. I think that that should be their first pick. If they pick early, they should get an offensive lineman. I like digs. I like bland. I'm not sure. Deron bland not back yet, huh? Yeah, he black back. I think he back Ain't bland back. Yeah, he back. Okay. Yeah. He, he had, he had was having a hell of a season last year, man. Before he got injured.


But Jerry says he will not make an in-season coach. Huh? He was out today though. Ocho he was out today. He's back. But he was out today, right? Ojo? Yes, sir. Bills trade for Mark Cooper the same week he came in. He scored a touchdown. Yeah. Steels trade for Mike Williams. The same week he comes in. He scored a touchdown. He trade for Deandre Hopkins. He scored a touchdown. Yeah. Jerry got bingo. He was an actor today. What? Hey, I don't, I don't know. Wait, I, what game? What game we talking about?


I, I can't wait till we get to that game. That was bad. That was a good ass game, bro. I'm gonna wait for, I mean, the chief trade for Hop, he plays right away. Bill's trade for Cooper, he plays right away. Steelers trade for Mike Williams, he plays right away. Jared trade for a guy gave up more draft capital than any of these other guys. And these other guys are, are, pro D Hop has been a multiple Pro Bowl player. And all Pro Cooper's been a Pro Bowl player. Mike Williams, miss Talent. Yeah. He is Cowboy Craig for Jonathan Domingo. He don't even suit up. Yeah, you could've, well you could've waited till after the season if you gonna leave him inactive O Joe. Right. I mean, that might've been the reason why they did leave him inactive.


They don't, they don't feel he's been there long enough. Obviously you got, you got a quarterback that's not starting the starting, quarterback's not playing. You have a backup plan. So you really have no use in insert. Did the offense at any point, Did you see, did you see Cooper Rush today? Hey, he been there all this time, but he look like he hadn't been there. So what, what's the difference? He don't know what the hell he doing. Don't know what the hell he doing. So they might be perfect. Hey, just put, just put him out. Just put him out there and let wing it. Huh? Heyo, you run a start ride. He run a gold Cooper, Rush boy touchdown. That's all you gotta do. Don't nobody know what doing all of out there like a blind dog in a meat house. Meat, Man.


Good. Terrible. Hold up. Hey, they out there like a blind dog in a what? A blind dog in a meat house. They smell a meat but can't see nothing. And I say, boy, I'm just trying to figure out, how does a guy at NFL quarterback throw for 45 yards? Huh? It's difficult. How? It's difficult. It's difficult. You can't, you can't call, you can't call the office. You wanna call when you know you ain't got nothing to work with. That's what you get. Hold on. You ain't got nothing to work With. You hire all those workers if your business crappy and because you say the employees, the workers are not doing the job.


Who hired them? Who hired those workers? Because Jerry, quick to tell you that he, that that's him. The buck stops with him. Everything stops on his desk. So if it's not getting done, whose fault is that name? Something that's there from coaches to secretaries to whatever the case may be that does not have Jerry Jones fingerprint on it. Hey, Jerry. So when it's fd up, who we blaming? Yeah. Well, shit, he gonna, he gonna say it ain't him. No, he gotta say that because he wanted the responsibility, he wanted, he wanted the credit. Right. See, you don't realize how good you can be as long as you don't mind who gets the credit. That's his problem.


He wants the credit, he desires the credit. He yearns for the credit because he wants people to tell him how great of a job that he is doing. How could you still need to hear that at this point of your career call Validation As a gm? How could, how, why would that even 'cause Ocho Ocho, he has no football experience and he wants to say that. Look, look at this. Other owners Clark Hunt. Yeah. Rooneys, everybody. Yeah. If I hire somebody, why am I gonna try to do the show? Why am I gonna try to produce the show when I hired Ash and I'm paying her money to do it Right. Why am I hiring to do all this stuff that Jordan's doing? If I'm paying Jordan and all the other employees, why am I gonna tell them how to do graphics? How am I gonna, how to do editing?


How I'm gonna tell the social media team to do their job If I'm paying them, if I'm, if I gotta tell them, if I'm telling them of doing their job, I need to fire them. Yeah. I can save some money. Ba Jerry. If you've got people in position to do what you hired them to do, why you always over there trying to do it? He want everybody to see him lying in his he helicopter on the field. He wanted everybody to know that he talked to the team before they went out. He's the first one to talk to the team after they come off the field. See, that's what he wants. He, he desires that. No other owner does that. I mean, he, he is a little different. He, he is a little different when it comes to ownership. But listen, and he's stuck in his ways too at this point.


Oh yeah. I'm sure he is. I'm sure he is heard this many of times before. Guess what other way? He's stuck in what, 28 years without going to the Super Bowl. He's stuck in that about to be 29. About to be 29. Be a long time. Because you know how long Yes. How long it take the bill Now who, Who Would do so, you know, how long it take the bill and fix the situations that you going on. It's, it's multiple, it is multiple pieces that you need. That, that, that's about maybe five, maybe a five or six run, six year run. That would be like the shareholders getting rid of Tim Cook because they're not getting credit. Right.


Well, we gonna fire Tim Cook just took the company from 350 billion, 400 billion to plus trillion. But because we're not getting any credit, we gonna get rid of him. Because that's what Jerry did, Right? Yeah. Basically. Basically. And I, and then officer, the, if there were rumblings, normally it's the media that already starts it. When, when they talk about firing a coach in season, you know, that always come from in-house. Yeah, for sure. It always starts in-house. They purposely put that out there just to get the, get the, get the fire starting, get it brewing. And then the pressure. They always like to say, oh, the pressure from the outside.


What, what, what would be the point of finding Mr. McCarthy at this point? Nothing's gonna change. No, there's nobody, the interim coach, ain't nothing gonna change. Yeah, And you didn't, I mean, you hired him. Oh, this is the guy. This guy's one because Mike McCarthy lied. Oh, I watched every last one of cowboys. Snap. I've broken them down. He told Jerry that. Right? He was at Jerry's house. He spent the night at Jerry's house eating nachos, drinking beer. Tell him what he, because see Jerry a lot of times powerful people. Ocho Yeah. They like for you to stroke their ego. Tell him what a wonderful job they're doing. Tell 'em what a oh, a brilliant businessman they are. What a great general manager you are.


I've broken your team down. I think a few tweaks here and there. You have the talent. You've done a great job, Jerry, of assembling talent. The talent is here. Nobody has accumulated more Pro bowl players. Drafted more Pro Bowl players other than the chief, the Cowboys. So Jerry, you've done a great job. Jerry said. You think so? Wow. Oh, okay. I haven't heard that. I appreciate that. Yeah, I appreciate that. So he gives him the job. Yeah. Mike McCarthy. He, he gets rid of killing more, you know, it is too much of this fluffy stuff. They're throwing the ball. I like to run the football. I'm gonna run it. If you go back and look at my Green Bay team, Mike McCarthy throws the football more than Kel Moore ever did.


Yep. But see Kelly Moore, we getting too, but they had the second best offense. One of the top scoring offense. One of the top offensive off as far as total yards. Kelly Moore was getting credit. See, too much credit, huh? McCarthy get no credit. You see? Yeah. How good could you be? I understand. I'm the, I'm the, I'm when it comes to Sheha Media, I'm the front of it, but I'm smart enough to know that I've hired people and put them in place. Do what y'all do. Right. Sometimes I have to say, nah, I don't wanna do that. But for the most part, I let them do what they do. I let CJ does what he does at club. Shake, shake. I let Ash do what she does. I let the do what you do.


I'm cool. Yeah, Man. Michael Parsons feels worse for teammates like Zach Martin than he does for Mike McCarthy. You want to win games and do great things for those type of legends who put more time in at work than Mike McCarthy ever did. Damn. Who? I, I don't think he meant to say it like that. What he meant. He didn't mean it like that. Somebody saying, oh, peanut head o ocho. Yeah. He ain't mean to say it like that. Yeah. Hey, how long Mike been that O McCarthy? Yeah. It's what for Fifth year?


Fourth or fifth? 2019. Or 20? 20. 20. 20. 20. One, two. Okay. So been Three, four fifth year. Yeah. Yeah. I understand, understand, I understand what he's trying to say. The, the way he worded it might not be right and could be taken a little different, you know? But what Was he trying to say? Zach? Zach. Zach been there for a minute. Boy, Zach been there for, and for him to be on the way out way on the tail end of his career, maybe, maybe or maybe not. Yeah. But if he is going out, this is a horrible way to go.


This is a hor this is a, a very, very bad way to go. Zach Martin is not what he once was. But if you not what you once was, then everything around you has to be that much better. And it's, it's, it's stinking up the place in all three phases. Whether it be offense, whether it be defense. Hell, the special teams might be bad too. This is his full quote. Mike can leave and go wherever he wants. Guys I kind of feel bad for are like Zach Martin guys who might be on their last year or on their way out. Right? Because that's who I want to hold the trophy for. You want to win games, to do great things for those type of ledgers who put more time in and work than Mike McCarthy ever did.


Those are the kind of guys that I have so much sympathy and hurt for. Now. Do you believe he took it outta context, Right? Yeah. And now, now when you say it like that, you, you No, I ain't say it like that. He said it like that. I know, but you, I'm saying before you just read all that, I kind of, I ki I kind of thought it might have been, hey, but hey, you think he mad me? Well, Michael must be mad at Mike McCarthy. What? He mad at all that losing? Nah. Even if, even, even if you mad at all the losing, you don't, you don't, don't throw your, your, your, your coach under the bus like that, huh? No. Or throw he drove over the top of Yeah, I mean the way, I mean the way you just read.


Are you sure that's his quote? That's His quote. His quoted. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's, that's if there's, listen, if there's anybody that can get away with it on that team, he's one, he's one of the few that can, especially to be able to say something like that. I listen, you can, you can, you can pump up your boy Zach Martin, but there was no, no, no need to go. Yeah. Sometimes you go, you could pump up your guy without crapping on the other guy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You, you, you can do that. I get what you're saying. Yeah. But in the meantime, we gotta give a, we can't leave without talking about the Eagles that put foot filler. Jaylen Hearst was 14 of 2,202 yards, two touchdowns, one interception. Sequan Barkley did not have a big day, but the Eagles ran the ball 38 times for 187 yards.


AJ Brown came back after he left the game last week. Five catches for a buckle. Nine. The 15, they had two touchdowns. Dallas Godard had one and Wilson had another. Jaylen Hearst lost. A former, had two turnovers, but they dominated, they dominated the best chance they had. Zeke fumbled the ball and gave it him a Touchback Ocho. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He the ball. But it was a great play. Guys hit him. Gardner Johnson hit him on one side. The other guy hit him on the other, the ball pops out, goes into the end zone. Deon falls on it. And, but hey, guess what? They get the ball right back because Jalen hurt former the football. Yeah. And they set a four field goal.


And so, but the Eagles fairly dominated this game. They sacked the quarterback. They only sacked the quarterback three times. Hearst got sacked five times. Two by over Sean. The another two by Micah. The defense played a little better after getting after the quarterbacks. They still, they two light the bushes to stop the run Ocho. You can't, they Can't. Everybody, everybody, everybody give 'em that work when it comes to running the football Run. Right. Downhill. Downhill Right Down. And they don't have enough. The guys mean Ell had 12 for 53. Zeke had six for 22. Lance had three for 17. That's not man who you gonna beat, rushing the ball for less than a hundred yards Ocho Nobody.


But you don't have a running game to begin with. Oh, I mean, huh? You don't have a running game to begin with? No. You Have one and then minus your quarterback. Now you can't throw the ball either. 'cause you using your backup. So now you down, two of you down two times. Right. You can't throw, you can't run. What the hell you supposed to do? Yeah. How y'all caught plays. Well, if you can't run it, you can't throw it. That's kind of, you're kind of limited on offense, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, they only give you, they only give you two options on offense. You can run it or you can throw it. Now if you can't do either one of those, you kind of, You, you get what you got today basically.


I mean, I be, if I'm the cowboys, I, I would think about punting on first or second down to save myself the embarrassment. Yeah. 'cause y'all, what were they on? Hold on, lemme see what they were on. See what the cowboys were. Cowboys were three or 14 on third down. Yeah. They come out better compt it. Yeah. Three or 14. Three or 14. Three or 14.


You know what I'm curious About? You know, curious about, I'm curious how the fans, I'm curious how the fans in Dallas feel. I would love, I mean obviously I'm, I'm not a goddamn, I'm beat reporter, but I would love to hear genuinely how they feel about the season so far. How they feel about Jerry. And, and, and I hate, I hate using the word lies, but obviously they've been lies that they're sold and told each and every season. I I I, I was always curious, you know, how, how they felt because it's only, it's only one way to have change. You know, if you hit somebody's pockets, that's the only way change is going to happen. Yeah. Stop showing up. Stop showing.


Stop showing up and watch what Happened. They're not, they, I mean, you, you're a fan. You, I mean you, you loyal. I mean, you, you root for the cowboys, you cowboys in your blood. Yeah. All those wanting cowboys to prioritize Trey last development. They're not, they're not there. I want to see us win the game. Jerry said, I want to win the game. So I want to do things to win the game. This is not fun. This isn't pretty. I thought we'd be better frankly. You the only one. You the only one that thought that Jerry. Damn man. So What, what steps did you take to make sure you got better at stopping the run?


But he said he was gonna be all in. I remember that quote. I remember that quote in off season. Well, I think what he meant by that was resigning the guys that he had Dak, CD and eventually Michael Parsons. But Ocho, what couldn't they do last year? Stop the run. What couldn't they do last year? Ocho run the football. So again, tell me the steps that they took in order to improve in those areas. Do what you've always done. You'll get what you've always gotten. So you brought the same guys back and says, okay guys, we got a new D coordinator. So what we're gonna do now, we're gonna stop the run. But the same personnel. Yeah. Smack on burn. You're too light. You have to play with a lead. Your team is built to play with a lead.


If you don't get the lead and a team can pound you. You see what happened? What did the 49 ERs do to them? Oh boy. What did the Eagles do to him? What did Baltimore do to 'em? What did the do to him? Go back and look at the games. Put him in a blender. Put him in a blender. And then when you, when there was an opportunity to improve your run game, you said he cost too much. How much to lose it. But see, here's the thing. The Cowboys is the one team losing doesn't cost anything. So he hasn't lost anything. Because guess what? The ratings are still to the roof when the Cowboys come on. Guess what? It was a three and 16. Think about it. A three and 16.


They was the number. They they got the number one crew at CBS. They got Romo and Nance. That should just, that just tells you. Yeah. Tell me, tell me another three and six, another three in five team that'll get a get a get Fox number one crew. Right? Or get man, they the Cowboys. If the Cowboys come on Sunday night, I don't believe they'll flex out of it. No, Because the Cowboys bring ratings Even with them losing that. With the Losing rating. Even with 'em losing, even with 'em losing. That's a, hey, that's a hell of a brand boy. And guess what Ocho, what they do on Thanksgiving, who they play on Thanksgiving. The Giants and the Giants got their own problem talking about they need to evaluate the quarterback position with that large ass sample size.


You gotta see Daniel Jones. You talking, you need to evaluate Who said that? The ball day ball. Yeah. Oh, he trying to say that they play the Giants Ocho. They play the Giants. They play the Giants on Thanksgiving.


Did you know there's no Tom at Toms? The shoe company you know and love Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Tom's, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr goddess slip bombs. Each pair of Tom's is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear@toms.com.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Coming Soon to Prime Video. You can call Me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the Best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for, For this killer. Thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. A lot of speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside his head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. Check out Bose dot com.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car riding your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking pro cars like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay. No flying cars. But as soon as they get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you. Wait Autotrader,


Let's get to this game. The Chiefs stay undefeated with a blocked field goal. The chief leads the NFL in seven. One possession wins this season the most. One score game by an eventual Super Bowl champ is nine. Both by the 2015 Broncos and the 1986 Giants. Hey, Broncos played good. Didn't I tell you didn't remember we had the conversation. I said y'all would be surprised if Bron beat Them. Right? Listen, I'm not gonna say nothing. They got damn Broncos. D the boys play good. Yes, They always play the Chief's. Good. Good. This is divisional game. This is divisional game. And most of the time when you play within the division, the games are always close. Again. The chief looked like they look, they've looked the entirety of the season.


Always finding a way to win. Yep. It's unfortunate. But the Broncos should have won this game today. Yep. And when it came, no, obviously it came down to a block field. Go field at the end. And I'm, I'm gonna let you slide, I'm gonna let you slide because I was gonna say, if your team lost day, I don't wanna But listen, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I don't even have the energy right now. You, you, you know why I don't have the energy right now. So I'm gonna let you slide tonight and just say that it, it was, it was a good game. And it was a good game. Even though I was impressed with the Broncos defense. You got a heavy heart right now and a lot on your mind. I do understand. Nah, I don't got no heavy heart.


I don't know about that. You Got a heavy heart. You got a heavy heart. I know. Uhuh. Hold on, lemme take, lemme take my shades off so you can see my ass. I'm good bro. You hear me? He don't mean it. Oh, remember what I told you? Listen, stay with me real quick, right? No, No, no. We not gonna do this. Look at right here. We gonna get right back to football. You know how to compartmentalize, right? Yes. You Know how to manage your expectations, right? Based on situation, right? Yeah. Okay. I'm leave. Let's talk game. I'm good. Ah, Patrick Mahomes, 20 to 42.


2 66. One touchdown. They did not run the ball with any conviction today. 19 rush attempts 57 yards. The Broncos ran the ball 23 times for 78 yards. The thing that's killing the chief OCHO is that red zone. Yep. I mean, Mahomes is not as sharp as he once was. He had travel at the back of the end zone. He overthrew it. He overthrow it, overthrew him, overthrew it. Blue 80, blew 80. I remember I played quarterback. So I could, I can kind of, I could, I could empathize with the, at the quarterback position, you know when sometimes that happens when you're rushing and you panic and you don't follow through with your motions, your mechanics aren't what they should be.


Yep. And, and, and stuff. The ball to get away from you like that. When you know player is wide open and sometimes you look at, you look back at you look back at yourself and you watch back on film and be like, how in the hell I missed something like that? Yeah. You they got a situation, if I'm not mistaken, don't they got Buffalo next week in Buffalo? Oh shit. I think they going to Rodeo there in Buffalo. Got Buffalo at Buffalo next week, if I'm not mistaken. Don't Joe. That's Gonna, and then they got Carolina and then they got the Panthers. Hey, There's a chance they could be they 10 to know. Right? There's a chance they could be 12 and, oh, I, when is the last time Buffalo has even beat the Chiefs? No, they're nine and Oh, so they're at, they're at, at Buffalo, at Carolina.


Home to the Raiders, then at Denver. Home to the Chargers. Oh, at Cleveland. Okay. I think that, I think the game that gives 'em is Buffalo. I think. I think Buffalo has their first loss. You think so? I do, but it's concerning me because I've seen what you call 'em starting to turn the ball over a little bit. Josh. Oh, he may today they, Yeah, so, but the chief stay undefeated and Ocho, I, I re I remember we had a season and I think we were playing the Bears and man they ran a tackle eligible and the guy dropped it.


A tackle What? A tackle. Eligible for a touchdown pad they threw, had a tackle, extra tackle in slipped him out. He dropped it. He was wide open or Spike? Wide open. Nope, he was wide open. Damn. Sometimes you, sometimes you get lucky, sometimes you get lucky. But the chiefs remain undefeated. The only unbeaten team in the NFL Best record overall best record in the A FC about the score of 16 to 14 over the Denver Broncos. The 49 ERs defeated the bucks. 2320 in the return of Christian McCaffrey. The 49 ERs Emerge victorious with the biggest story of the side was on the sideline.


Yeah. With a scuffle between Deebo Samuel, long Snapper Tabor Pepper. After the game, DBO explained what prompted the heat exchange occurred after Kicker Jake Moody's third Miss Field goal of the game. Normally I don't even get like that, but just frustrated in the heat of the battle. You know, real close game. I kind of got outta character, but I'll talk to Moody and we'll get past it. Moody responded with a rough outing by drilling a 44 yard game-winning field goal as time expired. Gotta loosen everything up. Gotta loosen everything up as a kicker. You got one job, you got nothing else. You do One thing 5, 6, 7, 8 days out the week. I'm talking about eight days. It's only seven. Yeah.


All you gotta do, you got one job is the kick. So when they ask of you to do that one job that you do, do you know you gonna miss? You're human. It's the NFL, you know you wanna be as perfect as possible. That's the reason you, why you practice. You know, if you fall short of being perfect, it'd be better than most. But you can't miss three kicks that could've cost you the game today. Yeah. Three. Come on now. Most of the time. Yeah, He wrong though. Listen, if you drop three footballs to the receiver, likelihood you, unless you a number one or elite player, probably not gonna be playing. But what happens if Deebo fumble the ball and they lose the game and the guy goes over there and grabs his face mask?


What if he drops two passes on the last drive and we lose the game? He grabs his face mask or he gets in his face. You think Debo gonna be cool with that? Nah, probably not. So that's why you have to look and I get it. Look, you and I both been on the sidelines. We've seen kickers miss it. We've seen, you know, guys do things and Yeah. It's frustrating. Yeah, that hurts. It's extremely frustrating. But you also have to understand now the way football work and the football guards, yes. They'll put you in that situation to have you drop a pass or they have, you fall the ball. They Get you right every time. Yeah, they get you right every time. But like I said, look, I know they're frustrated. They're not having the season that they expected. They're five and four. I can assure you that the 49 ERs thought they would be better than five and four after nine games.


Hey, but you know what's funny about they got the N 49 ERs with That. They always going to f-ing run when it counts. This is the first time they went back to back game so they could be onto something. Who, who do 49 ERs got count next, next two to three games. Ash. They got Seahawks at home, at Packers, at Bills Seahawks at Packers and Bills. Ooh, ooh. That's a Oh, them, oh, them tricky. I'm, I'm playing the Seahawks.


What Seahawks, what Seahawks team are we gonna get? Seahawks been Woo. Gino been putting up big numbers, but all over. Yeah, Gino leading the league. League ain't passing, ain't He? He was. Yeah, he was. I mean, Purdy's gonna be up there. Na well, Gino had a big guy. I fake. Gino had a big game when they play Monday night. No, they were on a bye week. Seattle was on a bye. Seattle was on a bye. Okay. But Purdy had a, had an outstanding day. He was 25 or 36. 3 53, excuse me, two touchdowns. Clean game. No turnovers. He fumbled, but Jennings got it. Ended up recovering it.


Hey, Deon had a good game today, right? He was Guard. Oh, Jennings. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ol had a big day, four for seven three on a touchdown. His first touchdowns. Mike came back, six catches 66 yards. Deebo was five for 62. And Kittle great touchdown. Purdy did a great job of finding him in the back of the end zone ocho. Yeah. He had, he had three for 57 in a touchdown. Pearsall had four for 73 in a touchdown. Yeah. I mean, but this is the type of game that Purdy needed because they were unable to run the football. Right. So now I gotta put the ball in your hands and you gotta make it happen. You think McCaffrey healthy For 19 million?


Yeah, man, you know, hey, at this point in time, Ocho, look, you don't get healthy during the season. No. Because when you, when when, when a doc, an average person and he has an injury or he has something, what he say rest. Yeah. That what they tell you, they gonna ice you, they gonna stem you. They gonna put PT you and they gonna get you out the field as quick as they possibly can. Yeah. And, and you Ain't no normal. You, you not no normal person. You don't get to take what a normal person would take six to 10 weeks. Oh. They try to get you back that thing in, in, in two to four. Right.


It's really that simple. I mean, I wish there was other way around it guys, but it's just not and ale and, but athletes heal faster. We're different. We get, like I said, you go to pt, a normal person goes to pt, what, two times a week. Right? You go in every single day, maybe two times a day. Maybe you getting PT for two hours. I mean, I have injury. Go your day. Hey, I get, think about it, I get there at seven. I've gotta be there by seven. Right. Get out my clothes, get my, hey, I get in, get it for two hours. Okay. Lunch. I'm getting it again after practice. I get it again. So I'm getting treatment three times a day.


Okay. I remember them days. So, but that was, that was, I mean the, I I give the bucks a lot of credit. Dial their two top wide receivers and still put up a t effort. Effort. I'm impressed. I'm impressed. I thought Baker Baker played well. Hey, you see Baker? Hold off. Goddamn osa. Yeah. Still throw that for hey. Yep. Okay. Baker, baker will cooking. Man, I I, I, I wanted, I wanted, I, I wanted, I mean, it, it would've been dope. It would've been dope to see the Bucks win that game because that, that was a good, that was a good, that was a good game. It was Those of you that had the opportunity to watch that Bucks game, that was good.


Steelers commanders, joy Ru versus the Rug Steelers get to win against the commanders. 28, 27 at halftime, the Steelers had 3 97 yards of total offense. They finished with 312. Russ was inconsistent. He was 14 of 58, 14 of twenty eight, a hundred and ninety five yards, three tds and won INT Daniels who entered the game as an MVP candidate, did not have his best game completed. 16 to 32. 1 94. 194 yards. Yeah. He missed a couple of throws that he liked to have back. He had Luke McCaffrey on a crossing route that he, he really would really, really would love to have that one back. Yeah. But give Russ credit because Russ, I think at one point was like nine of 20, but he picked it up.


George Pickens made some big time plays. Fry Mo came up, clutch for him, made some big time plays. Austin had a couple of big catches and they were able to go on the road. Man, I'm watching this game. Mocho. Yeah. Did you see how many people raiding 'em? Terrible towels? Yeah. Hey, what? Hold On. I was like, I gotta go back to look. I gotta see, is this, is this in Washington or is this in three in Pittsburgh, When the Steelers play away, they travel extremely well. So wherever they playing at, basically it's their stadium. I'm like the Steelers. The Steelers will make it they stadium no matter how far, no matter how far they playing, it Don't matter. You know why Ocho Right. Because the Steelers were really good in the seventies and a lot of people, right.


They, they, they now they got kids. They grew up watching the Steelers. They became Steelers fans and a lot of times kids become fans like their parents of the team that their parents root for. Right, right, right, right. So when you go, you are absolutely right when you go on the road, I'm looking, I'm like, hold on. Washington got the ball. Why? The crowd is in the frenzy. Why they waving the towels? I said, Washington don't rave no towels. Hell yeah. And like, lemme go Real. I I said They take it there. Take your sta take your stadium over. Take your airport. Oh my, my goodness. Yeah. That was a good ga That was a good ass game though. It Was.


It was. And I was looking, I was listening to some of the commander fans. They were upset about taking the elves today. Do y'all realize y'all, at the top of the vision, do you realize you just lost only your third game? Do you realize the quarterback that you do have at the ham, you have a decade plus some of winning football with him as your quarterback. Yep. Need nothing to hang your head on about losing today. It's cool. It's cool. I'm happy for Ru though. Three starts. He's three and Oh, a lot of people question Mike Tomlin putting him back in as a starter. Yep. I wouldn't call it a gamble, but the gamble that most people say it is, it's paying off. Yeah, absolutely.


And he said it himself. Oh, so he said it himself. He was the lone ranger on this decision. Okay. Okay. Okay. But this, and he said, but he also said, this is why they paid me the big bucks to make these decisions and I can, I'm able to stand. And the One thing that you know about the Steelers organization, they're always gonna back their head coach. Yeah. That's why they've only had three since 1969. The had Chuck Knoll, the head coach Cower, and now they have Mike T. Right. There's a reason they're not swayed by the media. They're not swayed by the fans talking about fired this and fire that. Oh yeah. That's not how the Rooneys operate. They don't care about that. But the Steelers run their record.


They sit firmly atop the nf the A FC North with a 72 record. But they haven't played any division games. Yeah. They got two games against Baltimore, two games against Cleveland, two games against Cincinnati. We're gonna find a lot more, we're gonna find a lot more about the Steelers. Yeah. A lot more about the, the Ravens and a lot more about the Bengals over the next six weeks. Because I think they got, I think they in the next six weeks, Ocho I think they got the Ravens twice and the Bengals twice. Yeah. Hey, I, I mean, I'm thinking about the damn Steelers sitting the top of the goddamn a FFC North. Yep. And who would've, who would've thought last year you didn't, you didn't even have a quarterback.


No. Last year you didn't even have a quarterback. And you know, you, you bringing Russell Wilson, you're bringing Justin Fields, then you have two. So I'm thinking, well, hell, they got a quarterback carousel going on. They definitely gonna be last in the division. This is how I'm thinking as a, as a player. Yes, I agree. When there's quarterback controversy, it's too much. It's too much turmoil. It's too much going on. 'cause one time they'll put one in and he might not play well because there's pressure because he knows, damn, I can't make any mistakes because if I make any mistakes, you know they gonna put an old boy in there. Yes. So you're not able to play freely. You play very conservative football. So I'm thinking, yeah, the Steelers ain't, they ain't gonna be, they ain't gonna be none today. But Unc Justin Fields surprised be the first three weeks.


They might have went two at, at, at some point when they put Russell in. But Justin Fields play well now Russell get the goddamn job. He's at the ham and he cooking. Yeah, He cooking Justin. So he, he making time to look good Based on the thing. He's though. But in order for this to be a success, Justin had to do what he is doing because imagine if he goes over, okay, so now all of a sudden you trying to get to 500 instead of being seven and two. Right. Mike Tomlin knows his team. He's around this team. He knew how his team would respond. He knew he was making a very, very tough decision. But he knew that had he had the type of guys in the locker room that would back his decision because they trust him. He's given them no reason not to trust him.


The organization trust him. And so we should have had faith. I should have had faith in Mike Tomlin knowing over the last 17, 18 years, he's been nothing but exemplary. Mike Tomlin would ask post game about the similarities, the difference between Jayden Daniels and Lamar Jackson. Man be real slow comparing people to Lamar Jackson. That's a multi, that's a multi-time. MVP, that's Mr. Jackson. We'll see Mr. Jackson in a few days. Yeah. Yeah. You, you can't compare the two. Now there there are two things that they do alike. They can run the ball. They can throw the ball. Yeah. But they two completely different type of players altogether. Yeah. I be, look, just because somebody's black and they can run the football and throw the football, that'll mean they Lamar.


Yeah. Well, lemme ask you a question. We don't say that about Peyton. We didn't say, okay, he white he a pocket passer. Oh, that's Peyton Manning, right? Oh, he white. He can't run. He throw from the pocket. That's Tom Brady. We don't do that. But they try to compare Justin Fields, the Lamar Jackson or Michael Vick, Caleb Williams, anybody that can run and black and throw Oh yeah, he this, he that. Damn. Yeah. Every time. Let the guy be, let the guy be him Every time Cardinals Defeat. Damn. Hey, hey, they beat the, they beat the dog. Nevermind. I don't, I don't even curse no more. So I ain't gonna say it. I got saved.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers Flatts and our iconic Alpr Goddess slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim, seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for Afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. I wanna stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is The product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against side's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you Think you can stop him? I know I can trust I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like here in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. Check out bs.com.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car riding your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Auto Trader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking pro cars like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on auto trader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay. No flying cars. But as soon as they get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait. Autotrader


With at and t in-car wifi. Elevate your adventure by transforming your vehicle into a reliable wifi hotspot. Connect up to 10 devices up to 50 feet away from your vehicle, making it ideal for camping and road trips. Don't miss out on the fun. Embark on your next adventure today. Visit att.com/incar wifi to check if you're eligible for a free trial. Always pay careful attention to the road and don't drive distracted wifi hotspot intended for passenger use only when vehicle is an operation compatible device. And vehicle required.


The Cardinals beat the jet. 31 to six. Overbrook said over overall a long layoff there they were not prepared to play. That's the coach's job. But anyway, Rogers completed one pass that traveled at least 10 yards. You're talking about a future hall of Famer quarterback throwing the Devonte Adams and Garrett Wilson. The Cardinals had the 24th rank pass defense from Rogers to the bottom of the rosters. The Jess LR under half under Underachieved OCHO owner Woody Johnson decision to fire coach Robert Sala after five games have backfired. Mid-season trade. But Devonte Adams has not bore fruit.


Yeah. And interim interim coach Jeff Urich is one in four. Damn. Who? I'm trying to figure out who's surprised. I tried to tell y'all that just wasn't gonna be no good. Y'all pin all your hopes. All your hopes on a 40-year-old quarterback coming off an Achilles injury. Right. That's really not really invested in the team because he goes on p max show and he talks about everything other than football. Go back and look how Peyton manic Ingra ingratiated himself with the Broncos when he left the coach after a long time. Right. Go back and look at Tom Brady, how he ingratiated himself. How many many camps did you think those two guys missed? The four guys I, me, the two guys I mentioned earlier.


How many they held special practices. They got the guys together to work In the off season. Yeah. Yeah. They was different. Now you done fired the coach. You done demoted the offensive coordinator. Yeah. Well the defense gave up 31. Well, you know the offense is allowed to score more than six. Absolutely. Because that's the One thing I like about football. It's not like when you play one-on-one you play make it, take it. I make a basket, I get take it back out again. Now in football I score touchdown. I kick it off to you. You could score too. You hit The ball. Yeah, but they, they they, they, they not gonna have, they gonna, they ain't gonna have nobody.


Ain't nobody nobody else to fire. Ain't nobody else to blame you. Fired s See the thing is like, you gotta be careful. You gotta be careful when you do things for the wrong reasons. Right. See, a lot of, a lot of this has to do and a lot of this has to do with him being mad at the Packers for drafting Jordan Love. So I'm gonna go show you that. I still got something left. Yeah. If you're not Ocho you've heard me say it a lot. If you're not careful, you'll become the bad thing you despise the most in a person. The guy that proceeded him, what did he do? He got mad because they took a quarterback. Right. And where did he go first when he left Green Bay?


The Jets. Jets, same thing. Same, same thing. I mean, Devonte Adams had 13 targets. He caught six passes for 31 yards. Damn. You probably thinking I could have stayed where I was, did exactly this and kept I think the state income tax in Jersey, New York, wherever it's about 10%. I pay nothing. It's who? The state income tax in New York. New Jersey's gotta be like 10%.


10. Who? I ca I ca I catch I'll catchall at the end of my career. I'll pay you back later. What State Jersey is? 10.75. Almost 11 because he stays in Jersey so we don't have to do New York. But he stays in Jersey. Nobody stays in the city. New York's 11. So he's playing 10 on that 10, 10.75%. That's crazy. Well, you know how, how that is. Yeah. Ha and giraffe hoo-Ha. But here's the thing, Ocho, that's the thing.


You just think, see what Peyton and because remember when Peyton got to Denver? Yeah. They went 13 and three. They won like seven, eight games in a row. Had the number one seed. Baltimore did come in and knock them off in the division round. Right. Peyton finished second in the MVP voting. The next year they go to the Super Bowl. Peyton, they break all the records. Peyton over 5,400 passes of yards. NFL record 55 touchdowns, NFL record, go to the Super Bowl the following year. Peyton throws 39 touchdowns. We see what Tom does his first year there. Yeah. So we like, hey, they do it. They, nah bro, You, you, you would expect Aaron, those Are two natural born leaders.


Natural people gravitate towards them. Right. So you, you don't see Aaron as a leader, huh? I mean, just your own personal opinion out outside of the All I all I know is what what what I've, what I've read And Witness what I've read with coaches. Oh, okay. I see what you mean. Not Coaches. Excuse me. What I've read with the reports about the, the CEO Mark Murphy. Yes sir. Aaron, don't you be the problem, they don't consult with him. They didn't consult with him when they hired. Right. They didn't consult with him when they let somebody go.


Damn. The mere fact of how he does things when Mike Williams, oh, I was expecting Mike Williams to do this and he red line and he he he was supposed to red line, he got bro, why would you do that? Yeah. You can't throw, you can't throw your play under the Bus. Why would you do that? Name the time you've ever heard Peyton Manning name the time you've ever heard Peyton or Tom Brady because this is the guy that he wants to be in the category with. When have Tom Brady ever thrown somebody under the bus? Never. Never. When did Peyton Manning ever throw somebody? They'll eat it. They'll eat it. Yeah. Every time They'll eat it and then have the conversation with the guys like, look, you know I was expect you to be on the red line. Right. Not run the end cut.


Yeah. Every chance he get. What does he do? You saw him in Green Bay? Yeah. Hey, speaking of Mike being on the red line, you know they had that exact same play today, Mike. Oh. Mike had just had that exact same play today with the cover Zero. The corner was sitting there squatting, waiting on the slam pass real quick. Ocho you can't stand that far inside. You can't give a receiver that kind of free release to let him just run straight up the field. Yeah. And he, he in the inside, which made it even worse and Pushed him farther inside Further in. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good play. That was a good play about Mike.


These guys hear Ocho. Yeah, these guys are too good if you don't put hands on him. Oh, but he remember it was covered zero. So he was off. Huh? Remember he he was sitting, he was sitting, he was sitting off. Yes, but Ocho you can't be that far inside. Yeah. Tripping. He was tripping Because if he think about it, you already two yards inside. If he stem you inside now you gonna be three to four. You give that guy so much area to just throw the ball and rust throw with as good a deep ball as anybody in the league. A little. I call it like they called it a little moon ball. It comes straight down, Right down in the bucket. You ain't got no chance to recover. I don't care how fast you is. No, no.


You can't come from that. And you give, he give him a big target because he got all this to drop it over. He can't, he ain't gotta drop it down what we call trying to, he don't have to drop it down a chimney. Right. I got a big old radius that I can throw it into. I can throw it here, I can throw it here. I can let you catch it over here. Right. Because I'm not worried about the d the DB is, is so far behind. And then if I throw it over his shoulder, I can use my body ocho he's gotta come through me Right. To break the play up. But yeah, I, I don't, I don't think it, I don't, I don't, I don't know. Maybe Jeff's fans are surprised but I'm not. I should hell, I'm surprised honestly. But I told, I thought, I thought things would've been different.


I was giving Aaron Rogers his praise for what I felt he was gonna be able to do on the field. I didn't really care about the stuff he was doing off of it. You know, do whatever the hell you want to off of it. But I'm, he Being, he has I'm, yeah, I'm expecting him to look like maybe not the Aaron Rogers, the bold, just gimme 50% of that gimme 50, 50, 60% of the old Aaron Rogers. And I thought, you know the Jets, they gonna be on one. They Gonna be Well you talking about ca he talking about cayenne water and lemon. Who Is that? How'd that work out for him today? Cayenne? Yeah, cayenne ward, cayenne, pepper, water and lemon. Oh, it's the fountain of youth even had to, he even had to kicker to drill the field.


Go, oh yeah, this thing is working bro. That stuff don't work. Look, I understand all that cleanse and you go to these holistic places and they give you all that stuff to I get it Right. I ain't never heard no cayenne. I I know about the Porsche. Cayenne, Cayenne, cayenne pepper. They put cayenne pepper and they put water, lemon. I mean what, what did, what did what, what was he add? And he talking about it's the five Discover the fountain of you. You gonna, Clearly you don't watch yourself play because there ain't nothing useful about you. Ain't nothing. I'm not breaking any new chat. Do y'all think there's anything youthful about Aaron Rogers play? Does he cayenne peppery water?


Does he move like he once did? Absolutely not. Oh no. I gotta, I gotta try that man. Try for what? I Mean you Look like he look, look. Nah, he said the founding youth. How he look? He look old. Okay. So I would stay away from that cayenne ward if I was you. I know, but you gotta understand. I mean it's the, nevermind I ain't nevermind. You know we ate we age gracefully. The Volume.


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus Live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making Smarter Financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in Stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's o doo.com.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown. Defense will the owner of a red sedan, please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.