
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy.


This is Colin Coward from the Colin Coard podcast. Help desk software, email tools, pipeline tracking. You don't need more tools to get more out of your business. You just need HubSpot. They're all on one customer. Platforms to dream come true for all your teams. Generate more leads for marketing, help sales close more deals, scale service fast, then watch results and revenue soar. Visit hubspot.com to get started today


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Looking For a fast and comfortable head shave? Check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shave and head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Power Flex 360 degree neck, and five dual track heads that pivot and contour. To ensure maximum skin contact on all sides from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to boulder pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales. 12 months ending April, 2024.


State Farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See d kng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Ocho, it is time for Rough Draft presented by Oscar Meyer. Yeah, Brady The bacon. Huh? Look at the bacon. You don't see the bacon? Brady Bacon. This segment is brought to you by Oscar Meyer Bacon. Oscar Meyer Bacon smokes their bacon for 12 really long hours, twice. It's as long as the industry standard, which is where you get that delicious smokey flavor from today's promo. Prompt. Best super heroes.


Each player get to speak. Six. Six. And I get to go first. I didn't wanna read no more. I'm going first. Superman. Gimme Superman. Gimme Superman. You gonna Superman first? Yep. You sure? Yes, superheroes. I'm Okay. I'm going, I'm going dead. I'm going dead Pool first then. Okay. I'm going Batman, I'm going Ironman, I'm going Spiderman. Wolverine Hawk. Shit. It's over.


It's over's. No, you crazy. Gimme gimme Black Lightning. He reaching y'all. Gimme lightning. He reaching. Nah, I'm just, I'm just throwing a little color in there. I'm just, I'm throwing a little seasoning. That's all. Ain't no way you beat me. Hey, I'm, oh, you, you done lost. My first three are better than what you just named anyway.


Nah, bro. Yeah, a ask the chat we Gonna see. Come on because I I, I done gave you three, right? Yeah. And then, you know, I'm, I'm not with segregation, so my next three is gonna be nothing but flavor. Come on. Well, you sure Taking a long time over there, boss. I go Wonder Woman. Wonder Woman. Oh, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold. Lemme see. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'll let you go. Go ahead. I'll take you one. One. I'm Going. Yeah, I'm going Blade Black Panther Motherfucker. It's over.


It's over now. Power man. You go with it? Yeah. Hey. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got it. I gave, I gave you. No, you, you ain't, you ain't win this Aquaman. I'm going a I'm going Aquaman. Okay. That was your last one, right? Yeah. Hold on. Yeah, you that was six. Oh no. Okay. No. Okay. Yeah, that was six Chad. Ain't no way y'all could do that with this one. Ain't y'all could do that with this ain't Superman, black Panther. What you talking about? I had dead pulled Wolverine, iron Man. It's Over.


Oh, That three right there. The those three right there eliminates everybody you picked. What did you talking about? And then I added the flavor. I added the black superheroes blade Power Man. Come on man. What you talking about? Ain't nobody better than Black Panther. Ain't nobody better than Black Panther. Huh? You lost I on that Vibrio? This argenx I got me thinking I was on that Vibrio. You lost, Man. Y'all, you, it ain't even close. You lost. I'm bopping the flow with you Ocho.


And you, you lucky I ain't go blank man. You coulda went blank. Man. You lucky I ain't gonna Captain America and you know what I'm saying? I I let you off the hook. I even threw, I, I threw a lady in there. You don't cut a whip. You know I gotta get a whip, a superhero. Unc, you lost. No, ain't no, ain't no way. And Ocho you owe me 79% say you owe me 70, 79%. Say you owe me 2K That they, that's, that's 70. Hold on now. I thought, I thought we just had, I thought, I thought, I just thought we had a, a kumbaya moment. A a we did a coming together moment about, about me having to take three Ls in less than three a three week, a two week stand. Hell, la Lamar's 14 touchdowns in 17 days.


So you could take three, you could take three Ls in in two weeks. It's All good. Hey, y'all wanna sleep my hoodie? Look at this. Look at that. I wanna know, do the Bingo send stuff like this to their players? Do they, they Formula? Yeah, we got some. I got some. Yeah, they do. They do. Look At that. No, they don't. They don't, they don't chat cheap as cheap ass. Mike Brown ain't sending nothing out. And you, you play, you play, you played for the Ravens for three business days and you acting No, you are a Denver Bronco man.


You were, you're a Denver Bronco. I'm hating Ocho. I'm, I'm, I'm not hating. I'm just telling you, you wasn't there long enough. So, so, so what? So what is, so Tom Brady ain't no, so Tom Brady ain't no Buccaneer. So P Manning ain't no Bronco either, huh? No, they wasn't there long enough. Oh, that was just, that was the, that was the stop. You, you naming places that they played when they were no longer wanted by their main girl. Yeah. That's all right. I love them both. I love who loved me. That was you told me I love who loved me. So, hey, I, my girl, my old girl wasn't loving me like she supposed to find a new girl. Yeah. She took me in, fed me, closed me. Show what, what love was all about. Look At there. Right, right, right. Yeah. Right, right, right.


Hey, so I, I need, I need to choose who choose me, huh? Yep. Okay, okay, okay. That's what I'm gonna do then. Yeah. Fuck this shit. Yeah. I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm choosing who choose me. Shit. Fuck yeah. I'm, yeah. Okay. That's all I need to hear. That's all the little, that's all the inspiration and motivation I need. Hey Chad, y'all like my hoodie. Look at that hoodie. Do they sell these in Baltimore? Yep. They sell him at Walmart and Target. No, they Don't. They hooked this up. Baltimore, they hook The Ravens hooked me up. Hey, I don't know who in charge of this, who in charge of alumni and they got my number on it too. Look at that. You don't see that number 80.


You, you sold you, you you sold that on there. Okay. Like, no, no, No, no, no. That come in the package package every year they, the Ravens send out, oh, oh, Ocho, that thing was ugly. 79, 70 1% say I won a a Rough Draft I the floor with you. You know what's funny? You know what? In, in my defense, I don't even watch Marvel. That ain't got nothing to do with me. I'm just saying Once I went, once you let me get Superman, Batman and Spiderman ain't, ain't no.


Now you can pick, This is just fail to realize I'm picking names that are familiar with me based on what I've heard or seen. And I I don't watch it. So I I know about Ojo. Yeah. How you not know about Spiderman, Batman and Superman. Those are the greatest super heroes ever. I, I ain't, I ain't wanna pick them. I want to pick, I wanna pick things that are a little bit more relatable to, you know, the new aids, the, the new era of folk And I, I ain't went to the, the Halls of Justice. Oh, Saturday morning, the just the Justice leave. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember that. I I I I'll let you walk.


I ain't, I ain't had no TV Back.


This Rough Draft was brought to you by Oscar Mayer. Don't forget to pick up that Oscar May thick cut, real hardwood smoke bacon. Again, this segment, Rough Draft was brought to you by Oscar Mayer. Don't forget to pick up that Oscar Mayer thick cut. Real hardwood, smoked bacon. Hey, I just smoked OCHO in this Rough Draft that thing.


Let, I wanna go through this one more time. I got Superman, Batman, Spiderman Hook, wonder Woman, black Panther. This man went with Dead Pool, iron Man, Wolverine, black Lightning Blade and Power Man. Yeah, I just, I was just, I was just trying to know, can Y'all tell, can y'all tell Ocho played by himself? I was just, I was just trying to show, you know, I didn't wanna show division, you know, no segregation. You know, I, I had three, I had three, you know, white superheroes and, and three black superheroes.


Well, I don't know what color my superhero, because they all had masks. I tell you what colors they are. My, My superhero, my superhero had mask on. So I don't know. Superman. Batman wore masks. Spiderman wore a mask. The Hulk was green. Black Panther had a mask on. I'm assuming since they said Black Panther, he had to be Black Wonder Woman. Wonder Woman was black too. Okay, Who was that storm? I have went Storm. I could, she's what you do? You, I don't dunno if you remember the, does anybody remember the the thing Isis? I know it's a, it's a terror group now, but it used to be a cartoon.


There was a lady named No seriously there. It was a lady. It was a lady named Isis Almighty. Isis. And she start twirling around. Yeah, yeah. Chat. I bet the chat, Chad. I bet y'all remember Isis, don't you? Do y'all remember Isis? The the chat Too young. The chat too young For that? Nah, hell nah. I have, look here, there's some old people in that be watching that be listening to us. Chad, y'all remember Isis? Watch this. Pull up. Pull her ass up. Yep. Almighty Isis.


Hey, the chat said Wonder Woman is, is is white Ocho shit. That ain't what my grandma said. I mean, Uhuh, what, what, what, what, what is Jesus? Whatever church. Somebody lying. You see the Dojo? What's that? Isis? I can't, I can't even see that. I see it, but I, What?


Somebody laughing, talking about I'm 51. I don't know who the hell ISIS is. Y'all ain't watching no car cartoons? I don't know what y'all listen, y'all know the cartoon network just, just, just started about 20 years ago. Okay? Back in the day. You only got cartoons on Saturday. If you missed it on Saturday ass without a look to the following Saturday, it wasn't nothing coming on during the week. Now y'all got cartoons, all the effing time. So hey car, it ain't no fun, no ojo, it ain't no fun. If you can get it all the time, you know what I'm saying? Got cartoon used to come on Saturdays and you had to like, you got up early in the morning and you watch cartoons from like seven to noon, then they were gone.


If I get up opportunity to watch what Blues Clues and Paul What whatever, whatever they got, Bob the bill or whatever the case may be. It is what it's so I'm like, nah man, Ocho allegedly the young thugs $1.7 million custom Bubba Watson, Richard Mill is missing after police officers seized the jewelry fans believe the car was wearing it on the stand. Hold on. I don't think the cop that that, I don't think the cop that crazy to do that. I saw, I saw the clip too. I saw, I saw it on Twitter and Instagrams. I don't think he, he, I mean obviously it's evidence you can prove. Obviously if you a cop, First of all, a cop ain't no way in hell you could afford a $1.7 million watch.


First of all, you can't, you can barely afford a damn Rolex, let alone a 1.7 million. I don't give a damn do the chief of police. Yeah, IIII doubt, I doubt that was it. I doubt that was it. Oh, but they, they gonna have to come off, come up off some because they, they checked it in and put in, what's the word? If they put it into not evidence, what, what, what, what would that be called? Yeah. If you see or be evidence. But here's the thing, did they seize it and like, and says like, okay, a lot of times they seized property, you ain't getting that it back, they seized your card. Right. Especially if it was, if it was gotten by Ill gotten means. Hmm.


So let's just say for the sake of you're a drug dealer, you got all these homes, they say, well, you purchased this stuff with drug money, we take it all this. Unless, unless you can prove it. Yes. And that's the hard part. They, they, they're never able to prove it. They take everything you can prove. Exactly. Yeah, I agree. So hopefully he gets his watch back. Like I said, I, I, you know, I don't know if it was a seizure where they say, okay, we going to take this, we going to, a lot of times they seize, if it's IRS for the seizure, you ain't getting it back because they gonna use that to pay off your dead ocho. That's One thing about the Rs.


Now when they see something, you ain't getting it back. Use. Oh yeah, they gonna use it to pay off your


debt. Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave, check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaving head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides. It's 100% waterproof so you can use it with foam in the shower or dry and is super easy to clean because the cut hair collects in the chamber underneath the shaver heads. The Balder Pro is backed by a five year limited warranty for guaranteed durability and the lithium rechargeable battery delivers up to 50 minutes of cordless runtime from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today. That's balder pro.com for 15% off based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service US sales 12 months ending April, 2024.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what chores Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof, eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is a open door to stacks of them. And if it's your card, the fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do or yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Oh, Joe, 40 monkeys escaped from a South Carolina research facility. At least 40 monkeys has escaped from the research centers, a research center, alpha Genesis and y Massi, South Carolina police accept trapped and using thermal imaging to capture the animals. They're warning the public to keep their windows and doors closed. Caesar led the escape. Hey, matter of fact, when you talk about these, the, the research monkeys, and it's for them that escape. What type of research do you think they doing? They what you mean what they doing? They they test medicines are what type Of what type of research. Okay. Okay. Okay. Medical research. Okay. Okay. I'm just, just, just curious and, and how do they escape?


I mean, how, how do you allow something like that to happen? Especially a vicinity like that where research But somebody probably gonna lose their job Because Yeah, 40 40 of them. Come on man. That that don't even sound right. That don't even sound right. And I'm not a conspiracy theist A lot of problems, A lot of most things happen because of human error. Exactly. That that's one. Or sometimes because it is done on purpose. Yeah. I mean, look, had it had it happened like maybe in the middle of the night sometimes, you know, you have these PETA and you have certain groups that'll come in and don't think the the animals should be, I don't believe animals should be held captive, but I'm not breaking into some facility and risk going to to prison or jail to, to free.


Got it. Yeah. I, but I don't believe they should be held captive With that being said. Yeah. Like I said, will, I'm, I'm sure they're gonna like find out, get to the bottom of this. I'm sure they have cameras. Did somebody just let them out? Did was it just human error? Somebody just wasn't paying attention. It's really, it's really hard to tell ocho It's really hard to tell, You know how many 40 you not 40 monkeys. Yeah. You not, you not letting out monkeys on accident. It was either human error or it was done on purpose. Yeah. And I doubt it's human error. The protocol and their steps that you go through every single day and you repeat the same thing every Single day the same way the the the same way You repeat the same and people escape prison the same protocol.


Yeah. Yeah. Because you guess what you do, you develop a pattern right now orangutans, which is the highest of the IQ primates. Yeah. Them jokers are still the key. Yeah. BIA out and about and a and come back. You don't know nothing. They got the key head hiding in their lip. They looking around on you. Oh, y'all go. They get out, do what they want. Hey, do what they need to do, have a good time, let themselves back in the cage. But like you said, when like we gonna To find out one way or another what happened. Yep. Bet Somebody probably gonna lose Good job. I bet I'm right too. Watch Ocho Swizz beats teases the return of verses.


Man, I during the pandemic, I love verses. Oh Yeah. Verses was really good, especially during the pandemic. It was perfect timing. That was perfect timing. That's why the viewership was so goddamn high because there was nothing else for us to do. Yes. There was nothing for us to do outside of watching TV and Netflix and Hulu and all those other things. But versus was awesome versus really awesome, the fact that it's coming back. But you gotta give us, you gotta give the people what they want. Oh yeah. You gotta give people what they want. Look, I love the Isley Brothers Earth, wind Fire, Snoop Dogg. I Snoop. Oh, you old. Oh man, I look, I I loved it. Look, if I could have any verses I want two, I want Mariah and Whitney and I want Prince and Michael Jackson.


Oh, we talking about real live verses, I mean those, those are hypotheticals. That That's what, that's, that's, that's the verses I would want. Okay. I see what you mean. I see what you mean. I mean, if, if I would think about the day and a verse that I, I would, I would like to see who, I would like to see a, a verse between maybe like a Jay-Z and Wayne. No, I mean, yeah. Eh, yeah. I would like to see a Chris Brown and Usher a Chris Brown versus Usher. They're discography 20 Songs. Just 20 Yeah. Twenties enough because they got, they got, they got too many songs, 20 of their face songs That pretty Brown versus Usher. That be a good one. That be damn, Really, Really good.


That, that, that would be a very, very good one. Who else? Well, I mean, what you want, you want rap? You want RB I'm trying, I'm trying to think of rap. Some that where, where, where it makes sense. Some that makes sense. Nicki Minaj and Meg. Nah. Nick Nicki Minaj has or discography is is two big Lil Kim and Nicki. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Missy Elliot and Nicki. Yeah.


Hey, I don't know what you, y'all must have forgot about Y'all must have forgot about her Missy that she ain't misdemeanor for nothing. Now don't play with her. Don't play with her and her videos. Who ain't no woman had no video like her. Listen. Yeah, nobody had visual, nobody had artistry Or, or that little pint size Creativity. Small Ocho 5 1 5 2 pint size. But boy, Mme, Missy and Busta rhymes the creativity. Oh yeah. Individuals was untouchable back then. Untouchable. Who y'all wanna see who y'all wanna see.


Who would y'all wanna see in, in a, in in a verse chat. Somebody say Jodeci and whoever. Guy Jodeci. How about we do Guy and Jode? That that be a good one? Baby facing Keith Sweat baby. Hey, Babyface got some knock because Babyface got a lot of, ca got a lot of stuff that he didn't say that he wrote. Yep. That he wrote. Yep. I was just getting ready to say that.


Who could we, who could we put Stevie Wonder up against? Nobody. Stevie Wonder. Yeah. Hey, he is a legend boy. He got some classics. Stevie got some classics About Lil Wayne and M &. M That's a good one. Who gonna put up against New Edition? New Edition? Look, I look here, here, here's the guy. Look, I get, I look, we talking, we just talking musically.


We know the person, we know what r Kelly is alleged to have done. Right. We're not here to try to, to right or wrong or say he didn't or whatever the case, nobody here in this chat is qualified to retry this case. Quincy Jones just passed. Ain't nobody if it were Quincy, so not r Kelly because he wrote Quincy wrote for too many big artists from Michael Jackson to Frank Sinatra, to Brothers Johnson, to Donna Summers to George Bens No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean produced. He didn't, I don't think he wrote a whole lot. Summer. No. Some of Steve.


No. Ray Charles. Now Because I, I remember having this convers, I I remember having this conversation with, with Snoop and Snoop say the only one that he think as far as produce would probably be Dr. Dre. But when you look at Quincy, you talking about 60 years. Don't Joe. Yeah, that's a long time. Boy, that's a long time To be from, to Frank Sinatra, George Benson brothers Johnson. Yeah. Ray Charles. Yep. Quincy Jones is, is damn near Octopus when it comes to the music industry.


Yeah, he's, he's, well, he's, oh Mo he's touched every genre of music and it had something to do with, He's like a standalone. He, he's a standalone. He's like, like, we just gonna leave him alone. We gonna go on to something else. But I mean, I I I'm asked to see because I look when verses came on though, when it first started. Oh, it was mu it was must see I don't care who it was. I, I'm listening. Who did Usher? Usher went against who? Jock. Who did Usher go against? Not Usher did Nelly go against somebody? But it was, it was raining in Nelly's place. Go against Luda because Luda went against, who did Luda go against? I don't remember. Luda went against Nelly, right?


Yeah, Luda went against Nelly. That Chris Brown Usher would be a good one though. I'm not sure who they think about getting, you know, but when they do start it back up, the, the first thing they do, it has to be two people that command the ear. You get two people that command the ear in the, in, in the eyes of the viewing audience. You set, you gotta start, you gotta start off with a bang. Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. To get people back in. Oh, you gotta bring, you gotta bring some heavy weights. Gotta bring, You gotta bring heavy weights. You got to to get 'em back here because guess what Ocho, everybody outside now.


See, when you first had everybody was inside what they gonna do? Yeah. Now to get them back to come like okay. It's gotta be must see it's gotta be appointment tv. Right. Hell, you might have to get Usher and Chris Brown. But I think, like I said, like a Beyonce ain't, Beyonce ain't doing this. So can we please stop talking? Like stop saying Beyonce. Stop saying Taylor Swift. Some people like, like a whole, you know I just threw that out there guys. Them guys ain't gonna do this. What? Absolutely not. Yeah.


Maybe hell, I don't know. I don't know what Stephanie Mills do it. Why is it always the small women that got the biggest voices? You notice that on Joe, Tina Aguigui, Kristy a are small, Ariana Grande, small Mel Morris. Yeah. Why all these, these small women got the biggest damn voices? Yeah. It's like they be five foot tall. 5 1 5 2 Anding. Like they seven foot tall. Yeah. Stephanie Mills is tiny. Tina Marie was tiny.


Ariana Grande is tiny. Kristy Aara is tiny. It be tiny as f and vocal chords Crazy. He crazy at work. He at work. That's Timbaland and Swiss Beats. Look forward to watching the guy. Looking forward to listening to it. Streamer I show speed almost beat Noah Lyes in the 50 or 50 meter dash for charity. Yeah. Cheated response and track athletes think he gonna beat me. You saw the video. If you think Noah Lyes, He wasn't even running man Will show up, not prepared to beat you.


You fooling yourself. He would take you very, very serious. Extremely serious. Yeah. I mean him and him and I showed speed. That was great content. Great content. Yeah. The, the kid can run. Now o I'm not gonna lie, the kid, the kid got quick. He gotta get out. He can get out. Yeah, that's, yeah. But come on now we talking about track, we talking about Track speed. Like, like I said, no bull driving around. I I I hope, I'm hoping Reek ain't thinking that's the Noah that's gonna show up to face him. No, he wasn't even running.


He wasn't even Running. He wasn't Even, he wasn't even first Gear. That was, that was warm up Now As the, that speed was warm up. Yeah, but it look, like I said, I think that was Mr. Beast that put a hundred thousand up and he ended up, they ended up making it happen. So look, I-I-I-I-I would watch it. I would, I would watch it, But I know there's levels to this. You gotta realize tracks do One thing, straight line speed. All they gotta do is run fast. I gotta run fast. I I gotta get from 60 meters to a hundred meters or 200 meters and get a, it ain't football.


They're very, unless you run a nine route, that's the only time you run full speed. You gotta like, you run an hour route, Ocho you know you gotta hit the foot, hit 10, you roll out, you gotta run a dead cut, you gotta run a, you know, a a a over route. You gotta run a slant. All no allows to do is try to build up speed in a hurry in 60 meters or a hundred meters or 200. That's it. Yep. And look, I, I know Cheetah ain't I I know Rick ain't gonna underestimate him. I know. Look, I get it and y'all track Athletes think he, this man gonna beat me. Okay. I ain't, I ain't gonna lie to nobody. I ain't gonna beat to beat nobody in their professional field.


Nope, ain't happening. That's why they, that's why they they chose a profession. I'm not. No, but I'm gonna watch it. Yeah, I'm definitely, I'm watching too. Regina Hall says she would love to return from Scary Movie six. We'll see if Brenda is in the, this new world. I'm thrilled that the possibilities and the band could get back together again. That would be fun. Yeah. Scary movie was funny. Yeah, Funny. Yeah, I, I see, I see you looking. I see you looking now Oprah, I see you looking. She available too. Let me know. I'll throw the alley. Who Now Ocho time for our last segment, which is Q and a.


Damn I gotta go. I gotta, I gotta catch a red eye man. Damn Sy Taylor said. Oh, I get so confused when people think you don't like the black community. Didn't the now see what you did for the four Olympians. Who were the majority black you to go bro, I can't. You see? But see that's the power of the in internet. You see somebody says something and then guess what happens Ocho everybody start regurgitating that. It gets repeated. This fact They run with it. Yeah. And they take it and run with it. So it, it used to bother me because I'm like, where did they get this from? Now I just don't give a f because people are, people are going to believe what they wanna believe.


Why should I spend any time trying to worry about or disprove what I like or dislike? Okay, y'all run with that. Keep it going. Now I want to know how many bills that pay for you. I wanna know where that gets you in life because in order for you to keep running with it and keep regurgitating it, something has to be good coming for from it for you. Maybe you are a content creator and it gives you stuff to talk about. But I don't, Casey, I don't spend any time worried about what people think, who I like or dislike. They need to worry about themselves.


Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, oh, I received my shoes from the auction today. Glad I could help you with such a worthy cause dog. Which one you get. You must be bought for your husband because I know you can't wear no 13. Said don't care, don't care about missed call. Bingo blew a 14 point lead. I don't mind them going for two but should have gotten chased. That one a one-on-One opportunity. Yeah. He was one-on-one at the top of the screen Against, against Stevenson. Look, I'm going down with that shit. Yeah. I ain't trying to be, I ain't trying to be no hero and outsmart somebody and go somewhere else. If, if they be, if they knock it down or he drop it or whatever else, I can live with that With live with that.


But I gotta go to my ba, my best player Chase see in that ball and they ain't got too on it or he getting it. He gonna get the ball. It is just really that simple. Kobe Bryant Ocho you preparing for Cancun or The Bahamas for your 10 in one Bengals. Try to be funny. I don't take trips but just, just just for the sake of the argument and what you talking about. I'm going, I'm going to The Bahamas. I wanna go to The Bahamas, kick my feet up and listen to the Junko. Drink me some coconut water. Go to fish fry, enjoy fish fry. Listen to the Junko Valley boys.


I just, I'm, I'm sad but we gonna make the playoffs because that's what you don't know. We gonna make the playoffs Mr. Mcgain. He said Ocho, you look like you about to cry in the car. Just run up the bread and book those Cancun tickets and watch the playoffs with the Bengals on the beach. I Like that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that uncle my side though. Uncle my side. Oh, Alex say one them hug after the nice performance. Oh, Lamar has locked up the mvp. It's not even close. Love the show continues Success And people gotta think it's still a long way to go man. It is A long, it was a long, long way. A long, Long week nine. We got a long season to go.


I remember Patrick Mahomes had the MVP locked up and then played terrible the last two weeks and ended up losing it to Aaron Rogers. He played bad against the, he played bad against the Falcons, he played bad against the Broncos. They won both games. But Aaron Rogers threw four touchdowns one game, three in the other. And the next thing you know, Aaron Rogers back goes and win the champion wins the other Super Bowl. But right now he's in, he's definitely in Theri in the pole position. Excellent Tiki te knowledge. Chase wasted pressure, a precious second trolling. Haha. Block him. Ravens wear your chain now. Chase snatch chain and be more. You saw that big chain your hand Who Chase on the sideline.


You didn't see it? Nah, I missed it. I missed It. I think that's one. I think that's one Jacob did for it. Jacob, not Jacob. What's the guy name in in la? No, Jason Beverly Hill. Jason Lou Beverly Hill. That's who, who did that? Who had the chain on Chase on the sideline when he got that touchdown and then put that big chain on him? Nah, I ain't see that. I ain't see that. Yeah, take a look at it. It's huge, huge. The the Raven nine says sup up Ocho big trust MV three incoming week after week.


The Ravens defense gets absolutely flawed. I know Zach or is in his first year as dc, but when do we get to look at him as the problem? I don't think it's him. The problem if I call the defense and the guys are supposed to be where they're supposed to be and they're not. How is that my fault? Yeah, The guy called Quarters coverage, the safety has middle coverage, which is deep. He bites a shallow, he bites a, A, A, A A. What we call a basic cross. For what? That's not even your blade. It's


quarters. Are you ready to have your your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that in a perspective. You Could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game and into a memorable celebration hypnotic where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave, check out the Remington Balder Pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaving head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides. It's 100% waterproof so you can use it with foam in the shower or dry and is super easy to clean because the cut hair collects in the chamber underneath the shaver heads. The Balder Pro is backed by a five year limited warranty for guaranteed durability and the Lithium rechargeable battery delivers up to 50 minutes of cordless runtime from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today. That's balder pro.com for 15% off based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service US sales 12 months ending April, 2024.


Hey it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that Brazel. This'll never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's ventures, fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pos. Where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics. The 2:00 AM can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and follow what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Jeff said love Chad to death. But Bengals play call us cloud. Listen, I like, I like going for on two, I mean going for two. I like it. You still Like Having that goddamn You like you, you like you, you, you like I Like the play call. You like the play but not the play call. You like going for it. Yeah, I like going for it but in that situation you bring that motion, you bring that motion across and it's one-on-one man to man on Chase. I'm going to chase 10 times outta 10 every time I'm not, I'm not trying to wait for a quarterback running the, what you call that where you go in and come out a zoro?


Yeah, you talking the tight end. You got the Zorro route, they got the whip route Zoro Rock. Yeah man Whip route whatever to the tight end. Come on man Bro, come on now. Yeah if that's Kelsey, yeah that's drunk. Yeah that's me. Right, right. Not that guy. No hell no. I'm going especially I'm gonna feed the hot man. It's just like the, it's oh I got 50 points and you gonna let somebody else take the last shot for us to win the game. Hell no. It makes no sense. Yeah to do wide over for a layup because you remember Mike 55 point performance in the Madison Square guard. He ended up passing the ball at Wil Perdue dunked it home Home.


But situation like that but nor no chase. I throw that damn ball to Chase and either I, either either I'm either, he gonna ride off on my shoulders and I'm say hey bro, hella a a great effort but ain't anybody that's getting that ball ta it attack. Oh no, T tick attack tack tick attack fire. Zack Taylor, I'm done with this clown. I don't think Zack Taylor's the issue. I think you know your defense is pretty bad right now. Yeah. Captain said Joe needs to be perfect and Lamar needs to be damn near perfect. Both defense leaves both defenses leaves a leaves a lot to be desired don't you?


Yeah, that is true. A lot. A lot. Isaiah, Lancaster, unc why is Joe, Joe Burrow media protected? I respect you being consistent when it comes to criticism. If another league quarterback was four and six, they would kill, get him killed the media, give birth Surpass because of his stats. They do In the past. What the hell else she wanted to do? Not go those three possessions where they don't get no score. Now fumble wasn't his fault though. Somebody joking the ain't get no motherfucking pass.


He's doing everything he could possibly do as the goddamn quarterback. Shit. Damn we had that game shit. Aaron Ory said Mike Brown should have paid Chase when he had the chance he about to break the bank. He going for 1,615 plus touchdown. Yeah, you could pay me now or pay me more later. Your is yours. You have to run me my money. Yeah, either way. Now you wanted to stick to your, your traditional values and the way you've always done things. You know the old school way now Jacob said bigger sleeper, bigger Super Bowl sleepers, Steelers or commanders.


I would go with the commanders because they got a rookie quarterback. I was just getting ready to say that Commanders as well Road to the Super Bowl is going through A F, C or NFC. Well it all depends. It go, it's gonna go the road to the Super Bowl. Go go through both. Both, yeah, Because you have an A, F, C and NFC representative. Oh he said okay, the role isn't gonna be harder going through the A FC or the NFC. NFCI Think a FC Nzo. You think? You think Baltimore, Kansas City Buffalo versus who you got who you, who you like at NC?


The Lions Detroit. Detroit which is the Lions. Yeah. Green Bay. The thing about ocho, you got the Steelers, you got the Ravens. Yeah, you got Buffalo, you got Kansas City. Right. Okay, let's just take the top four. Okay. Detroit is one. Philly. Philly, Atlanta. Atlanta. Hey, you know who's, you know who's scary right now? Oh, I ain't even, I ain't mention Minnesota. Come on now, Man.


Yeah, but see here's the thing. Yeah, you got Mahomes Super Bowl guy, MVP Lamar multiple Super Bowl MVP Could be a Super Bowl, could be another MVP this year Russ has won a Super Bowl, right. Josh Allen is MVP considerations every year. It's tough but IIII think I, I think I'm, I'm, I'm think I'm gonna lean towards the A FC because the 49 ERs were not what they were injuries, you know, CMAC just coming back. No, IU defense is not what it once was. Ocho there's a little slippage there. I love Detroit. Detroit for me is head and shoulders above everybody else in the NFC.


So for me, I I I think the a FCI think going through the a FC will be a little harder right now. We, hey, but we'll see Ocho we'll see how it plays out. Ocho Aaron says more faith than Russell Wilson and Jayden Daniels. That's a good one. What if you got figure, I mean, Ooh, that's a good one. I mean Jay a great one actually likes out. Right, that's a good one. Jayden Daniels playing. Lifes out. I think Jayden Daniels has to be better because I don't believe the Washington defense is as good as the Steeler.


They do have lamore though, so I'm, I'm that's gonna be interesting. Latimore versus Pickens. True playing. Slipped a little bit. I don't know if he wanted to be in New Orleans anymore. Maybe the change of scenery would do him. Good. ocho? Oh definitely. I more faith. I mean, Russ has been at this a long time and we just have such a small sample size on Jade Daniels. I mean he's, he's playing so well. He almost makes you forget that he's a, a rookie and Russ has looked good in what the two, three games that he's been back.


I think I go Russ, it just, it's just hard for me to have that, that that kind of confidence. Ocho and, and a rookie as we go as as we go deeper and deeper. I mean, only one rookie has gotten to the end the, the championship game. And that's Big Ben. Yeah. Back in what? Oh four. Yoni said El Ocho. Could y'all give a shout out to my boy Adam? We've been listening since y'all started. Love you guys. Adam, what's up man? Yoni, appreciate the support man. Appreciate you guys tuning in weekend and week out. Listening, watching. Thank you everybody, all you guys that have supported Nightcap from day one, the Uncle Ocho show.


So we appreciate that. So Yoni, appreciate you Adam. Thank you man. Appreciate the support. Michael, what's up Uncle Ocho? I completely tore my achilles over the weekend. I was wondering had you guys had that injury or had any tips? Nope. Never had it. But I heard it's a very tough injury. It's one of the, it's probably the toughest injury to get over because you stay in a calf. Yeah, you stay in, you gotta be non-Weightbearing for what? 69 months. The calf is gonna atrophy so bad the lower and so you yeah, it it's a rough in injury from what I've been told and guys that I've known have had the injury and tried to overcome it. And you gotta be very, very careful because, you know, it's a, it is a easy, it's an injury That's easy to, to reach here.


You know what I'm saying? Ocho it's so, man, I speedy recovery bro. Speedy recovery. Can IM said love, love unc and ocho. Can y'all please wish my buddy Taro happy birthday turns 31. We both love Nightcap and our regulars love from UK and Canada. Alright, Koran, taro, appreciate the support man. Hello. We appreciate you guys tuning in from UK and Canada. Much support. Thank you so much. We support you here in the states. UNC and Ocho Nightcap. We love you guys as well man. Thank y'all for the support. Thomas said, how soon is too soon to move on from someone that you've been dating? They have been dating for a year.


It all depends. I mean, what the hell is going on? If you're not happy, there's never another, if is never too soon to move on. If you're not happy. I I I mean you need to give us, you need to give us a little, a little bit more. Y'all been dating a year. What has led you to be, to believe, to be contemplating moving on? The mere fact that you're thinking about it, saying something a year, something is going on that that's causing you to contemplate that considering you probably have never contemplated that before A year. That's, you still in the damn honeymoon phase. Shit Ju yo Uncle Ocho.


What's the widest locker room moment you guys have experienced playing in the league? Your your choice to name the guys or not? There been plenty of fights. We ain't gonna name no names, but hey guys, don't play. Hey man, look here. You got, you got the macho or the macho. There's a lot of testosterone in the locker room. Ain't nobody backing down from ish grown ass men. Ain't no pun, ain't no a no no, no. That, that don't play, that don't fly. Yeah, you might take a l but you gave it, you gave it respect and just make it so like, hey, I ain't fing with him no more. I got the best of him, but I don't want that no more. Yeah.


Ah, Hold on, hold on. This got team won this got team loss. We got a slogan. It's all good. They don't, You do. It's called who they No. Your new slogan is win day. When Day Going win a game. Win day when Day When they going to win a game. Thank you guys for watching another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite hook, Shannon Sharp, he's your favorite. 85 Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from and make sure you hit that subscribe and like buttons. Check out SHA by La Porter. We have it in stock. Holidays are right around the corner. Thanksgiving, Christmas, new Year's. Make sure you go order it. If you don't, can't find it at a state or sitting near you so you can have it for the holidays and have a very joyous holiday. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms at Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest it releases dropped last week. We dropped. I was held when I was well. Shirts, I'll live for you before I lie to you.


Black Nightcap hoodies and by popular man, stay with me now. Hoodies. And of course our bestsellers are UN and ocho ts. We got a lot of requests they wanted to un and ocho ts in black and we listened and delivered, so we drop those over the weekend. Quantities are limited. Make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The Ravens come from behind down 14 and beat the Cincinnati Bengals as the Bengals go for two failed to convert and the Ravens win 35 to 34. Joe Burrow had a sensational night, 428 yards, three passing touchdowns. But Lamar Jackson was equally sensational, although he did not have the yardage. He threw for four touchdowns, no turnover, and they win the ball game and sweep the Bengals within the Division two.


Oh, because they won the first game in overtime. 41 38 wins this game, 35 34 pushed the Bengals on the cusp. The Bengals really need to go on a hot streak. Jamar Chase did everything he possibly could. 264 yards, three touchdowns on 11 catches. Lamar also had four touchdowns, so the Ravens are 73. The Bengals fall to four and six. I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you. Hey. Yeah, we'll see you on Saturday. Thank you for joining us. The.


Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy


Kroger brand products. Have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds, and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds lux over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones. Look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart, best Buy and More. Or visit jlab.com.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave? Check out the Remington Balder Pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaven head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head Shaver features a Power Flex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour. To ensure maximum skin contact on all sides from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to bald pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales, 12 months ending April, 2024.