
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Pros trust The Home Depot for heavy duty storage solutions for any job site or garage. Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage and organization impact and water resistant totes and shelving built to hold up to 2,500 pounds. Storage systems have space for all your tools and protect them in the garage, on the job site, and everywhere in between. Save time and maximize efficiency. With adjustable shelving customized to your business needs. Shop and save on pro grade storage at The Home Depot. How? Pros, get more done.


The Volume


NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sports Book. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that have invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


What did we expect with Buffalo and KC ocho? We got the game that we wanted. Yes sir. The first game we're gonna talk about that it wasn't much of a game. The turnovers, we talked about it OCHO but B, it's something about when Buffalo and Kansas City get together. Yes sir. In the post season, it always comes down to one play, one possession. And the master of the one possession is Patrick Mahomes one. If you give him a shot. Yeah, he's gonna do something spectacular. It's all he do. Thank you guys. Welcome to the Boost. Welcome to the Nightcap Boost Mobile. Visit Boo, the nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their 5G Nationwide network today.


Thank you again. Boost Mobile ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. That way you can catch your favorite on Shannon Sharp and the Liberty City legend. Your favorite nephew, Bingo's Ring of Fame honoree. The Pro Bowler. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, please go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Tell a family, friend and loved one to do likewise. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Kansas City, Philly. Y'all celebrate what Better way to celebrate than with a ball of shade by La Porter. If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door and you'll have it before Super Bowl Sunday.


So if the big game you can even celebrate. But one more thing please. Drake responsibly. Yeah. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We did this. Everything, everything has been restocked and everything is 25% off for the next 48 hours. Hell, we ain't make no Super Bowl. Hell no. Because we love you guys. Use Code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We also drop new beanies in every single colorway and we've introduced gift cards available in 25 to $500.


Take the guesswork out of it. Let someone special or pick exactly what they want. OCHO Chiefs fan. Eagles fans. Any fans, guess what? Now we know who's going to the Super Bowl. Oh yeah. Okay. Chiefs. Really. Let's go get these tickets. Nightcap Podcast tour. We on deck, brother. Yeah, we on deck tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour stop and it stops in New Orleans, February the sixth at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Unfortunately, the meet and greet tickets are all sold out, but they are tickets for the for the, for the show. And there are plenty of tickets left. So Philly, Kansas City.


All right, let's do this. We've got big guests lined up. We can't wait to see you guys in New Orleans. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated outstanding podcast, art, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated Outstanding podcast, society and Culture. Please go vote for your favorite uncle and nephew. Me ocho. The link is pending. Our social bios. Ocho. We got a bond burner. Hey, chiefs beat the bills. 32 29 Mahomes is now 4.0 against Josh Elliot in the playoffs. The chiefs are on the cusp of a three piece something that no one thought was possible. And with this victory, Patrick Mahomes now has 17 postseason wins.


Yeah, he breaks the tie with Joe Montana for the second most wins in all at all time. He's only trailing one. Tom Brady, who has 35 career playoff wins since Patrick Mahomes has become the starter. He came the starter his second year. Ocho Yeah. A FC Championship game. They lost in overtime. Won the Super Bowl, lost the Super Bowl, lost in the A FC Championship game, won the Super Bowl, won the Super Bowl back in the Super Bowl again. Has there ever been a better start to a career in the history of the game? The only thing I can think is comparable. The only thing I can think is comparable is Magic Johnson.


Oh, that's the only thing. Ocho. That's the only thing I me. Now look, I go back so I'm a little older. I'm a little older than you Ocho, but magic as a rookie, as a true rookie. Yeah. Won the title and was finals. MVP. Yes sir. Then go back the next year they won it again. He was finals. MVP. They went back again. They got swept. They went back again in 84. They lost. Yeah. No, they lost to the rockets in 84. They went back again. They won in 85. They lost in 86. They won in 87, 88. So the only thing I could think that could rival this off the top of my head, and you know, as you threw this up here, the thing of Trivial and Chad, y'all feel free to Chime in if the better start to a career, magic is right there with him.


Right? Because Magic has what, three finals? MVPs to rec. He has three MVPs. But it would have to see, go back to there. But Ocho Patrick Maol is sensational. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't know what else to say. I don't even, I don't, I don't. I dunno what else to say about him. Unc, you say it all the time. Everybody says all the time when it comes to playing special in moments, when the game is on the line, when you absolutely need it. If there's somebody who want to put the ball in their hands at a crucial time in the game, who else are you picking at the quarterback position out of everybody that's ever played? No, outside of Tom Brady. You gotta go because I, I'm going my homes. I'm going with my home.


Ava, I'm going home. Even with Brady, if I take him, if I take him at this point in time in their careers, I'm taking my home because of one thing. His legs. Yeah. Yeah. You see the, you see the two touchdown runs? Yes. You see the first down run. That's why I would take him because he can do everything Brady. He can make every throw, he can make plays outside the pocket. And that's not the Look we know what Tom is. Right? I still believe Tom is the goat. Yeah. Right now Ma Mahomes just passed. 'cause I had him tied with with Joe. Yeah. Right. Now I got him in second. Whoa. Whoa. I got a question now. Go ahead. Now we have to have a conversation chat. Y'all got to y'all about to stay with me real quick. Now we got to have a conversation. When we talk about the goat, when we talk about the greatest quarterback of all time.


If Mahomes is able to go to New Orleans, you hear me? If he's able to go Yes. Fall into that Superdome and perhaps pull off a three P, we gotta have a conversation. We gonna have a conversation Ocho, but I don't think we can put him in front because he's still, even with if he were to win, he's still three behind. Okay. Now let's just say for the sake of argument, my bad, he goes back to the four peak. It's done. We ain't talking no more. Right? Ain't nothing else to discuss. If Patrick Mahome, let's get to get past this, that you gonna have that discussion because nobody else has ever done it right? Nobody's ever done a threepeat in the Super Bowl era. Has there been teams that win championships? Okay. Yes. But we're talking about the Super Bowl and when Hol Mahomes, because here's the thing, Ocho.


Yes sir. On third, on third and fourth, most teams are gonna run the ball burn 34 seconds off 35 o'clock, 36 seconds off the clock. Yeah. That's not what Andy will do. We've seen Andy far too many times. Yeah. Put that ball in his hands. He said, son, I believe in you last year against the Baltimore Ravens. What did he do? He threw the ball to MBS 30 yards down the field. Yep. Andy is not going to sit on it. Ocho I'm gonna turn it back over to you to this. Yes sir. I had a conversation with you last week. Talk to me. I said, Ocho, when spas feel threatened, what's he gonna do? He gonna blow it up. He did. How coming When he felt threatened with Josh on fourth down and he felt threatened. What he did, he coming, Hold on. Listen. The thing about it, listen, the thing about it, spas waited until the right time for an exotic bl They hadn't seen all game.


Yep. All game spas sat on that. Like, think about that. When you talk about playing chess and you talking about playing checkers, you ain't glitz like that to that magnitude the entire of the game. But you wait on the right moment to use that one exotic blitz and it got home. Come here. He gonna blow it up. Anytime he feel, if you go back and study fags, especially when he is been with Kansas City, that's all. When you threaten him, you get in his territory and he feels the momentum. He's gonna come, he's gonna give you zero coverage, what we call bomb blitz. Yes sir. He's looking to blow it up. And that's exactly what he did. Yeah. Can Kane, I think he kinda lost it in the life. He misjudged it Now.


This is the, Now Josh still, excuse me. Excuse me. Jack. Josh still made a hell of a throw. Yeah. To throw it off his back foot. Give Carl Loftus credit because he didn't drive him into the ground. Right. He was close. He hit him. Let him go. Let him go. I ain't gonna get, I ain't gonna get no foul in this place. Ocho, You know, you know, you know kin k catch that ball. You know that. It's, it's, we, we talk about, we talk about something. Talk totally different now. Right. We Prob because we now they might get a touchdown, but I'm not banking against because you messing around to get a touchdown and you leave 35, 40 seconds on the clock and they got two timeouts. I ain't betting against my homeboy. Yeah. Yeah. A absolutely. Listen, you've seen him do it before we I ain't bet against we started getting the field goal range with 13 seconds. Yeah.


Josh is probably thinking, what the hell do I gotta do? Yeah. To beat this man. Yeah. What happened? What was that last year? What happened last year? Is that somebody beat him and Oh, Kansas City with the buffalo and beat him. He like, damn, I just can't beat this man in the postseason I wanted home field. I got it not home field. He come to my house, kick my ass, I go to his house, he kick my ass, kick my ass. So can I go, I need to go to another conference and, and play on the Super Bowl and then maybe I just get to the Super Bowl like that and I see him in the Super Bowl. Listen, because he keep beating my tail before I get to the big dance. Listen, We are go, we are in for a treat. We are in for a treat. If you, if if you have, if you have A-A-A-F-C team, if you are a Bengals fan, a rapists fan, a Bills fan, or a Chiefs fan, and I'm trying to think what other teams might be in contention.


We going, this is gonna be for the next decade, huh? It's going Yeah. Enjoy to watch for the next decade. Those four quarterbacks go at it and see who ends up in the A FFC championship. And, but they got, they got to knock the, they gotta knock the big man down. They gotta knock him down. You Got, you gotta knock down the McDon, You gotta knock him down. And they've done a great job. He's taken less money. Ocho, he is supposed to be the first six. He's supposed to have got $60 million five years ago. Oh yeah. He say, nah, I'm good with this. He's supposed to have got 60, $70 million now. He said, nah, I'm good with this. He said, because I need cj. Yeah. I need y'all to have some money because McDuffy iss gonna come up and I'm gonna need y'all to pay him. But I'm also need y'all, if some of these wide, these free agents, wide receivers become available and we can get 'em on the low.


I need, I'm gonna need you to get them. You see, he's all, he's like, at the end of the day, he's gonna make way, he's gonna have enough money. And Tom realized that. I'm like, bro, see when you got that kind of money ocho, you get what they call acquisition. Right. So, Hey bro, I got this big deal coming out for you. Hey, check this out. Don't nobody know about it for two 50. I'll let you get in, I'll give you a percentage. Right. I just read today that Jeff Bezos bought $250,000 worth of Google stock before it came available. Mm. Now that's about 3 million shares. Yeah. Go Google Google and see how many 3 million shares is when you got that kind of money. You didn't knew that when people like, well damn how guys got that kinda money.


Next thing you know, they was making 50 million, had a hundred million and now they had 500. They had a billion. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't telling you what somebody told you told me, Joe. I know. I, and you know, you gotta think about it too. Also, people in the chat, you have to understand everybody's not as fortunate, everybody. No. In the situations like that, most of the time, most quarterbacks when in the situation, you don't have the revenue or the stream of revenue and income off the field. No. So Tom Brady, Tom Brady was different. Tom Brady can take a home team discount, you know, And he had a wife. He Got a wife that's making 40, 40, 30 $8 million a year. So it's different. It, it offsets what you not getting from the team it.


Correct. Then you think about, you think about passing Mahomes sponsors endorsements coming off the field. So the pay cut that you're taking Allstate Yeah. To allow Andy Reed and the Hunts to build a team around you so that you can compete and be in contention year in and year out. You making up for it anyway. Yeah. And, and, and the Hunts have already said, don't worry about it. You're never gonna have to worry about anything ever. Because guess what, after next year they going tear it, tear it up again. And you know what? You don't know what they gonna do. They gonna give you more upfront, More upfront. That's what he paid More upfront. So it doesn't, so it doesn't hurt the cat and you gonna be all right. They, they, And you see him, the MLS team, he invested in that. I think he got a piece of the royals invested in that.


Yeah. So when you have money, Ocho, if you have money and you a good person, you are not a jerk. People will want, Hey, check this out. Hey, take, Hey, we getting ready to getting ready to start a MLS team or we getting ready to buy this MLS team? Yeah. We love for you to go in with us. We just want your name gonna cost your ex. Oh really? Call your financial people. See if it's real on the up and up. Yeah. Boom. There you go. That's how it happens. But I, I thought Josh played really well. He did. And until I told you I don't, don't need him to be Superman. The one thing he didn't do. See, I thought the game was about to get outta hand until Patrick Mahomes former that ball and gave Buffalo life. Yeah. I thought that game was about to get outta hand. Ocho. Yes sir. Yes sir.


I thought it was about to get out. I said, oh Lord have mercy. And then Buffalo give Buffalo credit. They made, 'cause they came out in the second half Ocho, and I don't know if you agree with me or not. It seemed like they made a concerted effort to run the football. Yeah. James Cook, Josh Allen. I forget the, hold on, let me look at Davis. Davis. Davis. Yeah. Johnson. I thought they'd say, you know what, let's run the football. Oh yeah. They're playing this soft coverage. They try to kind of try to play us with nickel. A 4, 2, 5, let's run the football. Yeah. And they started running the football and Cook started having some success. Yes. Johnson had a had a, a run or two. But Kansas City, I, I, I mean, I really don't know what you have to, what you say about Mahomes because every play that he made that he had to make, he found Juju about to get.


He, he slings it to Juju and Juju breaks away. Yeah. Jeff Buffalo credit kept him outta the end zone on that one. But guys, I don't listen, let's go in, let's go the elephant in the room. Okay, Come on. Talk to me on that fourth down call. Everybody said, well, he got it guys. I'm trying to figure out, and I was, I was asking myself, how does the guy on the far side of the field with all those bodies right, says as he's got it when the guy right here closest to him said No, No. Yeah, Yeah. Here's the thing. O Joe, he has the ball like this. Yeah. He is Back. The ball is not over the line. Mine. Yeah. It's because Your your shoulder is, it's where the ball is. Yeah. But the, the ball didn't break The plane.


Yeah. At all. He did. He didn't break the plane. And what, and the, the, the smart thing you, you want to do. Most people say why you don't extend the ball, man. You extend the ball in them trenches like that. It's coming. You see former one of them you see former, the, he got, he got it back. He, when he jumped over the pile, it can't go back to him. Now you got lucky there. That's not it. Because here's the difference, Ocho and the gold line, once you break the plane, it's dead. It's dead in the field of play. It's alive. It's still alive. You go over and they punch that ball out. Yeah. And they get it. That's their ball. Yeah. Because, so there's a big difference between the two, between the gold line. Right. And the line that's in the line of play. That's in field. The line of scrimmage. Yep. But I didn't think he got it. And when they, and when I looked at it in real time, I said he didn't get it.


Yeah. He didn't. But we obviously he didn't, people people were arguing the call talk about his Yeah, because it's the, where the ball is. It's, it's where Yes, if you have the ball tucking to your chest and you not pass a line, if anything, you would have to extend it for you to get the first down. Yes. You can't, you can't do that in that scenario, in the trenches like that, in that strum. You just can't. He didn't, he didn't want to. He, the thing is Ocho, he didn't wanna fumble it. No, no, no, no. So he had the ball, he held it tight. 'cause he know guys go. And so in the process of holding it tight now I got, they got you wrapped up. So now you can extend it Ocho. 'cause I got my arms around you and I won't let you do this. Right. And what you wanna rely on, you wanna, you wanna, you wanna rely on your teammates and your offensive players to kind of push you forward.


Yes. Obviously the momentum was stopped and the Chiefs, they got it stopped. Yeah. Yeah. They, they weren't having it. And that was, but that was a good game though, man. That was a good game. Worthy, worthy showed he got better and better as the year progressed. Yeah. Filling in for Rasheed Rice. Hollywood Brown was gone. Hollywood came back, had a couple of big catches today. Juju came in, had two catches. He only had three targets. He had another one. Mahomes overshot him in the middle of the field and he jumped, he overshot him. Mahomes overthrew him. It's good. But Hollywood had a big catch. Kelsey was very relatively quiet. They did a great job. I wanted, they probably, they probably didn't think I thought Hamlin held. I mean, looking at the all 22 at the high above.


Right. I thought Hamlin held him several times. They didn't call It. Yeah. I mean he what they, what the rest did allow 'em, do they allowed him to play football? They did. They allowed him to play a little bit today. You muted Ocho. Yeah, you muted while OCHO was muted. Boy, this was a good game, I think. Look, I understand that Buffalo, if you're you, you're a Buffalo fan and you didn't win, I could understand your disappointment. Hello? Hello. But you can't Yep. You're back. Ocho go ahead. Go. I, yeah, I, I did. I I was switching. I I wanted to, I wanted to switch to the mic so I could use the mic because I'm ahead.


Tagging, hitting the damn echo. No, I was saying if, well, as far as the holding calls are gone now, what I did like about the rest, the rest allowed of 'em to play football, we gonna allow you to play football. Now. The holding calls or, or the, the, the pass interference calls. Now they did call, if it was egregious and you were impeding the player from getting to a spot and they Shoulda, You, you, you, you gotta call some of those. Yeah. You got to you should have. Yeah. The one on McDuffy. Yeah. It was a, it was a, a Pi. Yeah. But that you can't ma Josh Allen couldn't throw that ball any better. No, no, no. Duffey couldn't have any better cover the Touchdown. The one that Mac Hollins. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was nice. That was nice. Coach Holly stuck his hand up because what basically what you call him had his other arm.


Arm. Yeah. He stuck it up. The ball said That was perfect. That was good. That was a good catch. That was a very good Catch. A great catch. What to have 147 rush yards average. Basically almost four and a half yards of carry. The one thing about Kansas City Yes, sir. Sir. See Kansas City OI thought they let the game get kind of, almost get away from him. They, they started running it on first down. Well, what happens when you don't run on, when you run on first down and you don't get positive yards. Yeah. Now it's second and long. Yeah. Now you or second. And, and they got a couple, they got trapped behind the line a couple times. So now it's, it's second and long now Buffalo dials the blis up on you.


Yep. Now they trap you. Now it's third and long. Right. They get a p you get a procedure penalty. Now it's even third and longer. Yeah. If you see what happened, they went back. They said, Uhuh man, let's go back. Throw, throw it it on first down. Yeah. Because if you think about Ocho, they open the game. They throwing it the first, the first blue they got this, the new formation. You know, Andy, Andy come in, cos come out in a couple of plays. Yeah. That you haven't seen it before. You Never seen before. But man, this was an unbelievable game. Yeah. I, I expected it to be what I got. I expected Buffalo to play tough. I expected Kansas City to win a very, very close game. Yeah. Because it come down to turnovers now. They got one. Yeah.


And they turned it into points. Josh fumbled the ball, but he was able to jump back on it. Jump Back on it. But, you know. Yeah. I, I feel, I feel, you know, I don't wanna say feel bad. I, I don't wanna say feel sad, but for Buffalo fans, for Buffalo fans, if you, if you're a Bills fan, like you just, you have to be happy in a sense. Obviously you do, you weren't able to make it to the Super Bowl, but every year you gonna have a chance. And if you keep chopping wood, at some point, at some point you gotta beat the man and you're probably going to beat the man. This just hasn't been your year. You continue to get close, closer and closer and closer. And at some point it's gonna happen. I don't know when, with the way, with the way the Chiefs are playing with the way Mahomes is playing.


I don't know when that will happen. And Andy ain't going nowhere. No. Andy's been Andy's rejuvenate. Andy is invigorated because they keep Andy Young. Right. I I know Andy was, Andy was in, in, in Green Bay with my brother. And so I, I know Ray and my brother, thanks the world of him. He used to go to the, the Pro Bowl and his wife would come to the bar and sit down and have a drink with us and laugh and talk. They're great people. But this situation right here, at some point in time we're gonna start mentioning Andy as a top three, four, all time coach of ALL TIME. All Time. Yeah. All time. Mm. All time. Yeah. You look at what he did in Philly. Yeah. You look at what he did.


Now there's a chance in the next two years and it can have 300 regular season wins. Ooh. Mm. Yes. Three tops. And, and and, and how old is Andy? 66. I think it's 66. 67. 66.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Did you know that there's a victim of identity theft every three seconds? It's Identity Theft Awareness week, which means it's the perfect time to protect your identity with LifeLock. Lots of places like doctor's offices and retailers can accidentally expose your personal info, leaving you open to identity threats. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second and alerts you to more uses of your personal information. And if you do become a victim of identity theft, LifeLock has professional restoration specialists with the experience and know-how to fix identity theft issues guaranteed. Or your money back plus plans include the million dollar protection package with up to $3 million in coverage for the most comprehensive plan. Protect yourself this Identity Theft Awareness week and every week of the year with LifeLock. Save up to 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/iheart. That's lifelock.com/iheart to save up to 40% terms. Apply LifeLock for the threats you can't control.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hold on. If P carer take his ass old ass out. This At 70 phone. Yeah. Yeah. You right. You right, you right. Andy, guess what Ocho, he got mahome for another decade. Yeah. At Men. At Men. If he wanted right now, I'm not saying he's gonna be, he's gonna coach Mahome for the next decade, but I'm saying he got him. Yeah. If he want it. So what's the likelihood of Mahomes not winning at least 10 games? They got 17 games. I don't see a scenario where Mahome dips under 10. Nah, I can see he's gonna win somewhere between 11 and 14 games a year for the foreseeable future. Now this thing about this notion, and see this is why you gotta capture the moment you believe Josh, you believe Lamar gonna keep knocking on that door and he gonna get there.


Oh yeah. So if he gets there, that means guess what Josh? And not right. You say Joe Burrow. Yeah. You mean he go, that means Lamar and Josh is not gonna get there. Right. So at some point in time you can only have one. And you got Mahomes, you got Lamar, you got Joe Burrow. Yeah, you got Josh Allen. Now those are your four big guns. Those are the four horsemen of the A FC. Yes sir. Now you got some guys that's on, on on the, the peripheral. You got a Justin Herbert, I believe they'll be better. John Har j Jim Harbaugh in his first year. Yeah. Got them to the playoffs. He's right there. Bo Nicks is right there. So you got so, but you got the four ho you got the four Kings, the four horsemen in the A LC Mahome boy, Lamar Burrow and Josh Allen.


Right. And you, they're, and inherit the thing that you got Ocho at some point in time, you not gonna be able to dodge 'em all. You are gonna have to knock one of them off in order to get to where you want to go. You're not gonna be lucky and have somebody else. Well man, somebody knocked out Mahomes and then somebody knocked that Burl and then somebody knocked out Allen and then somebody knocked out this one and somebody knocked and you got smooth say Uhuh. Right. Uhuh, you are gonna have to see one of those four horsemen for the next decade. If you want to go get, if you want to get to where you want to go, yeah. You're gonna have to be one of them. Mocho.


You know, it is gonna be exciting. It's gonna be an exciting next 10 years. You know, I obviously, I I I'm, I'm looking forward to my bangles getting there again. I'm looking forward to Joe Burrow. Now if we, we do what we need to do in fixing that defense, You definitely, you know what you need to do And we most definitely, Hey, can you hear me okay? Yeah. You sure? Huh? Okay. Okay. I'm good now. Okay. Okay. No, I'm just doing regular. I'm just doing regular season wind. Yes. He has 301 when you combine the postseason. Right. But I'm just talking regular season wind. He's at 2 73 I think Coach, coach Shula has the most regular season wins at what?


3 28 Mm. Then Coach Belichick. Oh Coach y'all chow. It's three 30, right? 3 23 3 18. 3 0 2. Oh yeah. Coach Belichick better hear him to come back. Andy gonna be passing it. It could be a situation next year. Andy could be at what, 2 85 next three years. Within the next three years though, Joe, he's going over 300. Yeah. Most def, most Definitely. He's going over 300. Most definitely. Most definitely. Where, where's, where's Belichick at? He's number three at 3 0 2, right? Mm. 3 0 2.


That's dope. Now an Andy's like, you know what? Hey, he talked to the wife and she's like, Hey Andy, you have in front Fun is keeping you young. Stay he messing around and stay as long as Belichick had braided. Right? Well, we got, we we gonna have a con. We gonna have a, we gonna have, have we gonna have to have a conversation? Hey, he must rather have 400 wins. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Have 400 wins. It'll never be broken. Absolutely. But you know what, also with that, you need so many things to go right. Go Health. Health. Yes. On the on field, on Field Health, Mahomes staying healthy. Yep. The pieces to that puzzle, you know there's gonna always change no matter what.


It's gonna always change. But golly boy, that 15, that 15 make everything go boy. Jesus Christ it make it He's special. Another chap or Joe, another Champion Bulls playoff, heartbreak history wide, right against the Giants Super Bowl 25 blowout losses in three Super Bowls. The 2022 overtime thriller in Kansas City. Buffalo led with 13 seconds to get in field goal range, kick the field goal. And then Mahomes takes him down the field and they don't look back. They never let him Buffalo touch the ball. He hits Travis Kel walk off touchdown wide. Right. 2.0 the same team last year in the playoffs, Ocho in their building. And then you have Dalton Kincaid dropping Kansas City a brutal run of events.


Yeah. They're like, bro, what's hanging over us? Right. This Yeah, I, you know what you're Going, you're just going, look, you're just going against that guy. It's how many people said the same thing about Brady? But if you go back and study Brady for the most part Yep. He got tripped up by guys now he lost the Peyton. Now Peyton is not a guy. Peyton beat him three times in the a FC Championship. Right. Beat him once in Andy, beat him twice in, in Denver. But if you go back and look at Nick foes, Joe Flacco, Eli Yeah. And Tanya Hill. Who the ever thought, Jake, who the ever thought, yeah, those guys will be the, the guy.


It it. So it's like, think about it, you thinking like who beat Mahomes, Tom Brady? Who else got him in the playoffs? Joe Burrow. Joe Burrow. Yeah. So it's gonna be, it's gonna, it's man, I was, I was watching this game and it's just, you know what I'm saying? Don't Yo, you watch a game and you, when a game lives up to what you expect to Be, be, yeah. Well actually, not only did it live up to, we expected, it exceeded my expectations as well. Yep. It, it exceeded that because it, it, it went down to the wire. It, it went down to the wire there, it went down to the wire. It, But all the games do though, Joe For some reason. Do you notice that? Yes. Do you Notice every last one of their games and in one possession games.


I don't want none of Mahomes because they won like 18, 19 straight one possession games. Hey, You get him in a one possession game and now he has the ball and he needs a field goal to beat you. Or he needs a touchdown to beat you more times than not. Or he needs a sit, he needs to stay on the field So you don't get the ball back. You see what he did today? It was, he had to lead. He like, I ain't gonna let y'all get the ball back at all. And Baltimore, you know, Hey, you see Lamar give this helmet on last year, he getting ready to go back because they about to make a stand. Uhuh Andy called a play. Andy say, no, I'm not throwing it to no damn flat. Throw the ball down the field. Field. Yeah. How many quarter, how many coach quarterback combinations you think in that situation?


I ain't talking about the regular season. Right. When tomorrow I'm talking about with the finality of the playoffs, The game. How many quarterbacks have you ever seen put the ball up 30 yards down the field? None. But you also, you know what, that's trust. That's trust. The head coach ultimate trusting the quarterback to know if the thrower is not there, don't throw it. But if it is there, I I trust you to be able to make that play and not turn the ball over. And if you go back and look, look at the play that they picked up. Picked. I thought, I thought Pacheco got down a little bit out. I didn't see the replay, but I thought he, he tried to get the first down and try to get down. Right. They said he stepped out. But if you look at what they did, they brought P Ryan in. P Ryan is really the receiver back. Right.


They Crossed him. They shoot him up, break him out in the flat flat. Now whoever got him gotta go over the top. Oh, go. They gotta bubble around. That's all. That's all, that's all they need. All I got. Hey, all you gotta do is make him bubble. If you make him bubble, you've done your job. Game over, Game over. At that point, Mahomes hits him. He gets the first down, stays inbound. At that point in time, once he got the first down, it was over. It didn't matter if he went outta bounds or not. Yeah. But he did a great thing, a job of, of staying in bounds. But when you look at what he was, what Mahomes has been able to do. Now mind you guys, I I don't think people understand this. He didn't start his rookie year. He started one game. Yeah. He started one game. So in seven year, this is his seventh year. This is his seventh year of starting.


This is eighth year, huh? Yes. In seven years of starting a FC championship, one Super Bowl, lost Super Bowl, lost a FC championship, one Super Bowl, one Super Bowl, end of Super Bowl. That's Crazy. He don't know anything else but a C Championships and Super Bowls. That's all he knows. He don't know what it's like to, to lose a wild card or division. That's all he knows. Yeah. And so now it's kinda like Brady, once you get used to playing high stakes poker Yeah. Your nerves and the stomach that you have for those moments is not the same as everybody else. Sometimes you become desensitized. We say that a lot now. Yeah.


Because of what we see happening in America, we become desensitized, sensitized To it. Yeah. You becomes Ocho the biggest advantage you can have over another man. Yes, sir. Is his fear. Mm. That's the biggest advantage you can have. Right. They know when they see one five in a pressurized moment is unlike anything they've ever faced before. And because he's been in that moment so many times, so, so many times, times It's like normal. It's like Brady, It's like Normal. Yeah. Brady had been in that moment. So time at a very young age. Yes sir. You see Brady's first year starting championship, win the Super Bowl.


Next year they don't do anything and then they go back to back. Now He desensitized to that. He's built up a tolerance. And you, and you know what, you know what's funny? I I think a lot of people, I think that also comes from where a lot of people complain about, oh man, they'd be cheating. They'd be cheating for the chiefs, blah, blah, blah. The fact that they win so much, the fact that they're in contention so much. Yes. The fact that Mahomes would be able to do what he's done in such a short amount of time, you know, it's taken away from his greatness in itself when people Yes. Have refs into it. Now I I again sometime at certain opportune times, maybe called do go their way. But the greatness in Mahomes needs to be not only studied, but paid a little bit more attention to, to understand why they are where they are year in and year out.


You ain't got nothing to do with no goddamn refs. Now you, some people might have some gripes, there might be certain situations that might go in their favor, but that goddamn 15 unc man, he's special man. The difference between him, what you gotta do with him and Brady and Joe is that a lot of team have great quarterbacks. Right. And they win a lot of regular season games. But when they get to moments like this, that's what made Joe, Joe cool. That's what made Montana that he's down and he needs to go 92 yards and win. And he does that Right. Jerry Jerry's playing great and then they won 200 Jet X Slam and he hit John Taylor on the backside. Yep. But you gotta get a little break. Louis be has an interception and he drops it.


Maybe when maybe we don't look at Joe in the same Yeah. Joe won four Super Bowls. Right. And he never threw an interception in the Super Bowl. So when you look at it, Ocho it's one thing to have a great quarterback and win a lot of games. Yes sir. It's another thing to have a quarterback who win games. And when they get to moments like this, this is what separates him and Brady and Joe 17, he's only like, hold on. 1, 2, 3. He's only like, he's seven, 13 and 3, 3 17 and three. Yeah. In 20 playoff starts with three Super Bowls. And you know what's funny when you say them numbers, right? We ain't talking about no goddamn video game. We talking about real life.


We talking about the best of the best. We talking about the one percenters, the best of the best. 17 and three. You been to the a FC championship seven years in a row. Oh, there are 32 other teams. This man is about to go to his ocho. Do you realize this man's about to be in his fifth Super Bowl in seven years of starting? Can I, can I tell you something? Can I tell you something? If you played video games, I'm just giving you for context. If you played Madden and let's say you were really good. You were really good and you were competing against some of the best players in the world in the game of Madden, you couldn't replicate what Mahomes is doing.


No. You couldn't replicate it even as one of the best gamers in the world. It might be a horrible analogy, but there's some people in the chat that might understand what I mean. Yes. To how good Mahomes is and what he's doing and how it's unreal. You're not supposed to be able to do what you do. And you know what's funny? People gonna look at this and say, well, the Chiefs are able to do it all the time and think it's normal. That ain't easy. They think it's normal. They think it's supposed to happen like this. Shh. No bad. Please. You know what, when you play this game, as long as you and I have Yeah. And I've had a little success, You, You, you realize like, damn.


Yeah, I was fed to cheating compared to them. Bro, I know you happy Mahomes. What? Oh, I Have my dog. Tight ass. Come on Without Twin Bro. I shut you in the room. How did you get out of the room? That's what I wanna know. Without Twin, Who you rooting for. You wanna be the Cleveland Brown's mascot? They don't win, but they throw plenty of dog bones. Say, I don't want no dog bones. I eat farmer's dog. I eat nutritious food. They got peas, they got chicken, beef. Yes. Turkey.


Man, this joke here, man. OII mean guys, I mean down, down Chad, I don't know. I don't really, I don't think you guys really, really understand what you're witnessing. Think about that. I want you to think, I want you to think about it. If Grad Brady was, think about Brady. Brady his first. 'cause when Brady won his first three, there was a decade plus before he ever went back. Yeah. He's won three and he's already back.


It's Crazy. Do do y'all un do y'all understand guys, get an appreciation. Don't be talking to and look, because what you do, if you keep talking about refs, you will undervalue and you won't be appreciative of what you're witnessing. Yeah. From him. You watch football for years, right? You, I wa I played with Joe and Dan and John and, and and Manning and Brady and all the greats. A lot of the greats that made that all Century team. Yeah. I played in the era with 'em, Dan Marino, John Elway, Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, Brett Fav, Joe Montana. That's six of the 10 guys that made that team. I played in the era in which they played and saw what this kid is doing.


Y'all don't appreciate it. No. Because you're so caught up in talking about they getting No, no. You can't get enough calls in order to get to five Super Bowls in seven years. Can't. Because if you could, why didn't anybody else do it? Yeah. Yeah. If it was that, if all it was were calls, why haven't anyone else ever done what he's Doing? And of course, you know what people, people counter would be, well the calls are in their favor because it's the chiefs. Well the calls are in their favor because oh, the NFL wants always scripted. They want the Chiefs to always go, listen. I I don't, I don't think people you, you can't under undermine on how undermine not only the success of the Chiefs, but the brilliant mind that is Andy Reed.


Yes. In the play of goddamn 15 in Patrick Mahomes. You know? Yeah. Even, even I sometimes even I, sometimes I question some of the calls I just do because at times they come in the, they come, Hey, what up? What up, what up Teddy? They come at the, at the opportune times. And for Someti, some, for some reason at times they're in favor of the Chiefs. No. Even, even I am, I am critical of that at times. And, and I've been wrong, especially when I broke it down statistically and look at the stats. Yeah. You know where the refs aren't in favor of the Chiefs because they're in the bottom of the goddamn league when it comes to getting calls. But you know what Ocho you know why it looks like that?


Because at the most opportune times when somebody's beat, then what do they teach you to do? Hold him. Hold, grab him. Yeah. Just don't give up the touchdown. Yeah. Okay. I ain't gonna give you no touchdown. I'm gonna make you earn it. Now you might fumble ball bite, get tipped and throw in interception. Right. You make it seem like they're throwing, they're not a, ain't nobody, they ain't getting no call holding calls when they down 15. It's a crucial situation. Right. And the defense understand the gravity of the moment. And so in order for me to make sure they don't score, I've gotta hold. Yeah. I've gotta a pass and fear. That's what it is. But guys, y'all gotta appreciate this because you might not see it again. And we thought what we saw with Brady, especially his first years, but think about it, after 2005, he didn't go back again until 20 13, 20 14.


So there was a decade. Mahomes has been in the league seven years and he is in his fifth Super Bowl. Do y'all really understand how, think about, there's only one other guy that said but been in that many Super Bowls and that's Tom in 23 years he's been in five in seven. That's crazy. That's crazy. Did you understand How hard that's, That's video. That's video. That's video game type stuff. And I don't, it's video game type stuff and I don't even think you can replicate it in the video game. No you can't.


So this is what Josh said to be the champs, you gotta beat the champs. And we didn't do that tonight. Ocho. Yeah. Shas going crazy right now. We've got 84,000. We gonna try to get to 90. We gonna try to get to a hundred. So tell your friends through the first seven seasons as a starter, Tom Brady was 14 and three. Patrick Mahomes is 17 and three A FC titles Mahomes, five Brady, four Super Bowls, three Brady, three MVPs in the Super Bowl. Mahomes three Brady, two MVPs in the regular season.


Two for Mahomes, zero for Brady. Mm. So at the present, where they are now is really, and you go look at the touchdowns right, that Mahomes is thrown versus Brady in the same, it's unbelievable. I just, I'm glad I got an opportunity to see, I glad I got to to Brady 'cause I didn't think anybody could even come close. But Lord have mercy. This kid, this kid might even surpass it. And for us, for us to even have a conversation about it tells you, speaks to how great he was. Oh yeah. Ocho. But there was another game. Ooh. So the team that the Kansas City Chiefs will face in the Super Bowl A are the Philadelphia Eagles and they crushed the Washington Commanders 55 to 23 setting a new record for the most points scored in an NFC Championship game is the fifth time the Eagles have made the Super Bowl and their second appearance in the last three years.


Yeah. The only Tri Triumph came in 2017. Saquon, Hey, hey, 118 rush yards and three touchdowns. Lemme tell you something, right? Lemme tell you how I knew Saquon in business when they ran the ball in the first drive. Yeah. And the safety came down. Hold on the back. The backer moved out the a gap or something. I'm like, how you getting washed? How you getting washed Like that Saquon bounces outside then the safety coming downhill. He arm tackling, he arm tackling. He ran. I'm Like ran through that. What? He ran right through that went and scored and his lineman came to celebrate and he looked at his lineman and said, nah, we ain't doing none of that.


Ain't none of that. Just shake my hand. Right? And went to the sideline. I said, man, you know what, boy, the game over. The game is over. Oh yeah. The game is over based on, he really meant business about he, he really meant business Today. I'm coming here with one sole purpose. I'm finna run the ball straight down night throw. And he set the tone right off jump. Now the commanders has him opportunities to play some good ball, but you four turnovers, They scored on, got points on all of them. All Of them. You can't, well you can't win like that. You can't win like that. You, you, you just can't. There there's nothing you can do. Jayden Daniels as good as he's been all season long.


Phenomenal player. He's been great in a game like that. In order to have a chance, you can't turn the ball over special teams. It hurts you. Yeah. Because they scored a touchdown. And guess what? They kick it off to you and you give it right back to 'em and they get another one, another One back to back. So that means not only that, it puts the pressure and it put the onus on the offense. And Jane Daniels, now you gotta play perfect damn near perfect football. You gotta play damn near perfect football. And it makes it impossible we to do So you can't beat yourself. No, You can't beat yourself because it's gonna be hard enough to beat them. That's exactly what the commanders did. They beat themselves. Yeah. I mean, careless turnoff mean you get the ball punched out, you run into the back of the guy and the ball comes out and you know, LER gets the ball, he gets up and boom.


Yeah. Punches it out. He gets it punched out. And then Jayden threw a a pick late in the ball game in the end zone. Michael made a great intercept. Yeah. What's his name? Ojo the db. Oh, Mitchell Kon. Keon. Yeah. He makes a great interception on that play. But when you turn the ball over against a team like this in their building and they're firing pretty much on all ceilings because you look at, you look at Jalen Hurts, 20th 26, 2 46, a touchdown. Didn't put the ball in harm's way. They ran the ball 36 times for 2 29. You see the difference? You know what, you know what I, you see the difference? Yeah.


Hey Baltimore, Hey Baltimore, at some point in time, Todd Monkey, y'all gonna learn your lesson. You see what they do? Yeah. You see what they do? Even when he get hit in the backfield, you see what they do. Keep running it. Hey, you know what else I like though, UNC you know what I like about today? I like the fact that they ran the ball. Right. Yeah. And even I've been arguing about, you know, the passing game. Jalen Hurst, get the ball to AJ Brown. You know, just give him a shot. Even when you see one on one, you know, anticipate, if you see one-on-one or you see the safety in the middle of the field, you don't have to hold the ball away from him to get open. Even if he's even That's AJ Brown. You trust him. You know? Yep. You throw the ball up to him.


That ain't, that ain't 50 50 with Young Bull. That ain't 50 with him. 50 50 with him. That's 70 20. He coming down with that nine times outta 10, nine times that. So the First time there, there, there was a blist that came and he held the ball waiting to see if he was gonna beat Latimore. It didn't work. They punted the ball. They got the ball back. The very next series. It's fourth, the Five oh fourth down. I saw the play fourth and five. That might have been Jaylen's Best throw. That might've been in one of his best throws of the year. O Joe fourth and five. He throw the better. Perfect in the bucket. There you go. You give somebody like that, you give somebody like that a chance. Just give him a chance. Put the ball in the vicinity.


Put it in the area. He gonna come down with it. Nine times outta 10, One of 'em Santa Claus throws. He dropped it down to Chimney. Yes, Sir. O other than that, the, the game was brilliant. It was, it was brilliant on both sides of the ball. Special teams. Jalen played well. Saquon did what Sequan was going to do. He set the goddamn tone at the beginning of the game. Absolutely Set the tone at The beginning of the game. Now I knew what time it was And because he did that, now I'm throwing on one-on-one cover. 'cause I gotta get down. I can't guard this guy with a light box. You gotta come down in The box. You ain't got no choice. I can't, I can't, I can't stop it. I got a question for you. I got a question for you. Listen, spas loves to play. Two shell spas rarely has somebody down in the box. So what's going happen?


Are we going, are we, are we gonna trust my, my my front four to get home? You have to The chief, Chief, chief of Avoid with the chief of Gun. I don't think they have, they don't have, they don't have, they don't have any qualms with putting Mc Duffy on Brown and then playing coverage everywhere else. They don't, they don't, they, they won't batter now. Okay, I see what you mean. They won't bat or now with that bat. I see what you mean. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. But the thing is, is that the tight ends can give Kansas City problems and they got a good one and Gotter. Oh yeah, Absolutely. Now Calcaterra, he's more of a blocker. But he can, he, he can make some plays. Right. He can that don't throw him the ball much. He's more of a blocker. The the receiver guy is Dallas Gotter.


And I Mean, what, what if, was He there? Was he there? Was he the one that threw, who threw the touchdown pass to Nick Foes on Philly special? It wasn't Godard though, was it? I don't think Godard was there then. Wasn't that delicious? So good.


Your bill ladies. I got, I got it. No, I got it. Seriously, Iist, I insisted first. First don't be silly. Don't be silly. You be silly. Don't be Silly people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Amazon one medical presents painful Thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one medical healthcare just got less painful.


Hey, how do you, how do you, how do you count it? How do you count? How do you counter that? Maybe if you were spas, do you go small? Hell can I, can I go nickel? Can I, can I go nickel? They'll run you off the field. Huh? They'll run you off the field. I'm talking about on, on, on, on on third downs though. Trey Burton. Okay. On, I mean, the count no counter can, can, you can't, you can't play, you can't play them nickel because they'll run you off the field. O Joe. They ain't got no problem running the football. Now see, sometimes teams get carried. Well, I got a quarterback, I'm paying $50 million. Right? I need to throw, I need to show you how value is. Right? Right. That's not what the Eagles do. The eagles ran the ball 36 times today. Ugh. 36 for 2 29 9.


I would, I would love, I would love to see the Chiefs. I don't know, I I don't know how the chiefs stack chiefs stack up against the run. I, I would love, I would love to see those numbers. They put you in a situation, don't you, where you really can't run the football 'cause you're playing catch up. Right? So that's the, that's that's their run's difference. Defense Differe is to try to make you catch up. Right. Now the question is, can they, 'cause Philly Philly likes to play too. Shell Yeah. Because they believe their front four and their front, Zach Broun is playing out of his, his mind. Hey, he's a real deal. He played out of his mind the real deal deal. And that front four that they got led by Jalen. Matter of fact, speaking of Broun, you know what? When you got Jalen Carter and you got what's, what's Young Bull? What's your young bull name?


Oh, Nolan Smith. No. Number 90. Number 90. You got 'em. Two boys. Oh, Jordan Davis. Jordan Davis. You got them two young bulls in front of you. Man, listen. Well, them things part that them things part to see, like Moses, if you got any bit of talent at, at, at that middle back, man, the show is yours. Yeah. They got, they're they're, they're real. They're real. They're, they, they, they're formidable. Say I be up, man, if I, if qua like, hold on. Hey Nick, when y'all start running that tush push man, let me get these shows, these Touchdowns. Yeah. Yeah. I mean what you call hear got three of it, got two of his touchdowns.


Quas supposed to have five to Five touchdowns. Yeah. Today Five. That's what I be like, I be trying to get history. Hey, come on babe. Hey, hey. You know, say get out that church Push. You know what? Stuff like that, stuff like that too. Like I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not for, I'm not for going against coach's wishes. Yeah. But times like that, I wish Jalen had a little bit more, It's an, a Power or, or call of the offense. Like, you know how Peyton Let, let's hand this thing off. Peyton, you know how Peyton Manning would b they'll assist him on the side. He say, nah, I'm not doing that. And he'll do his own thing. Yeah. And it always worked. I wouldn't Jalen would do that. So in situations like that where, you know, Saquon has an opportunity to make history, I would change a play to some type of dive or, or just something direct where he can get those touchdowns as opposed to the to push.


Because on That, on, on one of that run, man, I saw him. I say, oh man, Saquon, you gonna regret going down to the one yard line? Oh yeah, we went down. Yeah, because they about to go, they about to get his ball. They about to get his ball to hurts. Yeah. And he about the power with wearing the end zone ocho. Yeah. With his ninth rush. TD Hertz passed Steve Young for the most all time rushing touchdowns by quarterback. Right in NFL history. That's liar after street. Three straight encroachment penalties on Washington's str trying to stop the touch push. Guess what happened? The officials says if you continue this, we can award points because as hey ocho, what you gonna do?


Put the ball in the end zone. Right. The officials say, yep, you jump upside one more time. That's exactly what we gonna do. We gonna put the ball in end off because you're only going a half a yard, don't you? They gonna get it. Listen, you going, they gonna get it every time They stopped them, they stopped him once and it felt good because I think it was Vu that went over the top. Yeah. Kind of like what they did with, with with Josh Allen. With Josh. Josh Allen. Yeah. They went, they went over the top and stopped. It was like, okay. And that was a rule I didn't even know. I didn't even know it was a rule that they could award, they could have ruled points. I, I've never heard of that either. I I, I never heard of it. I never heard of it Either. Listen, I haven't been that deep in the rule book and I haven't seen that that situation happen ever before.


But you look at the, this was almost the perfect storm for the Eagles. Yeah. Jalen Hurts extremely efficient. 20 of 26, 2 46. One touchdowns, no turnovers. Saquon 15 rushes 118 yards, three touchdowns. Long as 66, as long as 60 Will Shipley comes in, has a 57 yard took to the house four for seven. Seven. Jayla Hurtz 10 or 16 had a nine yard run. But he did a great job. His thing is protect the football. Yeah. Yeah. They kept Washington's the commanders. You see the difference Commanders Now last week you guys got the turnovers, y'all dropped 45 this week. Y'all give up the four turnovers, you got 55 dropped on you. Yeah.


Every time There's a direct correlation, Jason, The more you turn it over, the, the, you decrease your chances of winning and you increase your opponent's chances of winning. Well look, look at all the teams in the playoffs. Look at all the teams in the playoffs that turn the ball over. Huh? You know, they going Home. Yeah. Everybody going home. The proof is in the pudding. You know? It is the proof is The pudding. I got a question for you. Yes. I'm, I I don't mean, I don't mean to put you on the spot like this Who I'm going with right now. Yeah. I wanna know who you're going with. Bad. Yeah, I know. It's tough. It's tough. Chad, who you going with? Chad? I know we got a lot of, we got a lot of Fans from ocho to be honest.


Yes sir. I thought from about week eight or nine, I thought the Eagles were the best, was playing the best football. They were the best team. Yeah. And I said it and I kept repeating it. If the Eagles face the lions, I'm taking the Eagles. Right. Because of their defense and Jerry golf sometimes he gets, he turns the ball over. Yeah. You don't know which one you getting. You don't know what golf you getting. And if you turn the ball over and, and, and it's gonna be the same thing. If you go back and look at it, the game that the Philly played a couple years ago against the Eagles, I mean against the Chiefs. It was that turnover, that scooping score. Yep. That hurts.


You know, got the ball in, in and in Kansas City got their footing and they go on and and win the ball game. Yeah. They get, they get, they come out the second half and, and and and dominate. And the next thing you know, they're, they're winning their second and they come back this last year and they beat the 49 ERs for their third. But when you, when you running, when you 20 of No, 20 of 28. Excuse me. I said 20 of 26, excuse me. 20th 28, 2 46 ocho. Yeah. And you get 36 attempts for 2 29. You are extremely balanced because think about it, you had damn near many because when you take the side yards OCHO Yeah. They had 230 yards passing. They had 220 yards rushing.


They had 28 pass attempts. They had 36 rush attempts. How many rush attempts did Buffalo ha I mean Baltimore had last week because you're talking about a team that can run the ball just as good. Yeah. You talk about a team that can run the ball just as good. Yep. Lamar Jackson can throw the ball just as good. Tight is just as good. Yep. I think, I think the Eagle's defense is a little better. That's me personally. How many pass attempts they had? 30. How many rush rush attempts did what you call 'em have?


No, how many did, did Derrick Henry? 16 for 80 Y He had 16. He averaging five yards of carry. You only give him 16 or two. He should have had 30 by himself. They, they, I think, if I'm not mistaken, I forgot what quarter that was. They went away from the run. Second. Second. Yeah. They went away from the run, But they came out in the third quarter Running it down. They got back on it and went straight and went straight down the field in sc. Yeah. This got, this game got outta hand early. 14 three the first quarter and then they get 12, then they get 13. 13 a second. So you going in the half Ocho you're down 27, 27, 15.


You're like, okay, we get a play. We right back in the game. Right. Turn the ball over. Boom. And then got out. Scored 21. Nothing in the fourth. Yeah. Is a, is a Wrap. Eagle. Eagle eagles are, they're home. They're feeling good. They got them turnover and they just like, you know what, let's go ahead and step on the gas. Let's go ahead and just end this thing. We don't need to, we don't need to have any further discussions about what could possibly happen or we had the why you had the momentum and that's what you do. You see what happens when you get to Momentum Mocho? Yeah. You step on the gas, go and end the Things and listen and don't, don't get conservative. No. Most of the time what we tend to see is we see the play call and become conservative trying to make sure Yes.


We don't wanna lose the game and allows the other team to get back in the game. And it causes the game to be closer than it should be or closer than it needs to be. You know? But unc you, you, you, you, you kind of slick too. Now you said a whole, you said a whole lot of nothing that didn't answer that question that I asked you. I said who got, We got a whole time. We don't gotta pick right now. Aren't you? Think about how many shows we got? We got Monday, we got Thursday. What what You, what Wednesday? What You scared of? But listen, we got, we got all them days. Listen, we got all the show. Right. Show. We want people to come watch. If we already done pick, why they gonna watch? Well I wonder know who gonna pick. Hold on, Hold on. They they gonna watch anyway. They gonna Watch anyway. Nah, we wanna make sure they watch because I, I'll give, I'll give 'em back Thursday at the live show.


Okay. Okay. Oh, you gonna wait till, oh, you gonna wait till till we get to New Orleans? Yeah. Okay. And plus we got DraftKings. We got DraftKings later in the show. We got some coming. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I got it. But I got it. Well Chad, who y'all got y'all chatting? Who y'all got y'all? We just want, if we get a type of game that we got against the Chiefs and Buffalo, right. We'll take that. If we take the, if we get a game like we got last year right. Or the year before with the Eagles. I'll take that. Yeah. I just don't want No, I don't want no 55, 23. I don't want no blowouts. No, no. Well actually, and so Hopefully that's the thing of the past. Honestly, based on, based on those two, the two teams that we do have going into the Super Bowl, we not gonna get no blowout game like that because the turnover that the commanders had, you not gonna get that from either side of the ball.


Right. Mahomes ain't turn the ball over like that. Jalen Hurts. They're not even gonna allow, they're not even gonna put Jalen Hurts in a position. We can make those kind of turnovers and make those plays. Everything is gonna be efficient. How do you make sure things are efficient for the Eagles and the Eagles have their best chance and opportunity to host that goddamn Lombardi trophy. Give that motherfucking ball to 26. Yes. Give it a 26. What is the answer that they going to have for that? What's the answer? All I need you to do, all I need y'all to do is man on man at the point of attack. Hold your man for one second until he goes by. Once Sequan gets to the second level, man, listen man, two things gonna happen.


Either he gonna make the tackle or he gonna hit his head off the Gold Coast. Yeah. That's it. I'm, I'm just interested to see how they're going to the defense. What s spas is gonna employ. Right. To try to slow, slow down Saquon. Because for me, I know what Saquon could do. Yeah. Hurst, I'm gonna make Hurst beat me. They'll have to beat me throwing the football. I'm gonna try to push him out of the pocket. I don't want him to get comfortable throwing in the pocket. I don't wanna get him off, off rhythm. Right. I'm gonna make him make decisions and he, I'm gonna make him, he's gonna have to make the right decisions. That's the way I'm, I know what Sequan can do.


Yeah. I've seen, I've I've seen his body of work this year. He's damn near 2,500 yards. I've seen it. I know. I, I know what he can do. So I don't need to get to the Super Bowl and say, oh, prove it, prove it to me again. Right. In the Super Bowl, hell, he might go for 200. Yeah. I don't want that to happen. No, Joe. I don't. So if Jay, if, if, if, if hurts throws the ball for he's a fishing like he is, he has a couple of touchdowns. 'cause I'm gonna neutral. I want to, the thing is, you gotta neutralize, neutralize Saquon's big runs. Right. It's the big, if you notice Ocho it is a 60 yarder. It's a 70 yarder. Yeah. Sometimes he's getting multiple big runs. You gotta neutralize that.


Yeah. So if he has 25 carries, 30 carries and he has 120 yards and as long as run is 10 yards, you live with that. Right. You ain't got no choice. Ocho I can't give him a 78. I can't give him a 66 or a 60. I Can't Because now that team gets invigorated. The defense, everybody's flying around special teams. Yeah. I I I'm not, I'm not gonna let that happen. Ocho And the Funny, the funny thing about it, the funny thing about it is once Sequan gets going, once he gets going unc it opens up every fucking Absolutely. It opens up everything else. The playbook looks like Disneyland. If you are running the ball and doing what you wanna do.


Well hey, if when he's running the ball now, Kel Morris play sheet Mm. Looks like a Cheesecake Cheesecake Factory menu. You know they got that big old menu and they got about seven, eight pages different. Eight fish. They got 15, they got like, they got like 1500 different cheesecakes and they got like seven, 1700 different different Oh yeah. Chicken dishes and, and, and, and another 300 pasta dishes. That's what the playbook look like, look like. Yeah. When sa Saquon is running the football because I can call whatever I want. Yep. And I don't believe they can stop it Now you just go Oh to you just calling stuff call what?


We only practiced that play one time. Right. Call it going. I I call it it's gonna work. It's go, it's going, it's gonna work. Yo, let's take a listen to what Jayden Daniels had to say after the game. Obviously Man, it, it's, man it's just, excuse my language, but just, I couldn't be prouder of the guys in the locker room. You know, just year one, everybody not really knowing each other rookies. The, the vest did a, a tremendous job of, you know, bringing us in and, and helping us out and we all just meshed and, you know, we got to this point. But at the end of the day, man, you know, we lost it. It, but we'll, we'll move on from this.


Well, Jayden, Daniel, boy, you ain't got nothing to feel bad about, boy, because your expectations, the media, you know those on the outside in. Yes. This is not what they're expecting. They're not expecting for you to be in the NFC championship after how many years? Oh, 30 something. 30 something. They hadn't been there since what? 91. Mind you, this is your first year as a rookie. You know, this is your first year as a rookie. You ain't got nothing to hang your head about. Boy, stop playing. Boy. I know y'all lost a date, but you good. You going to be good in the NFC. You are one of the quarterbacks that nobody gonna have to worry about you in the same conversation.


You in the same boat with Burl, Josh Allen Mahomes and Lamar Jackson every year. Y'all gonna be in contention as long as you healthy and they continue. 'cause y'all got a two year window. Jayden. I know you gonna see this too. You gonna see this. Y'all got a two year window until it's time to get that bag where they can build pieces around you. And every year it's gonna be you, Jalen Hurts. Who else we got in the NFC that's like that, that's gonna be like, like, Dang. What? I I thought you were gonna say somebody NFC East. Nobody. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna leave at that. I mean, we, we, we talk, we talking golf 49 ERs, the 49 ERs and Brock Purdy, Green Bay, J Jordan Love.


Oh, so it's, it is more, it's more quarterbacks than the FFC though. Okay. No, no, no. Well, they're about, no, no, no. Hell, it's only, It's, it's, listen, it's a forehead of mustard and in a ffc, But hey, you still got CJ Stroud? We ain't put CJ SCC because we think he a little, little low. Yeah. Justin Herbert Little low. Oh my God. So, no, that they, they lo we just, they just got those big, big, big game afc. Okay. Big boys. Big boys. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But listen, if you are a Commanders fan, you have to be feeling good. Oh, you feeling great to Good. The fact that you were able to get to this point and understanding that you got to this point because of the quarterback play and everything else around him defensively, they played well. They gonna be all right.


Huh? They, and You still got Stafford over there in the, in the NFC too, Huh? Matthew Stafford. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I, I, I I saw little rumors about a trade for staff. Huh? Where he going? Who gonna trade for him? I Don't know. I I saw, you know, him and Cooper Cup. Not, not, not together, but I'm just saying Yeah, him making moves. I mean, he gonna want money. I mean, he gonna want, I mean, he gonna want 50. Yeah. And he, he, he, he worthy of it. He worthy, he worthy of it. Yeah. See, I'm, I mean, I think They gonna, I look, I I, I'm, I'm, I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy for the, the Commanders, you know, I'm not even Commanders fan. You know, I'm a fan of the game of football, but what I was able to witness Jayden Dams do this year, the damn fans in, in, in DC They, they got be happy.


You know, he should be Happy. Oh yeah, for sure. Mom, Moms, they gotta, they got a lot, they got a lot to be excited about. Oh man. In the upcoming years of first you got for, there ain't no guarantee. Now I believe they got the, the right pieces in place as far as in the front office. Don't you? Right, right. To make the move to put around this team, that's what you need. You probably gonna aid I like that Zach Ertz probably gonna need a running back. I like, I like Brian Robinson, but I, I need, I need another piece. Right. I like the wide receivers defensive. I'm, I like Louis Vu.


They got, I mean, they got what you call 'em, their pay. I, I don't think Louis Vu Deron Payne played today. That's my own show Alan played, but I don't think Deron played played. Nah, Payne Played. Nah, I think he was hurt. He he didn't play. Yeah. They gonna, they gonna be all right. They, they gonna be all right. They gonna be all right. God damn Commanders, man. I salute you. I salute y'all man. J Daniel. They did. I love you Mama Daniels. Mama Daniels. You did a hell of a job, sis. You hear me Now I know you said he can't have no girl, but he deserves to celebrate. Now go ahead and let him date somebody. Go Ahead. And that what? That, that's what they catch. You slip it. That what they catch. Don't celebrate. Hey, listen, Hey, but what they can't, you slip it, Jay, you gotta understand now, mama, Daniel, I under you.


Gotta let him, let him celebrate. Let him have a little fun now. Like he's had a phenomenal year. He got the entire city on his back. You know, he, he's, he's exceeded expectations as a rookie coming in. Almost made the Super Bowl played in NFC Championship. You know, you, you got, you gotta, you know, give him, give him some leeway. Let him have a little fun, The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host a good Morning football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a Smoke for the big game or Big Win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers,


Bobby Bones. Here. Join me on the new top shelf country cruise. It sells February, 2026 aboard the Luxury celebrity Reflection. Stopping at St. Kitts and Nevis and also St. Martin. There'll be live music with top tier country artists, and I'll be performing as well. Go to top shelf country cruise.com before January 30th and register for the Free Friends of Bobby Presale. No deposits required and you get early access to the best state rooms


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E, and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.