
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school Info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar games since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit rocket.com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 804 Rocket.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume, This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus BES instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only on Draftking Sports book. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Mad amid speculation that the Pittsburgh Steelers could be a potential landing spot for veteran quarterback Aaron Rogers, at least one player isn't interested in the service. Steelers safety. Deshaun Elliot commented on Instagram posts and made it clear that he doesn't want Rogers in Pittsburgh. New quarterback. Pittsburgh's new quarterback at 2025 writing. Leave his ass at the retirement home. I mean, listen, when you pull the stuff you pulled during the off season, when you pull the stuff you pulled while you were there, you know players see that. They don't want no part of that. Did you see? What are you, did you see what was being reported? The stipulations that they gave him in order to come back to Green Bay.


You see those stipulations? Nah. No more. Pat McAfee ma Many camps be here Locked in. Wow. Wow. The jet told Aaron Rogers he couldn't appear on the Pat McAfee shore anymore if he wanted to be the net at B2B if he wanted to be with the Jets next season per Diana Rossini. Right? She plugged in. She liked Jane Slater at the Cowboy. Right? She liked Mary Kay Kat with the Browns. When when they speak, I really, listen, I perk up to what they say. I was told that when Rogers had his conversation, when the Jess had the conversation with Aaron Rogers about what the future would look like, if you're going to be a part of this team, you're going to attend all of training camps.


Mm. You're not going to do the Pat McAfee interviews anymore. They had a conversation with him of, if you're going to stay here, here's how we want it to be. So this is me. It's Aaron Glen getting control back. Hey, I love it. I like it too. I like it too. I like it too. Now listen, if the Pat Maccabee show was conducive to the Jets in helping in any way with winning, if it wasn't in the scene in the negative light, matter of fact, if you were performing the way you should be performing, if you was the Aaron Rod bowl, you can, you can go talk to goddamn Glen Beck fall, like him as a fox. You could talk to CNN if you were playing on Sundays and being productive and being the Aaron Rods of old, I wouldn't care who you talk to.


You could be at the Playboy mansion on your off day, but it just wasn't right. You're losing on the field, you're playing battle on the field and you doing a show that's causing the controversy in conflict, creating chaos and then your performance isn't where it should be. Yeah. Meet It's just tough ocho It's tough when you play that position and guys see you doing, because normally the quarterback's locked in. Oh Yeah. Always. Normally nor especially those level quarterbacks. Right. And Aaron Rogers was that level of quarterback. Yeah. He was a Peyton Manning. He was a Tom Brady. He was that breeze. He he was that level of quarterback. And normally those quarterbacks is a singular focus.


And they're there in many camps. No distractions. None. None. And then you can't create a distraction and then get mad when people talk about said distraction. Distraction. Yeah. And you egg it off pour. I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. You wrecked the car and then you mad that people stop and looking at you at the car turned over side the road. You did it. That's a good one. I like that. I like that, Joe. I just, that's what I didn't, that's what I didn't understand about him. He talk about, we gotta block out the noise, but it's him beating on the bucket in the, in the, in the hallway. Right. He creating the noise that we hear.


What didn't he see about that? Right. But see, four time MVP, you know, you get seduced by your own success. And so he was like, Hey, damn. What's in the best interest of the team? What's in the best interest of me? Most top tier quarterbacks don't think like that. They don't Mm. All I can say is the quarterbacks of his era. You think Brady thought like that? Oh no. You thought Manning thought like that. Absolutely not. Breeze. You look at Mahomes now every week, Ocho, I can see, you know, Hey, as a favor to you, payback.


I like you. I like what you stand for, bro. I'm gonna come on your show once but every week. Right. That's a tough one. That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a that's a real tough one. And I'm telling you guys look at stuff like that. Yeah. Oh, they watching, they're watching. Go look. Listen to when, when, when Brady went to Tampa. What I did in New England ain't got itch to do with what I'm about to do in Tampa at all paid. Manny said what I did in Indy, but that's not how he thought. Right. He's like, Hey, what did he said there in the season if my resume isn't good enough?


He said it now if it's a lie, he said it. Y'all heard him. The thing that I love so much about sports is that you must update that resume on a weekly basis. Oh Yeah. He's standing on what I've already done should be enough to allow me to be going any situation I want to and do it how I want to. Right. Jesse? Nah, we cool moving forward. It's gonna be, it's gonna be our way. Oh yeah. Every one way to do things. My way of Trailway. And I think Trailway and Greyhound merged, didn't he? So they were one bus up out of town just to just go all in.


So you know what, my last year, right. I'm about to be, what is he about to be 41 if he is not already 41. I'm gonna see what I got won last year. I locked all of, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna block everything out. I ain't really, you know, I ain't gonna be on none of this bull job Right. About, about the government doing this. Treat us fos and ivermectin and whatever the case may be. Right. All I'm thinking about is all football because I promise you, you're closer to the end than the beginning. I promise you that. Yeah. And for a guy to have that many MVPs and there's only been to one Super Bowl, you can make a case that, hey, with two three Super Bowls ocho.


Now we'd have been having a conversation with him. He'd a go, he'd right there with Roger. I mean, with, with with Brady. Brady. Four MVPs. Yeah. Or Yeah. As, I mean, look, I think that's the thing that I respect most about, like the great how bought in they are. And I use, like in football, I terms, you look at a Brady basketball, you look at LeBron, you look at a Kobe. Right. I see it. Yeah. That is it. All, all the grades were different. Not only did they were, they were, they were locked in not only for themselves, but they led by example for everybody else.


And they, and they set the standard. They set the standard. This is how you want to be great. If you want to be great, you don't have to be me, but you can do the things I do. If you fall short, you still going to fall somewhere under the line of greatness. Discipline. No, it don't come down to discipline. Huh? That's in everything you do. You don't even be sports. You don't even have to be sports just in life in general. You will get the results. If you lock in and you have any small amount of discipline, that's all it takes. And you, you know? Yeah. There gotta be something wrong to, too, to get up and do the same thing over and over and over and over and over until it becomes a habit.


Greatness is boring, Man. You got Greatness is boring. It's a monotonous, it's a monotonous trait because you're doing the same thing over and over, hoping for the same result. Yeah. What do you think Brady did in the off season? Yeah. You hear him tell the story about that? When he played, when he played Captain City, that Super Bowl? Yeah. He was so locked in. He knew what they were gonna do before they knew what they were gonna do Do. Yeah. How much film you think Peyton? Oh, off season. You hear Ray Lewis say, well, if I got, if I wanna beat Peyton, if I wanna beat Tom, I gotta watch as much film as they watch. Yeah. I gotta be as locked in as they are. I think the thing is that when you hear people talk about those guys, one of the first things outside of how great they were is leadership.


Whatcha talking about Todd Brady? Whatcha talking about leadership, right? Talking about Ray Lewis, talking about might be the greatest team sport leader in the history. Right? You hear Peyton, you hear certain guys that, that word just automatically rolls off people's tongues, right? Rogers is 41, but if I was him and I was going, come back, I'm going all in. Oh, I'm gonna empty the tank. I I'm just a tank. Got one more year. I got, I got nine months. And then after that, I got the rest of my life to do whatever I want. Whatever. You, you, you do, you got me a job. A p pma, you got me a job. Hey, because I I I'm about to come. I'm about to come every Tuesday.


I'm about to be on your show. You could do, you could do as, you could do as many shows as you want to. You can go as many, many dark retreats as you want to. But if you haven't done it, if you haven't done it in this long, the chance of hard doing it now out the blue. Yeah. Yeah. It ain't Joe Bruery is projected to have a $46.3 million cap in 2025 ocho. The Bings are projected to have 45, almost $46 million in cap space. But that is before signing the necessary players to start the season.


In addition, right to the incoming draft class. Burrow also referenced the Eagles who've been able to sign multiple players to veteran deals, despite also giving quarterback Jalen hurts a huge contract that put him among the league. Highest paid players. The Cincinnati quarterback played praised, excuse me, the way Philly treated the salary cap to build a championship caliber team. The Eagles are paying everybody. That seems like the way, whatever they're doing, was this the best, was this a shot at the Bengals organization? I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say it's a shot at the Bengals organization. I'd say it's a, it's a message to the organization.


Look how, okay. Look how they did things. Look how they're doing things. They're able to have a team like that. Have everybody together, have everybody happy and still able to function and compete for, compete for a title. I think we need to take, this is like, I say it all the time, huh? This, we, we are a copycat lead. Copy what they're doing. We need to copy what they're doing and keep our band together. One band, one sound so we can compete the same goddamn way. But you gonna have to let some people go. You see a luxurious need. He had to go, you see Gay, he had to go. You see Wiley, he hated up leaving. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? I you can't. Hey, you try to keep the court.


Think about it. They traded Tyreek. They're probably gonna lose Trey Smith. Yeah. You can't keep everybody right. Okay. The core, can we keep, my homeboy obviously is a non-negotiable. We kept Trav, right? We kept Chris Jones. We drafted, well, we got McDuffy Callus hit a couple in three agency. But the problem is, is that you let Jamar Chase is not giving you a discount. We know that. He, You made him play it out and the guy hit the triple.


He got the triple crown. You gonna have to pay him 40 million. Yeah. Well you coulda had him. Oh, yo. We said we coulda had him. Okay. You coulda paid him 35, 36. But now he's gonna want 40 Plus. Yeah. You want Yeah. He chose to play hardball And t Higgins. Yeah. But if you notice, look what it did to Devonte before his contract came up. They redid It. We got him, got him, got him done on purpose. See, they knew what they was doing. Now the Eagles go now they're probably not gonna be able to sign Josh. Sweat. Sweat.


Interesting. He has some interesting comments. I don't know if you saw what he said. I don't know what we're talking about. Hopefully we do. But look, they're doing a great job. They got some guys, you look at your, your your Deon and you got Mitchell, they on rookie deals. Jalen Carter, rookie deal, Nicole Dean, rookie deal, NOLA Smith Jr. Rookie deal. Yeah. Jordan Davis. Rookie deal. See they got a good chance, boy, they got a good chance of running back. Boy and offensive line. Got him locked up, up Saquon got him locked up. Yep. Jalen hurts. He's also locked up. They looking good. They good for the foreseeable look real good. Look real good.


Damn. But that's what you have to do. You have to have guys that hey, they want to be there. Want to get locked in. Yeah. I I I'm a firm believer, I'm a firm believer that the Eagles are, are, are built. They got another two years, two, three years. Oh yeah. Then another two or three years, Jalen Carter, Hey Jalen Carter's gonna get a big contract. He's a preeminent d tackle in football, right? Yeah. Nolan Smith, he might be undersized, but he was destroying those pulling guards. I mean, he can't weigh more than two 30, but boy, boy, boy, he was a headache because I woo he was dropping the hammer on folks.


But I, I, I look Joe's like, bro, almost 5,000 yards is fine. Yeah. 43 touchdowns is fine, bro. I'm home with stats like this. Yeah. We got a triple crown winner that's home. That cannot happen again. Absolutely, absolutely not. And this damn sure ain't gonna happen on my watch. So he let, he let if they can, if they can get it, if they can get it, if, you know, rework his contract, get chased. But if I'm chased, I can't do, I can't do the first one now. Hey Joe, the second one. Hey, but I'm finna take a big ass bite of this apple.


Yeah. How about take a big bite of this Apple OCHO and some, I just got a feeling Ocho somebody gonna throw so much money. Football players don't turn down 40 million baseball players don't turn down 40 million basketball players turn that down. Like, Hey, I wanna be in a better situation. I don't need such and such, yada, yada, yada, yada. Mm not football. 'cause the money's not guaranteed. Right? I can't turn down for 40 not what, what? And then I don't get no lifetime health benefits. Right. And you know, a medical expenses eat up yours or a family member wife kids eat up a savings.


Yes, it does. Retirement. Oh no, I gotta get all that O Joe. I gotta get every last, I gotta get every last dime that they promised me. I, I'm sorry. Because T was a second round pig ocho. Yeah. So he didn't get that. He didn't get that first down. You know that 15, $20 million guarantee. It's not, I say I said it before, now I say it again. He needs and deserves every dime. Every


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress. E free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network. ATMs


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte, Chris Crito, kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Dear yes, my love, will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate? Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times, yes. I will always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers delivery and taxes extra. Other restrictions may apply


Ocho the Cincinnati Bengals reportedly could be on the verge of losing one of their top defensive players. Aaron Rappaport reported that Jermaine Pratt, who's in in the final year contract, requested to be traded. Okay. Pratt signed a three year extension with the Bengals in 23.3 and is set to make 5.6 million in 2025. After leading the team with 143 tackles this past season, he also added six pass defendant, two interceptions, two fourths fumbles, and two fumble recoveries. Rap apart noted that Pratt is closer to former Bingo's defensive coordinator. Lou Amarillo. Anna Ruo. Anna Ruo, who was fired after the 2024 season. Ocho Given how poorly he was a bright spot, if you could say such a thing.


O Joe, considering how poorly your defense played, especially the first three quarters of the season, he and Trey Hendrickson. Yeah. Oh, Joe ain't looking good for the home team now. I mean, I, I couldn't say, I couldn't say. It's not looking good. Obviously Jermaine Pratt is upset. I'm not sure what, what he's upset about. Obviously defensive 5.3 million. Okay. Oh, oh, he won pay raise, huh? Yes. Yeah, I Could tell you. I tell you, I can tell you they ain't coming from there. I can tell you that. That's why he requested to be traded. I can tell you that. Listen, if, if it is about the money Pratt, you know I love you baby. I love you. I love you like your brother, you know, but business is business and I understand, I totally understand where you're coming from, so totally understand.


So you believe Pratt brother Pratt's gonna move on, huh? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. What y'all gonna do? What y all of what y'all what, what are y'all gonna do about Trey Hendrickson? Hey. Oh, I just got a question for you now. Now we got, we got T Higgins that's up. You know, we, we got Bengals fans Think t's coming back. You got Jamar Chase, obviously, you know, you have Joe eating up a huge chunk of the chunk of the chunk of the cap, huh? We can't pay everybody. No, we can't, we can't pay everybody, you know? Nope. As much as I would love it, I mean, this, this is not Madden the ultimate team. This is not Madden the ultimate team. You can't have, everybody can't get the, and get a piece of the pie.


You know? I don't know how it's going to play out. I don't know how it's gonna work out. I would love for the band to come back together, all of them and run it back the same way. That's just, that's not the nature of this business or the way it works. I don't, I don't even have an idea what it's gonna look like come next season. I don't, I know what I wish it would look like, but I know from a business standpoint and a former player that played the game for a very long time, I know it's impossible as well. No matter what fans may think, I don't know, you know? But Pratt, Pratt Pratt requesting the trade, he understands, he knows the business. He knows what's going to happen, man.


Because Guess what, Ocho there didn't gonna Be no money for me. Had he not performed well, did he asked him to take a pay cut day to cut him? Come on now. So I'm gonna beat y'all to the point. Talk to me. Nice. Now I'm, I'm gonna go tell you real had j let, let's just say for the sake of argument, he signed that same contract extension. Instead of having ni 1 43 tackles, he had 83 tackles Talk to me. Nice. Now You'll keeping a stack with y'all. Yeah, I'm picking up what you're putting back. See the, see that's, that's, that's what, that's what rubs me with the team when it's in their fa Oh, you signed the contract.


Okay. I signed that same contract when y'all release me. Mm. And I still got two, three years on it. Mm. I signed the contract though. Oh. It only matters if I sign a contract if I want to reduce that contract. But when y'all wanna move in a different direction, it don't matter if I signed it. Gotcha. Okay, cool. It's cool when y'all do it. It's a problem when I do it. Yeah. I, I I like, I like to call it the game is the game. Did Betty learn to play it the be off you a B Oh Joe.


Yo, the Eagle's defensive end. Josh Sweat had one of the all time best defensive performance in Super Bowl history and have, he did not become the 11th defensive player of the year, including Cole Defensive Player of the Year, Harvey Martin and Randy White. When they beat the brakes outta the, the Broncos in the Superdome, Jalen Hurtz instead won that award for the 34 time. A quarterback has been the nm VP in 59 Super Bowls. The NFL no longer announces the places of the other finishes. So it is unknown if sweat even finished second. I should, should have had it. Sweat said I could have had it. It's all good though, Ocho you like him saying this.


I mean, it's cool. I understand it. He had a hell of a performance. It was a big reason, big part of their success defensively. So I-I-I-I-I-I, I totally get it. But you know, in the grand scheme of things, a quarterback had one hell of a game and he's a reason why they were able to win that game. He's the reason why they were able to win that game. Obviously, defensively. They gave my homes, hell, they beat that offensive line up so bad. I felt bad. I felt bad for Mahomes. You know, around that, around that second, second, second quarter, third quarter. The way he just kept getting hit, just kept getting hit.


The re the relentless pressure all game. Not, not allowing him to breathe, suffocating them the entire time. You know, I been very few times I've seen Mahomes with, with happy feet in the pocket, uncomfortable not being able to drop back, not being able to go through his reads, not being able to go through his progressions like they did at one hell of a job. But Jalen hurts. He deserved that MVP he did. I just, Bro, you won, you won the Super Bowl. You won the Super Bowl and you complaining about see, you complaining about an individual award.


Yeah. I mean, let he played. Well now you wasn't no goddamn Lawrence Taylor type performance. Now let's, let's not go there. No, it was a good, I mean, what did he have two and a half sax? He played? Oh, Joe. He played really well. He did. And I'm like, damn bro. Now it's too soon. Too soon. Maybe 10 years from now, y'all sitting on the porch, man, y'all know I should have won. I should have been Super Bowl LP Nah, look at his stat. I say that then. Not now, Ocho. Yeah, but even still, you're not winning that award over a quarterback. Especially not when that played that well. Yeah, I, I guess he, I guess he like, I ain't coming back, so I'm finna say anything to make sure I don't come back.


Make sure I don't come back on Joe. Yeah, coach Jim. Chris Ball says Anthony Richardson hasn't proven that he can play a full 17 game season and that the team needs to add another quarterback to compete with him. I like Ocho. You like what the DM said? Absolutely. Absolutely. Listen, I like Chris Baller light of fire up under the light of fire, up under the young bull light of fire up under him. I like, without saying that, obviously you taking a knee, taking yourself out the game, you already know what you need to do. I hope Anthony Richardson doesn't take this to heart. I hope he doesn't take it at disrespect. This is Mely just a challenge. Let me go and showing you that I can play a full 17 game season without getting injured.


Let me show you. I'm the quarterback of the future. Let me show me, show you. I'm your franchise quarterback. Let me show, please do me a favor and bring somebody in to compete for my job. Watch me raise my level of play. I have no problem with competition at all. Now this is me speaking. I like it. I love it. I'm not sure how he's gonna react to it. Normally when you have a veteran quarterback, you don't want to bring in another president that can challenge them. A La Berger. All La Aaron Rods getting upset with Jordan. Love coming in. All La Brett far getting upset when Aaron Rods came in. Yep. But as a young bull, as a young punk, this is a challenge.


You have to take that challenge and take that bullet. You Brought it on yourself though. Oh, he brought this on himself. Bull Himself. Yeah, I, I understand. I understand. And he understands that. I hope he understand it, but I like you think he bring it. I like the challenge. I wish you would. Lemme Ask you bring a in They bringing a challenger for Jay Daniels. What they bring in the challenger for Joe Bo Nicks Boy. He ain't finna find What about Caleb Williams? He ain't finna find, he ain't finna find nothing. CJ Str he ain't finna find nothing. Okay, I was just checking. Lemme Lemme tell you something. So he brought it on himself? Hold on. Yeah, he brought it on himself. But lemme tell you something. Them boys, like, he just named boy, they ain't falling off the tree like that. They ain't them Apples not falling off the tree like that. But, and aint that what Anthony Richardson was supposed to be?


Oh, he, he is. He get it together. Don't do him like that. Don't do him like that. I understand what you're saying. There's certain things he shouldn't be doing. There's certain things he shouldn't have done. He did bring this. That's, that's, that's, that's my only Point saying this. But GM, you know better, you know what you got on your hands and maybe this is your way of getting him in line. Maybe this is your way of getting the best out of him. I don't have no problem with it at all. Challenge me. But he, but of all the guys, he had the most question marks Yeah. Coming out ocho. Yeah. Now he's a physical spec. Yeah. Rocket arm can run through, tackles can run over.


People run. Yeah. I think he needs to redefine some, refine some of that, that touch, because he throws everything like he throw, trying to throw it through the eye of a hurricane. Throws a good D ball. I mean he needs some touch, But He had the most red flags when it came. Not to, not this his behavior, but just his own field play. Right, Right. And so hopefully he is like, you know what, I'm gonna show these. Yeah, Yeah. Repetition. I'm gonna show him what I what you drafted me the, with the number four pick over overall for a reason.


I'm gonna show you why We're petition baby Come In, in great shape study. Hey, I'll devote two hours a day. I'll go back and look at our every game, every game we play, I devote two hours a day to that in the offseason. And I'm gonna look at some of the other quarterbacks. Hey coach, who, who you think, who do you think I should look at? Let me look at some of Brady's tape. Lemme look at some of Peyton Manning tape. Lemme look at some of breed's tape. Lemme look at some of Rother's Burger's tape. You know, I I think it would be more conducive for him based on his style of play. The watch that were more like him watching Watson players' tape that don't play like you. I don't, I don't think it does.


You know Justin? I don't think, I don't who plays Like him Number? You. Oh, you woulda say Lamar, You forgot. Oh, cam. Yeah man. Oh Cam, okay. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. But you know what I'm just, I, I'm studying, I'm what I'm studying OCHO is what they see and how so quickly they recognize and get the ball out. I got You. I got You. I got you. That's all. I ain't looking at no footwork. Hell nah. He ain't got no footwork, like no footwork like that. But I'm just, I'm just looking to see how, how fast they can process information. Right. And get rid of the football. Yes sir. I got rec. Recognize it and react.


Yes sir. I got you. Bill's running back. James Cook's, excuse me. Run. Bill's running back. James Cook wants an extension worth at least 15 million per season. Damn. Has a running back. Well hold on. That, that puts him up in the upper echelon now. With, with with McCaffrey. With the Derrick Henrys with the Saquon. Barkleys. Well Saquon is about 13 and a half. Christian McCaffrey I think is about 16. What is Derrick Henry? Derrick Henry is eight. Ooh, that's low. Jonathan Taylor's another one. I think he makes like 12, 13 And James Cook on 15.


That what he said. Come on. What's up buddy? You just could not stay out. Huh? What'd they do? T Twin? We gonna get our show. Not you hear me? You wanna do a show with Ocho? What's it gonna be called? How, what's my pay? Are you paying me in Farmer's Dog or what? I just need to know what you paying me in not no tennis balls. 'cause I don't play no fetch. I don't want no, I don't want no Toys. O yellow 2.0. You should be in the bed. Why you still up at 12 o'clock?


I mean at 10 o'clock? Yeah. Ooh, OCHO 15. That's a lot ain't it? Hell yeah. Hold on. He's a, he's a, he's a, he's a intricate part of that offense now. Very. Yes. Yeah. He very Important piece of that offense now. But 15 is a little, you know what, who am I to say? It's too much? If you want 15, you get you 15. Are they gonna pay you 15? They not Ask for 15 and they probably gonna lay on 12. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I under I understand. I'm just being honest. Don't you? I'm just being honest. I, I like, I like, I like, I like about the cook. I like, I like the way you're thinking.


I do too. Go go a little high. They gonna bring it low and when they bring it low they gonna shoot you Right where you want to be. Aim for the stars. Land on the moon. Yeah. Talk to me now. I'm with you. I'm putting up what you're putting down. I'm picking up what you're putting down Ocho. Where happen did you get re this airman's bag for Valentine's Day? Rel posted a pic earlier. What She did? Let's see that. What a picture at where it's at? We ain't got it. We Ain't got the graphic. I guess not. Damn. So what I I Y'all put this up there. We ain't got the graphic.


Hey she got, oh boy. She must, oh she must be out there spending that money boy. Yeah. You know, listen, I listen. If, if you ain't with me, if you ain't my lady, if you ain't my old lady and we ain't together, I ain't spending no money on you, boy. So you know it wasn't me. Huh? I don't play that. I don't even play that. I don't Even play. It was him Chad. Huh? It was him, Chad. I now, I don't play that. What I look like spinning on somebody that don't claim me publicly. Shoot man. Oh that Chad there Ain't go right there. It was him. What it say? Ooh, ooh. What, what? Ooh, somebody bought her something nice. That might be a little boo. Huh? You ooh and she might got her little boy or something. Huh?


Man, you bought that. You ain't fooling me. Hey listen, I'm yeah, I'm just tell you, I'm gonna tell you like it is. Huh? I was, I was asleep all day. I'm trying to recover from my week in New Orleans so I ain't even Your credit card. Your, your credit card wasn't sleep. It, it must have been. 'cause I ain't, I ain't had no charge. Hey, I tell you what, you get a charge any here little month Boy one. The one thing about it, I, it is one thing about me. You know me, I don't leave with no money. And if you Run, y'all been together five years. Cut that bull drive talking about lead with money. It's It's been, it's been six though. But, but that's okay. A good number been six. But hey, listen, I I don't, I don't know who bought that boy, but I, whoever bought that I sold Ocho.


Huh? Ocho bought It. Nah, nah, I'm, I'm telling, I'm telling you bro, I wouldn't lie to you. I lie for you before I lied to you, but whoever bought that boy keep gifts coming, boy. Keep because the more you do, the less I got to. You hear me? No, you gotta match it. Nah, match who match. I ain't match nothing. I'm finna hit the Match. Yeah. Chad on Chad. I don't know where that came from. Y'all know your boy don't spin like that boy. Especially not on somebody that ain't mine. You hear me? Stay with me. It's Still yours. Nah, I don't know but somebody done bought real something boy. You know what? She might've bought it herself and they acted like somebody bought it because IIII done seen that happen before too.


Me too. Did you buy Titus? Titus said Nah, I ain't got no money. He said my daddy sees my credit


cards. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface enjoys search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's dream or is it their super comprehensive agent directory or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


these days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their start of homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 804 Rocket that's 800 for Rocket.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide and every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Alright O Joe, it's time for our final segment of the evening is time for q and a? Yay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Aaron Owen says, what's up UNC Ocho, who did you score your first career touchdown against in the league and did you guys keep the football? Yes. Kansas City scored on Kevin Ross. Ryan McNeil, San Diego charges 2001. I don't know where the hell that football at. Jonie. Fna. Unc, what do you think the facts are about Joe Montana Hill still holds records over Brady and Mahome for never losing or throwing in interception in the Super Bowl or in NFL Championship.


That's not true. If you go back and look at the game in which the catch, go back and check Joe Myan stats out. I think he threw three fumbles. I mean think he threw three interceptions and he fumble once. Check that ass to make sure I'm correct. But I feel very comfortable 'cause I remember that game. I'm almost certain and they ended up winning I think 28, 27 with the catch in nine. I think that was 1981 in which he caught that ball over ever Everson Walls. Mm. Walls had, he was rookie of the year. He had 10 picks that season and they went on to win the Super Bowl against Detroit. Excuse me, not Detroit against the Bengals in Detroit. Joe beat Ken Anderson.


Am I correct? Ash? Ash, you got a saying like that? You heard the whole joke? Yeah. Yeah. Dang Bobby you could like, yeah, you know you could have just put on the board like yes you had, it is correct. Josh R nine oh oh Ocho love the show. Y'all are true inspiration even with bad optics. Kansas City put out the Super Bowl. Do you still think the road to the Lombardi goes through Kansas City in the A FC? Hell yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely.


Yeah. Brandon L why does no one call for John Harbaugh a Buffalo Coach's job? They haven't haven't, they haven't won anything as well. Well John Harbaugh has won, went to the A FC CH A FC Championship two years ago. Lost in the division around this year. McDermott's a little different. You're right. McDermott went to, this is his, I think his second A FC championship game. Mocho. Right. That McDermott has been in.


I don't think John Harbaugh's going anywhere, but I don't think John Harbaugh won what, two years ago? I think they won what, 14 games last year? I think they won what? 11 and they were 11 and six, 12 and five. I I don't, I don't think that's comparable considering that John Harbaugh won a playoff game this year. He won one last year and the Steelers haven't won one since 2016. But we'll keep that in mind. We'll see how it plays out this year.


Isaiah Lancaster, uncle Ocho. Who are your top five NFC teams? That could be a threat to the Eagles next season. And what is the greatest Super Bowl run of all time? Top, Top five NFC teams. Command threats. Oh, threats Commanders. Detroit Rams. 49 ERs. Am I allowed to put the Cowboys in there? Yeah, I'm just go with the Cowboys last depending on what team shows up this year. The team that been showing up the last three years. The last ch the last 30. Hey uncle ain't got no Hey listen I got Faith in that.


I Got Faith to do what In CD Lamb. Dylan Young said in 2026. Fitz Brees Gore, Whitten Rivers All Hall of Fame eligible for the first time. Does Breeze make it in his first year? Yes. I think Drew Brees and La Fitzgerald our first ballot hall of Famer. Oh yeah, Gore? Nah, he not getting in on the first ballot wit It's gonna be tough. I think he has the next greatest chance to get in Rivers.


I don't think he gets in on the first ballot Ocho if they didn't put Kurt Warren in with three sub bowl appearances. Right. A sub bowl MVPA sub bowl win two regular season MVPs. I don't see a situation where Rivers gets in on the first ballot. Right. That's just me. Do I think you'll get Bill Hall of Famer? I absolutely do. JW Akron Ocho better rethink that match with Deebo. He looks like Teddy tried to fight Titus Teddy wins sometime when he, when when Titus like if Tus step on him, Teddy ain't gonna stop till he bite his nose. It Is And draw some blood. So there it is. There it is. It it, it is gonna be blood and drawn.


So make sure you be ready Samuel Griffith. Hey Uncle Ocho regarding Kelsey, is there a female celebrity that would've convinced you to retire early? Hell nah. No. What the fuck? I ain't cursed all show now. You done made me curse, man. God, Lee. No. No. The hell No. And I don't think, I don't think she is gonna forcely retire. She got her career. What gonna do? Sit right and and follow her around. Be in the studio. She has her career. He has His what he going He gonna do her choreography? Yeah. Nah, I don't, I don't. No, I Damn. I was doing good.


I ain't curse the whole show, man. Hey Cupcake mama. She was in New Orleans on Yo. She the one that got a do grip of socks. Hey Shannon, does the grip of socks work? Hey them things work. You hear me? Hold on, let me tell you about the combo with the grip of socks. With the roast sparks, huh? Yeah. I'm glad I got hay. I'm glad I got hardwood floors in my bedroom. That's all I would say. Hey, That's a good comfort. Yeah, those sparks. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't know it was like that. Well I know now. Yeah. Did you like that? Yeah.


Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their nation WI 5G Network. Y'all know who I am. Your favorite on Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree tank top wearing yes. All pro Pro bowler. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you Ocho and I sincerely thank you for all the support that you've given us since we started Nightcap over a year and a half ago. Thank you. And hopefully you'll continue to support us.


Please go follow my media company page of all of its platforms, Shehe Media, and by clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything just restocked. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We also dropped new beanies in every color we we got. We now have gift cards available in 25 to 500. This takes the guesswork out and let someone special pick exactly what they want. We have a big drop coming this week. Please make sure you tuned, stay tuned in. The Lakers lose. Heading into the all-star break. Snapping the six game loop winning streak. 1 31 to one 19 at the Utah Jazz.


They head into the All-Star break 32 and 20. LeBron James makes his 21st and second All-Star Game start, which is an NBA record. He broke the record last year with his 20th, well 19 was the record. 19. Kareem had 19 game all appear and so did Kobe. LeBron has 2020 last year, but they're all starts. And then with this year, it is his 21st consecutive Allstar game start. So congratulations to all the All Stars. Enjoy the time off. Get ready. I don't know what to expect Ocho, because the format has changed so much. Right? But we'll touch on that a little bit tomorrow. But thank you guys for joining us.


We'll see you tomorrow night. I'm Unc, he's ocho. We're out The Volume. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps is the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be.


homes.com We've done your homework. Welcome to a day in the life of an Amex school card member 7:00 AM Iced Coffee with up to $84 back annually at Dunkin locations. 12 o'clock pesto zoodles with four times membership rewards points on purchases at US restaurants up to $50,000. This is so good. And to finish strong, the freshest sushi spot with up to $100 back annually on eligible purchases at US resi restaurants. What a day? That's the powerful backing of American Express time supply. Cap applies. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash With amex Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered.


Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Dear Yes, my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times, yes. I will. Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One Offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes extra. Other restrictions may apply.