
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


Coming soon to Prime Video, you can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson, we have to Catch this serial killer. I don't Kill for afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Kim thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never Have another chance. The clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the the Bank Corp. And a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Well let me, let me ask you something. You feeling them? You feeling them for him? Did you ask about You ain't ask about your boy? You see? See, you don't, yo, now see that's how I, I just got, I'm on the job one day. I I'm on the job. I the job one Day been on, man, you done been on the job two months Since my first time being lead dog Ocho. But if you lead dog then had me right behind you. But I had the ocho ocho I'm let me get in the house a little while and they don't go realize that I, I'm, I've been taking scraps that, you know, then I've been, I've been giving to you out the back. Listen, don't man, listen man, I Gotta get it good. Listen.


I'm telling you. Let me, let me lemme tell you something. The people over there, they, people over there knew what they were doing. Now at first take, now I'm talking about me and you. One, two punch. That's that's special. That's something special. I'm the people, the people need that ojo. The people need that ojo. What's the One thing? The guys don't all first take what they do Debate. They harsh critique Players. Yeah. I I could, I I I could critique too. That's not what can say. I, I can, I can debate with the best of 'em. Everything is not meant to be a debate. Sometimes it's about a discussion and having an open and honest conversation about how, how somebody play. I I can do That. Are you willing to do that? I'm, I'm willing to do that. Whatever. Whatever you want you want Me to do, Boss. Oh, okay. After, after I see a couple of times. If you doing it on here, then I'm gonna go talk to the producers.


Say again? I do, I do it every day on here. Nah, I do. I do it. I do it every day. I do it every day. I do, I do to an extent. Just check it. Check your boy tomorrow. Yeah. ESP first take. Wait, wait, wait. What time you, what time you on? I on 10:00 AM 10:00 AM am Shoot. Hey, hey, hey. Well, since y'all can't be on this senior boy a shout out man. Shout. You go, boy. Shout out. I say, you know, I gonna say shout out to Glenville. We in the house. Savannah State. What up? Nah, talk about Fam u Ain't gonna no fam UI went to Savannah State. I know. Which I boy might mention something fam you ain't, I'm proud of all the HBCUs, but ain't nobody getting no love in front of Ssu.


What's Wrong with you's? That's fine. Just bring me on there. Bring me on there. I wear, I wear my fam U suit. No, you ain't bring Me on there. No. Yeah. Why No can do? Well if I, if I get on ES ESPN just one time. Well, I know my mama and my grandma gonna be proud. Look at my baby. Who? You boy. Hey, Look at your boy. I done made It you more on tv. Granny. Your boy made it. You more on tv, granny. Ah, your baby on tv? Yeah. That's, I need first take. I need you to help me, man. No, I, I ain't, I don't need much. Just gimme, gimme, gimme. I do two blocks a block and a B block. I don't need much. See? There you go. I don't Need much. You see what you're saying? I'm telling you. You see what youre saying? I don't need much. See you see what you're saying? You Say you gonna gimme crumbs.


Gimme, gimme crumbs. Gimme the A and the B block. That's all I need. That Didn't see what you're saying. See, I try, I'm trying to help you. Now I try to say, Hey, look at Ocho, I'm gonna get you a pair. I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you a pair of these Air Force one. No, give me the Jordan one. Damn Ocho, I'm getting you a pair of free shoes. Now you telling me you want the n the B block. You see now you did that. See, we ain't never satisfied. I'm being nice. I'm being nice by not trying to do the whole show. Just gimme a love appearance. Just gimme a, A love fee. You see how you operate. I get you a job. You don't wanna start mid-level. You wanna be the CEOI Said mid-level A, a, a, A and B block. That's like, th that's a 10.


That's 10 minutes. You do realize A and the b start to show, those are the most important blocks. That's why we put the mosts. That's Why need at that. You see what I'm saying? You making my point? You making my point? You ain't happy with Air Force one. You want the, you want the, you want the, you want the Freddie Krugers. I don't like that. You want the, I like, I like the Air Force one. Ain't nothing wrong with Air Force one, but if you, if we gonna do something, let's do it. Right. Let's get it people what they want. See, get it people what they want, Man. So now you want me to get, take the most expensive shoe that the man going miss. The man gonna miss. Like, hey, where y'all, we had a size of a 11 Jordan, where is that shoe is? Listen, understand what you get when you get me that Jordan one.


Understand what you get. Once I'm in front of that TV and that camera with that goddamn three piece suit on with the look, with the, with the handkerchief hanging outta it. Understand what you get with the glasses on Me off the air. That's what I get me off the air. So now we got two brothers. We got two brothers. That's not gonna be on first take no more me. Hey, well listen, Well Listen. Well, hey listen, One thing about it is I ain't gonna sink the ship. I ain't gonna sink the ship. We ain't gonna be jacking rose. It's gonna be enough room for me and you on that door. So come on. Just, just do, do do what you need to do. Get your boy on there now. Help your boy out sometimes in life. You know what we gotta do? We gotta pull each other up.


We gotta, we gotta pull each other up to get me where I need to get to, to reach the pinnacle of my success off the field. You gotta put me in a position to, to win and succeed. That's why I need you, brother. That's your purpose. That's your purpose. You do realize like when you're trying to save someone and they're in the ocean and they're drowning, you know you're supposed to come up from behind because the person is drowning. So he's gonna push yourself. They're gonna push themselves up. I don't like that analogy. I can, I can swim. I, no, no, you can't swim. No you can't. But anyway, let me get my foot in the door. Let me get a couple of these hostess segments. And then, you know, they say, Hey, well is there anybody you'd like to have on? I was like, yeah. You know what? Now that y'all mention it.


Yeah. You see how I did that? No show. Yeah, I Like that. I like that. But listen, you, listen, you, you sound like, you sound like Ray right now. When he was out there bootlegging, you sound like Ray right now. You been telling me when you get your foot in the door, your foot have been in the door for two months. What else you waiting on? O Joe. Ocho, the Rest of your body in the door, man. Help your boy. Yeah, Let me, oh, Ocho, I gotta get in, get settled, like, oh yeah, this nice, I gotta know where all the, I gotta know where all the stuff at. I gotta know where all the stuff at. You know where the stuff at. You know what to do when that cam, when that, when that camera's on, when that camera's on. You know what to do when the camera's rolling. I know what to do. All I need is you to get me in the building. I get me in the building now. Take care of the rest. Oh, yo.


See that's, that's the see there. There you go. See I got you in the building. And see what I supposed to have, have been doing is going straight there. Me, I done got you in the building and I got both of us caught. No, I got both. I done got both of us called. Oh, Joe, you polled nude to support Peter years ago. Would you poll? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Good call. I got po I poll nude. I polled nude years ago. Boy. You know, you know. And it was easy for me. You know, I had, I had, and then there was a little, there's a little controversy because I pos I posed nude for peta and then boom, people were getting on me about the, me using the football to cover, you know, the three, the three inches. And it was like, well damn, ain't the football pig skin. Yeah, they got, they got on me heavy.


So it was like kind of contradictory, contradict. Yeah. They, they talking about I couldn't do it. Ocho they couldn't do it because they say, man, you got an elephant. You got an elephant in the headlock. Hey, Hey, well hey, matter of fact speed. I'm so glad somebody bought that. Peter a I need to get that. I need to get that Peter, that Peter ad blow up. How Did that come about? How did that come about? I can't remember. This was, oh, this was long time ago. Unc. This was long time ago. I'm talking about this might, might might've been in my prime. I I don't even know what year that was. Hey, somebody, somebody in the chat, one of the ladies in the chat send me that, that picture of that Peter ad to my Twitter. 'cause I ain't seen it in years. So I could get that. I could take that to, to Kinko's and get that blown up so I could put it in my game room.


I don't think Rel never seen that when Rel see that boy, she might, she might fall back in love, Fall back in love. She might fall Back in love because she ain't never seen that side of me. Ocho you weighed 36 pounds. We, oh, would you stop saying that man, for people really think I was that little. I played at two 15. Look here I was at two 15 too. Ocho ain't never been two 15 in the live. Gil with the pads on or off? Nah, off Pad. Pad. I wa pad. I I was rocked up Pads and a 25 pound weight. I put 'em at 2 0 5. Right? Like Rib Hamilton. Yeah. Yeah. I would, I was, I was, I was two 15. I was 6 3, 2 15, man. 4, 2, 4. 1 4 2 4, 1 40.


Oh Lord. Yeah. Now you just told everybody your 40 time was why you went the second round. Now you ran four two. No, the reason I went the second round 'cause I bounced around from school to school and there was too many red flags. That's why too many red flags. I went, I went to th I I went to 30 11 schools before I even got drafted, Bro. 30 11. Look here. Eric Swan was in the semi league. That joke went in the first round. Top five pick What year that was. What year Swan come out? 96. And that, that's why 2001. 2001. Man, they, hey listen. Oh, they went and they went and talked to my teachers in elementary school.


I mean, what does it matter what I did in elementary school going into the draft in 2001? That made no sense to me. Actually they need, they, when, look, I look elementary School. Oh Joe, when I'm investing that count, lemme ask you a question. If somebody say, Ocho, I got a deal and I need you to invest 10 million, I need you to invest 20 million, 30 million. You gonna take their word for it? Or what are you gonna do? Some background checking. Do me, do me a favor. I'm Just asking Ocho I'm just asking. I, I understand, I understand. Doing a background check. Please explain to me how, talking to my elementary teachers in 19 85, 19 84, Whatever it may be. What, what type of, what type of kid was He? What does that have to do with anything? With me Going? Was he disruptive? Did he steal?


Did he your, who was, Who wasn't disruptive In elementary, of course I was. A lot of kids weren't disruptive. Ocho Show me some, show me somebody in elementary school that wasn't disruptive in any kind of way. Show me somebody in elementary school, my brother that instilled something in some kind of way. My brother, I don't get, I, I really don't get that either. Like I was steal it 'cause I'm broke. Once you dropped me, I ain't broke no more. So I don't need to steal. So that don't even Right this first of all, Gill Gill, you have a mom and a dad. You middle class, you ain't broke. You good. We, you and Ocho would've robbed you. But I'm just saying the stuff they be asking like you, you, if you drive me it, all these problems go away.


My mom now house. Now some of the stuff I, I'll I'll concede. Some of the stuff that they ask goes overboard. Ridiculous. Now they, you heard the story about, about Blackman from Oklahoma State. Justin Black Justin Blackman. Yeah. They went down. What happened? They, they, one, one gym says he went to Oklahoma State. He didn't know who he was. Right. He said he was in a bar. He went to this bar five days in a row. Guess who was in the bar having a drink every day that he was there. Ocho ocho tell the people who got who's outta the league because why?


Hey, you Know, that's why you, that's why you wait. Jackson, Jackson, Jacksonville, Justin Blackman. Yes. Wait, what the issue, the issues that he had in Oklahoma State. One Jacksonville didn't do their homework. One team did their homework. Right. Took him off their board. Mm. When I'm in, when you invest that kinda money, it's just like you probably, if you going to invest that kind of time and energy and money in a young lady in today's time, you better go do some background. I mean, I mean today you do have to go back to elementary. Now you gotta go back to elementary school just to make sure just what it was then.


Oh, there you go, Kim. See, there we go. We gotta move the conversation along. We gotta move the conversation along on you. I ain't fool with Gil bad. I ain't fool with, I'm just saying. Hey Gil. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. You do. You you do ojo. Ojo. See right there. Yeah. Hey, hey boy. Hey listen, when I was young, I was all 180 5 pounds. Man. Unc, I'm two 15 right there. What did you talk about? No you're not. No you not. I You see how many abs I got? One, two, yes.


4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 10 chisel, 3% body fat. 6 3, 2, 15, 4, 1 40. That was me a A squirrel leaner than a bear. You talking about, Hey One thing about, Hey, I was hell when I was Well now, huh? Hey, I'm telling you. I tell you, they, they voted me America's sexiest man alive in 2005. 2005. Yeah. A sexiest man alive. And they, there wasn't nothing, it wasn't nothing like me. I was Maurice Chestnut before Maurice Chestnut. I was bled Underwood before Blair Underwood. Wait, Hold on. Because, because we, we got drafted. Say you said 2005.


No, no, I'm saying I got drafted in 2001. It wasn't until I came into myself and puberty hit, then I became the sexiest man alive for like a year after that. That shit fell. I fell off after that. Yeah, you about be okay. I'm just checking. 'cause I was, I was, back then it was, I was sexy in 46 States because I was still Yeah. Yeah. They, they banned me. Y'all already? Yeah. Yeah. Hey. 40, 46. 46. I was still working on the other ones. Oh man. Oh, that's good, man. Y'all, y'all, y'all need help.


I can play for the ballers right now, boy. Now that I think about it. Look at, look at my technique. You can't, you can't see my whole body. But you can see I, you can see I know what I'm doing though. What you think? No. You, you scared of that ball? Who? You Oh listen, I hit, I hit 90, a hundred mile 90, a hundred mile an hour ball with, with ease, man. I got hand eye coordination. You ain't think I how you think I Caught football? I tell you what, you ain't gonna, you won't even put your bat on a hundred mile mile ball. Oh, You won't bet nothing. I go record it tomorrow. I go to the baton cage tomorrow and show you. You ain't do that. Let's Bet. Let's bet.


We bet. Okay. Bet You, you won't put one ball in play. Okay? You might, you, you might stick your bat out there and it go in play. No, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You better do your homework now. Do your homework. Now I I could play some baseball. Don't do That. You ain't up playing no baseball. Oh, you baseball. You Ain't never played a baseball. I played baseball. I played baseball in college. I had, I almost got drafted. Yeah. To the military? No, To the, They were looking for a few good. Me. That was the only draft you gonna be a part of. Bad please. I mean, Ocho the thing, the thing is, is that what you have to understand. Hey, that was ago. Baseball. Baseball is a sport.


Like you could play, guys could play like high. You heard guys, well, like Elijah didn't take play basketball, but like his 11th and 12th grade year, maybe it's 12th grade year. Right? And guys play football, play one year of football. Right. Baseball, you better come up at five years old looking and seeing them balls. You ain't, that ain't no sport that you just pick up at 1516 and say, yeah, I'm gonna be appropriate. Hell no. Can I tell you something? Yeah. I respect every sport and it kind of make me sad sometimes when you don't believe how good I am at certain sports. I believe you. Good. In high school, in high school at Miami B, senior high, I played baseball.


I was, I was considered almost going into the first round. But I chose to play football instead. I was a five tool. No, I was a five. I was Kyle Murray. I was a five tool in high school. That's how good I was. What are, what are the five tools, Dude? What you mean? What are the five tools? I was a slugger. Outfield. You couldn't get nothing. I would like sha I used to pitch too. I would like Shae ho Tani in high school. I did everything. Huh? I I bullshit you. Not so, So in other words, you could hip for power, hip for, for average. Yes. Yes. Yeah.


I did everything. I was the people. Cast, throw Cast throat, man. Listen, everything. I was a five tooler. Ain't no, I, I'm, I'm not. I'm, I promise you I was, I was finna get drafted at Baltimore Orioles. Oh Lord Ocho like I've said there not, I mean, think about it. Think about how hard it is. There had not been a whole lot of guys. That's why, why you think people give prime? Yeah. And bow so much credit. Yes Sir. 'cause it's so hard to do that. Very, very, Very Kyle Murray. Kyle Murray was the number one overall pick in football. He was the number eight pick in baseball. Yeah. That's crazy. Brian Jordan, I don't know if you remember Brian Jordan. He played safety. He ended up, he was a safety for the FA pro bowler.


Right. He gave it up and, and turned and he played, played probably 15 years for the Cardinals. Mm. Where I, I, I don't know if all the years, but a lot of the years, bro, that baseball was different animal. Yeah. Think about Ocho. Think about this here. You hit 300. Yeah. You gonna be a hall of famer. Yeah. Where else can you, where else can you fail? Three out 10. You can be successful three out of 10 times. Imagine if you caught three out 10 balls that were thrown to you, or you made three out of 10 shots, You'll be at home on the couch. So that lets you know just how hard baseball is.


Man. Hell, hey, I was, I ain't gonna lie to people. I was scared of the ball. So that was my, that and plus baseball was summer. It wasn't, we didn't have no traveling. I had to work. Mayor Porter said you gonna hit them fields? Yeah. Yeah. He didn't hit no baseball. Hit them fields. And I'm cool with that. Plus ocho, you think you go from football to basketball. Basketball to track. Track. You had another month of school and soon as we got outta school, we in the fields Field. Yeah. I Ain't no time for no baseball. No damn baseball. Baseball and track overlap. Yeah. Damn. I, I would Boy, I wish you could've saw me, boy. I'm telling you. Hey, I wish you could've saw me pitch boy back then. Boy.


Pitch what? Oh Lord have mercy, Girl. Yeah, I heard you. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Try. I'm trying to get my camera. See the technique? You see that? Yeah, I see that. Okay.


Bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Mayers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Mayers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar listen.


Tired to tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Myers smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it. Oscar.


Coming soon to Prime Video you Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of the masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross. I learned to dress his gut, get inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's ventures, fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and vintage pods. Where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics. The 2:00 AM can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey boy Uncle. I used to give him hell in high school. Boy, The five tools. The five tools you had. Hey, you had a long mow. Hey, Matter fact, let lemme tell you. Lemme see how good, let me, let me see how good I was. Well can I tell you the five tools you had In the outfield? I was the only person in the outfield. You had a long mow. How good I was. Yeah. I Lawnmower a anja, a weed eater. A rake. A rake. Those are two A blower. Those are four of the tools that you had. Man, it make five tools. Lawnmower a, an a blower, a weed eater, and whatever else you wanted because those the only two that you had. Bro, I'm telling you man, you got you.


You, you know, until you see it, you will never believe it. Some people say, I didn't know OSU could play soccer until they saw it. Then they see me. I, I didn't know could played ocho ocho Played tennis. Ocho You ocho ocho you kicking a soccer ball and actually being a soccer player. There are entirely two different things. Hey, Do me a favor. I control. Do me a favor. Are you going to the TST tournament? You not going? No. So when you, when you see the highlights from the tournament and you be like, oh shit, this motherfucker really know how to play. Make sure you gimme my credit Ocho, there are guys that can go shoot a basketball and they think they can be in the NBA. There are guys that think they can catch a football.


They should be in the NFL. There's levels to that Ocho. Man, don't do that. Don't do them. People like that. Ocho don't do what I've been doing it Respect. I since I was fine. Respect, respect them people. Sport. You can't play no damn soccer. So, So, so I can't, No See, I don't, I don't, I don't like when you do me like that. No, I don't like when you do me like that. I'll be realistic. Gotta you realistic. Hold on. So I can't play tennis either, hun. You see me play good? No, I can't. I can't. Okay. No, you not returning one term. Just because you can't do it don't mean I Can't You can't return one. Listen, There, there, listen, unc, there are clips of me doing everything you saying I can't do, which makes no sense. I tell you what you not returning one professional tennis player serve.


You said respect their sport. So I wouldn't be playing on a professional level then. So what Are we talking about? We talking about just playing the game. Oh Yeah, yeah. Well I can do that. I go out there shoot hoop. I can do all that. Yeah, no You can't. No you can't. No you can't. Yes I can. Yes, I can't. No you can't. No you can't. Matter of fact, what I can go play, I can go play right now. I can go right now and make the Miami, the Miami open. Miami open What? The Miami open In in tennis? Yes. Right now at 56 I can go play for y all matter of fact, I can go play for Napoli in Naples, Italy right now. Coming off the bench.


No. Yes. You'll never see no action. Yeah. I'm gonna see Action Ojo o man. Talking about, oh yeah, because you said you gonna be able to play professionally. I'm talking about professional. Oh, I didn't say professionally though. I would just talk about it. I'm really, I'm really good at the things. I take series. Oh yeah, you go there, play old people. There are a lot of old people down Miami. I don't play old people. I play the younger folk to let 'em know how good I am despite my age. Oh Lord. Yeah. That's what I do. Oh Man. Ojo, you got them. People believe it up, man. Yeah, I believe ojo could play. I can, I can. If you, if you see you don't, you don't follow, you don't pay attention to what I be doing, man.


This is what I do. Oh Lord Brady, look, I was at a, I was at a a, a celebrity tennis tournament with Andre Agassi and Pete Sanford. Yeah. You not hitting that ball. You not hitting. Trust me, man. That ball. Hey, have you, have you ever seen a professional tennis match? Have you ever seen ball? I go to the Miami Open every year. Unc I know what it look like, Bro. Listen, do you know I'm, I'm my hidden partner. I'm Chris Eubanks, hidden partner. Like I said, you all Telling I'm be honest, I'm Chris Eubanks hidden partner, bro.


So the fact that I know what it looks like, I can return. You not going, I Can bo I can do all that. I mean, you wouldn't, wouldn't have been able, you wouldn't have been able to hit a return. Venus of Serena, let alone to men. Man, I'm talk man, listen man, see you. You disrespect And that day you, oh Joe, you Disrespected my skill, man. No, No, no, no. You overvaluing your skills. No, I'm not of overvaluing because I, I train and I practice with the pros. That's what you fail to realize. No, There ocho, do you realize how many people that played sports that didn't cross over? Like you got two, you got three, you got Bo, you got Dion, you got Brian Jordan.


You ain't never seen nobody play professional football and basketball. You'll never seen nobody play pro. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I played professional soccer and, and football. Hey, I'm, I, you know what I would think about What you think about, Like, I'm thinking about, you know, the presidency. I'm thinking about the two people who are running that we have the, we have to from, and I always thought like obviously I'm really not into politics as heavy as I'd like, you know, I have, I have family members that are, you know, Don Lemon, you know, we related, he's into politics really good. Mark Lamont, Anthony Hill, he's another, another, yeah, another cousin of mine.


He's really into politics. Like I, I just, but I would love to represent the people. You know that, and it is, it is probably, I'm not the right person to do so, but I would just love to be in that position of power, you know, to, you know, to to to be the president. Like, 'cause you imagine what I could do, you know, if I, if I was, if I was at the highest seat. Can you, can you imagine the changes I would make? You know, when we talk about someone representing and being for the people, like that's me. Like I live by that. Like I really live it. I don't talk it like, you know, part of being part of politics is talking and selling the dream, getting people to actually vote for you.


But what the people need is somebody that like me, that actually, you know, talk the talk and actually walks it. I'm really like that. Like I could just imagine, imagine my, my, I just, when it's time for me to give a speech, you know, and I, and I start my speeches with, you know, for the American people. I just want you to know I fucking love you. And then I would get into whatever the topics are at hand. Like I just, I would just be perfect for that. You know? I, I'm just, I just thought about that just after watching that ad and I don't know man. Damn. No, the thing is Ocho you got a lot of being in politics and, and Oh yeah.


And you said you gonna be for the people. But the thing is, is that you need those big donors that oh, I got fund. So, so what you think they wanna return? Hold on. What you think they wanna return? Oh yeah, I got, I got 'em, I got 'em, I got 'em one, one hand rub the other man. Yeah. You got, I I understand the political game very well now. But this, this is the problem. The people don't understand it. I don't think the people understand it. Now. I'm not, now we not gonna make this a political goddamn debate. 'cause this is Nightcap not, not not Fox News or CNN but you know, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna let that be. We'll say that for another date in another. Yeah, yeah. I can get into it. I can, I can, I can get into it.


Good. I ain't gonna do that. Dunking Ocho love the show. Oh, do you think you could do 2 25 For more reps than OCHO could do? 180 5 could, do you think you could do 2 25 on the bench For more reps than OCHO could do? 180 5. Why would yes, Why would he discredit me and put me at 180 5 when I could do 2 25 as well? What is he trying to say? But you only going to do it for one rep. So he's trying to give you an advantage. 2 25. I could do 2 25, 27 times. What? Ocho I tell you what I'd be willing to do. I put up a million dollars. Say you can't do 2025 to 27. Oh you gonna run me my money, you gonna run me my money?


No chance. This, this, This is, this is, this is what people fail to do. People always have an eye test. People always use the visual. Listen to me Stay with me now baby people always use the visual and look at something and say You got a T-shirt on. You got a T-shirt on. You got a T-shirt on up under that. His frame is small. He should, you got T-shirt able to do this. You got a T-shirt on up under that? Yeah. Take your shirt, take that off and lemme show the people. Yeah, I know. Hey y'all ladies don't be looking at me now. Yeah, yeah. Let me come up out this thing. Lemme come up out this thing. Yeah, you see that? Look at that.


Look at that. Look at that at that. I do. I just, I just, I just, I just look like this. I just look like this. I have a small frame but I'm strong. Huh? You ain't doing no, you ain't doing no 2 25 or 27. How? You don't tell me and I've done it. I've done 2 25, 27 times. No, I just look Like this. Hey, pull up, pull up Ocho. I'll tell you what we can do what we can pull up what you did at the combine. What Is the comp, what the combine ain't got nothing to do with it. You talking about right now, Ocho first of all, this is how I know, this is how I know you can't do 2 27 because when you went to the combine, that was your operator. I didn't even lift. Lemme, lemme finish, let me finish The combine was when you are on the job interview, you are gonna be at your absolute best.


You are gonna be at your fastest. You gonna be at your best because that's the job interview. You don't even lift like that anymore. I'm not so sure. I'm not so sure you could do 2 25, 5. I didn't even lift weights at the combine. All I needed to do was run my 40 and run routes. Once they saw my routes. That was it. That sealed the deal. That's how, that's how I know you can't do 2 25, 27 routes. I'm Talking about now. I'm about now. Now if you'd said you do 180 5 like 10 times I say, oh Joe, you might get mad. No, No, no, no. I'm, I'm very strong despite my frame. I am extremely strong. So if you wanna put that million dollars stay, make sure you stand on business by that million dollars too.


I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do a video when I get back to Miami tomorrow. No, You ain't gonna do no video. I'm gonna be there. Bring your million with you. I don't need no video. I need to be there. What? I don't need no video. I don't need no video. What I Bringing? Huh? I'm gonna, I'm gonna video it so you Can see. I don't need no video. I don't need no video. I'm gonna be right there in your presence. All I'ma bring a million dollar cash. All you bring yours, you put it right there. Wait, what? What? What's what? I'm taking a million out for Because you gonna put, you bet me a million. Nah, you saying you bet, you bet the money, you bet the money Put up. I'm putting up a million. You put up a million. So I'm walking away with 2 million That you walking away with 2 million. You know What, I'm a I'm a million for million. A million for real. You know, we appreciate that.


Happy holidays. Yeah, well tell re I tell Rell to put up a million too because I gotta cover her too. So it's 2 million. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. I like, I like that too. It's, It's Cold in Philly, man. Lemme put my Jacket back. I might, I might, I might find, hey, with 2 million, with $2 million, I might find me somebody. Then You already got somebody she done donated you $2,000. Ah, Hey and well guess what? And her friend about to donate me a million. Her friend and her husband about to go make me 2 million. So I'm about to have 2,002,000 The Volume.


Hey it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seeds. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save the tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe. It these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Did you know there's no Tom at Toms? Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season. Embrace cozy comfort with Toms from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges in our iconic Alpr goddess Slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meanings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com


This fall, watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.