
Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA A all 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet, Just five bucks only on DraftKings, The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho? Yeah. After, after today, unless they, They, until they hire head coach or they res resign Mike McCarthy. Right. They get a big player in free agency or they do something, something we're gonna be done talking about the Cowboys we done, especially if it come, if it does, coming from Michael Parson. Michael Parson said The Cowboys will win the Super Bowl next year. He said gonna be an amazing thing to see next year when we're holding that trophy. I take nothing that he says, I take everything he said with a grain of salt. Right? Because he said a couple years ago they're gonna have a Baltimore Ravens, a Tampa Bay Buccaneer or Seattle Seahawk defense. Right?


He said this was gonna be the year. So because here, and the thing is he just had like Joe, like when Joe Namath did what he did, everybody remembers that. But there's no ramification if it doesn't come true. Oh, he just said that Everybody only remembers when he said it. Right. So I'm gonna be done. 'cause I think now, like he, he's doing his podcast on more regularly, right? And he wants to say that. Oh man, you what Michael say. So a after today, I want you to get everything that you wanna say about the Cowboys until they hire or they fire Mike McCarthy. Right? They get somebody in free agency. We done, we not, we not doing this. We not, we not doing this anymore. I mean, because I think now he just, he just say, he just saying stuff to get clicks on his podcast and that's fine.


That's fine. Hey, have at it. I'm not gonna knock the man for the hustle. Right. But he just talk, he just talking ridiculous. Okay. But you know that that's his team. I mean, is he, is he allowed to have the belief that they're, they have a chance to win the Super Bowl next year? Did he have the belief last year? I, I believe so. As, look up, when was the last team to win to win the Super Bowl and they didn't make the playoffs the previous year. When was the last team to win the Super Bowl? And they hadn't been to the end of, to the championship game in 30 years. How they gonna win the Super Bowl when he doesn't even believe his quarterback is top five? You remember they was naming the top five quarterback and he left his quarterback out.


Yeah. Yeah. I remember. He talks more about a quarterback that doesn't do anything for him than he does his own. Right? Damn. Huh? I re hold on. I don't know if you remember, but I remember that I I think they might have suspended, they might have suspended to when he was hyping Brett Favre and talking and they ask him a question. You remember that? Yeah. I knew the acting question. I know exactly what you're talking about. I know exactly what you're talking about. This man talking about, oh, Joe Bur he got be there vt I Mean, he's right about that, But they ain't got Brady.


The 20, the 2019 Buccaneers was the last team that didn't make the playoff the previous year that won the Super Bowl. See? Yeah. Hey, you never know You Okay? Is Tom Brady, is Tom Brady coming outta retirement? Absolutely not. Okay. But you gotta realize if you, the year before jam threw for 5,200 yards. Yeah. Woo. Look at what they had. They had Mike Evans, they had Chris Godwin, they had talent and that defense, Devin White, they had Lavante David, they drafted B deve. They had beat deve. Yeah. Look at the corners that they had. They were loaded.


Yeah. They just needed a quarterback. Quarterback. They just wouldn't turn the damn ball over. That's all. That's it. And that's all they needed. That's what they got. I'm not saying that, I'm not saying any other quarterback, I'm not saying they would've won the Super Bowl with any other quarterback, but they would've been a playoff team. Team. Right. With any other quarterback. If you just cut half those, if you just cut half the turnovers. 'cause I think he had 36. So you take that down to 18. During, in the playoffs they won nine games. And in Fact he Jamis Winston season. We, he threw 33 test out and 32 33 picks. Yeah, 30. That was the season before Tom Brady got there, right? Yeah. So that just goes to show you. So just say Ocho if he cuts half those intersections, because that's what Brady did.


I just, I I like just be realistic, bro. You just be talking. Make a funny man. How y'all gonna win? Do you, did you realize your defense, your defense was terrible? Yeah. They, they was bad. Your defense was terrible. It was, y'all couldn't stop the run. Y'all couldn't stop a parked car with a Uzi. Wait. They couldn't go the park. They couldn't guard nothing. Don't, y You couldn't stop the car With a Let's go pull up the numbers. Let's go pull up the numbers. Rush it. Teams ran Wild. Derrick Henry ran wild. Who else ran wild? Philly ran wild the First time on them.


Who else ran wild on him? Hey. Oh, you remember the Saints? You remember Saints over the date? Y'all gave up 40 points. Oh, week won of week two. Week one. Yeah. Saints went, Hey, And the, and the saint and the, and we know what the Saints turned out to be, right? Yeah. And the next week they played who they played, was it the Ravens? They played takes week. Oh, they know they beat Cleveland and everybody was up in arm. Right? And I said, hold on, slide, slow down, kind. I Wanna see them play when somebody have a competent offensive line. They're starting two guys that hadn't taken snaps in the NFL, right? Yeah. And everybody went, oh, and the cowboy. Oh yeah. I said, okay, Okay. You just had to wait to see Ravens, save some ravens.


Then they, they beat, they beat the Giants and the Steelers and then whatever It was downhill from now Lost to the reliance. 47 to nine. Yeah. Remember again, that's when they was running trick plays. They throw back shoulder fade to the ta to a tackle. Tackle. They run a hook and lateral to the tackle. Tackle. Yep. That's when they thought so much of y'all defense name the time you've ever seen a team run a hook and lateral to a tackle. They threw a back shoulder fade to a tackle. Yeah, but that's the defense that's going take you up. That's going to the Super Bowl. Who they playing for? The lions lost to the Niners boom boom. Falcons Eagles.


Oh, all I hear is lost. My, I hear nothing. Not no do right. Hey, listen, you gotta believe in this team. Huh? You gotta say all the right things. Especially for that, for that. Bring that for That. Say, we're gonna be better than what we're worth this year. Huh? Say we're gonna be better. First of all, your quarterback hadn't been able to stay healthy Consistently. Instead of going to the extreme, huh? We're gonna be better. Right? But don't you guys gotta be better. Now all I know, think about when y'all in that building, y'all don't win in your own. How you gonna go to the Super Bowl and you can't win in your own Building? Win at home. Yeah. Hey, did they go oh for eight at home? Or They did. They Won one game. They won. They won. They won two. They might have won two games at home.


Who they beat at home? They beat, they beat the Giants in Carolina. Right? Or they beat Carolina on the road. They beat the, okay. They beat the Bucks and the Giants at home. They beat one playoff team all year. Right. The Bucks, they'll beat Washington, right? They beat the Steelers. They beat the Steelers, Washington and the Bucks. Okay? They had Aqua Couple quality wins. Okay? They, they won three. 1, 2, 3. No, they won two at home. They beat the Steelers on the road. Remember? They beat the Steelers on 'em like a Sunday night, I think.


But they're not, they're not that good. They're a long way from a suit. First of all, you're not gonna go to the Super Bowl 'cause your own ain't gonna let you. Ooh. Your owner not gonna let you. That's your problem. He gonna get And y'all, y'all the culture of the Cowboys is talking. That's what their owner does. Yeah. That's what this players do. He in the way, huh? Yep. That's what they do. They talk. So Ocho, the Cowboys also blocked McCarthy from talking to the Bears for one more week. They have an ex like Wednesday, but they had a one week exclusive w exclusive Wrights window.


What? So a week from today, if they don't have anything done, which I don't expect it gonna to be Gone, and they do it on purpose, what's the point? You had plenty opportunity if you were gonna sign Mike McCarthy, you could have done it at any other time. You could any, after Five, five years. You don't know what you got after five years. You don't know if you wanna be with this woman or not. What Is Jerry, what is Jerry doing that That's his call, right? That's his call to Yes. Absolutely. That, that, that makes absolutely no sense. That ab that makes absolutely no sense to hold the man hostage.


'cause he wanted to pay him. You would've paid him already. You would've paid him already. Let the man go, let the man find another job somewhere else. And I think he probably holding onto him until he finds out who he, who he, who Who was available. Bingo. Who gonna be the, but Here's the thing. Ocho, he want coaches to take an incentive based contract. He thinks it's an honor. And look, there's only one of 32. It is, it is kind of an honor to coach the Cowboys. So It's a coach, it's an honor to coach in the NFL. 'cause there's only 32 jobs. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But Ocho on an incentive based contract. Yeah. With everybody else is getting eight, nine, $10 million a year.


Right. And you think I'm about to take four to five plus incent? Oh hell no. Oh hell no. And plus you not gonna let me do my job. You do all the talking. What, what general manager, what owner has his own show? Radio show? Nah, nah. Now you already took a shot at Mike McCarthy. You say you maybe to plays your call a little archaic. I that what you said. Ah, now you say, Hey Mike McCarthy's a winner. Mike McCarthy's win. Hey, he gonna always say, he gonna say always say the right things and don't know what he talking about.


He don't know what he talking about. Half the time, man, You know, if he doesn't. But who's surprised by that? Coach Prime says he would consider an NFL coach job if he could coach your door and Shiloh take a listen to Ocho to what Coach Prime had to say, oh, It is plant that seed. Boy, The only way I would consider continuing is that I'm coaching my sons plural, not singularly plural. I like the sound of that. I like the sound of that. So what we need to do is we need to pay attention where Shadur goes.


Not only do we need to pay attention where Shado goes, at some point, we also need to pay attention where Shiloh goes. Right? Wherever Shadur goes, there's an opportunity, there's a chance at some point in the, in the near future that Deion could be the head coach of that team. If that team suffers early on, all he's doing now is playing the seed. Now you didn't put it out there now. So the opportunity is going, going to present itself because you know how God works. One thing, one thing you one thing about it. When you, when you, when you're a child of God, the opportunities you ask for the tongue is powerful. Anything you say, yeah. Anything you say, there's a chance it will happen.


And I I, I said it here first, But the question is, look, we know Shado is gonna have a high grade. What type of grade is, is is Shiloh going to have? Right? And you know, look, Tennessee has a high draft pick. They have one of the first three, four picks. We know that. But what's the grade on Shiloh? Does he have a third round, fourth round, fifth round, sixth round, seventh round grade free agent. That's the question. Right? It's different. Football is different than basketball. Basketball. You only got two rounds. And most of the guys that come out in the second round, I mean every once in a while you'll get a, a Ben Wallace.


No, Ben Wallace was a freer. You'll get a Nicole Yoki. Yeah. Now that's an extreme case. Yeah. Second round draft pick three time MVP finals, MVP or you get a Draymond. But the the mean, the second round is really the, not often though, Joe. Not often. Right now, the NFL these picks are very, very, very, very valuable. Very. So the question is what type of grade and how, how is he high, how high is he going to be selected Now, coach Time said plural, both of his son could Tennessee take Shado and then he's there say fifth, sixth round.


Take Shiloh. I don't know if he's gonna have a third or fourth round grade on him. I don't. Right. I don't, I'm, I'm not sure. I haven't, I haven't seen any of the, any of the mob drafts. I haven't seen anything Mel Kuper has, has put out or, or come up with so far. Still kind of, still kind of early. But it's gonna be interesting. I can't wait. I can't wait till April because I, I wanna see, I wanna see those first five picks. I wanna see where they go. I wanna see what the Bengals get, where they can improve that. Hell, I'm waiting to see who the defensive coordinator's gonna be for the Bengals. Well y'all better be able Miss Sean a boatload because y'all gonna lose Trey Hendrickson.


Yeah. Yeah. He had, he's posted back to back 17, 17 and a half seats Sacks. Yeah. Back To back. Yeah. Somebody gonna pay him. Well they gonna, oh yeah, Boy. He was the long, bright spot y'all got. Oh, you talking about on defense. Oh, Defense. Okay. Okay. Yeah, you, you right, you right, you right. Y'all secondary had a problem holding up. Can you imagine the problems y'all gonna have with no pressure? Yeah. Ish. It could get ugly. I don't think Prime really wants to leave. I don't know.


He got a great situation. Yeah. He Even, even with a great situation, you don't pass up that kind of money. You don't pass up opportunity like that, those opportunities. Oh No. Nah. You know he's not gonna pass up an opportunity coach his son. Yeah, I would. But guess what? He ain't gonna just be coaching his son. Right. Yeah. He gonna come, he coaching a lot of other hardhead. You know what? Right Now, now you know Prime Prime gonna get the respect. Now you know that, you know that. They ain't, they ain't, they ain't finna play like that. Matter of fact, he ain't gonna let you play like that. And he kid, it's different now Ocho the way you and I respect people. Yeah.


And my thing is, why not just, why not just have respect for everybody? Just do your job, show up on time. Do what you're supposed to do. Yeah. Go home. That's, that's not that hard. It's really not. Nah, I can see Ocho you know, you working, you got multiple jobs and you get off late and you gotta change and stuff like that, bro. You know, you gotta be to work at nine o'clock or you gotta be to work at eight 30. Okay. You know, meetings started such and such a time practice started such, I don't know. Look, we started, our practice started at two o'clock because Mike wanted to keep, keep us on a schedule just like we played on Sunday. Right. We played at two o'clock, let's practice at two o'clock when we had a night game. We'd go run through the stuff at the stadium, get used to seeing catch the, seeing the ball up in the lights.


Lights. Yeah. Yeah. That, I mean, that's what we did. I mean, our schedule was a corner. I I just, I I just never understood that. But, but I'm trying to think. Tennessee, Tennessee had now what? Well, Tennessee don't have no opening. They, they fired the general manager but kept the coach. So Tennessee's off the table Makes no, made absolutely no sense. Yeah. I'm biased 'cause I know ran, I congratulated him when he got the job. I'm trying to think who's the main, okay, the Raiders are available. Who else is available? Oh, the Jags are available. Yeah, but the Jags ain't taking the quarterback. They just gave Trevor Lawrence 55. Me. No, no, no. They definitely ain't taking no quarterback. So the Raiders, who else?


The Bears, Patriots. Well first of all, neither, none of those teams are taking a quarterback. They took Caleb over. Right. Number one. Overall they took Drake made number three. So none of those teams gonna be in play. 'cause they're not taking a quarterback. Right. The Jets, the jets are way down though. Well how, how far down the Jets? Probably what seven they Like in the 13, right? Or 10? Well, no, they about need nine or 10. What Jet A seven? Jet A seven. I Knew, I just, I knew I wasn't tripping. I said seven too. You got the Raiders read know Raiders got a top five people.


Right? 46. Six. They get they Brady and Tom. Brady and Tom are familiar with each other. Both used to be on, well I think Tom is still is, but Time used to be an Under Armour guy. Right. Until he went back to Nike. That, that, That, that. Glad he did that. The Saints got an opening, got a vacancy. I like, I like it. I like where you going with this Prime in Vegas. Raiders go up. The Cowboys might have an opening, but I don't see them getting off that they just gave the man 60 million. Nah, Uhuh.


I like, I like that. I like that that Raiders, that that Raiders low Or Colorado could give another five year deal for 9 million a year plus incentives. I like that. That could happen. That could happen. But I still, if that, if that NFL opportunity, if that, if that window opens for crime to go coach in the NFL. Matter of fact, even if it wasn't, it Shiloh. If it wasn't Shado, I still think he, I don't think He, I I think he wants to coach his son because you gotta realize his sons have never played, Shado has never played for any other coach other than your Time.


Right. I I understand that. I understand. At no level. I don't know that anybody that can ever say that, that the only head coach I've ever had is my dad. Right. That's dope. That's dope. But I just, I just knowing Prime the way I do. But they came and calling. If they came and knocking, man, we would love to interview you for the opportunity to be our head coach. Ain't nobody turning that down. Absolutely.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey There, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Ojo. Yeah. The Falcons are now seeming to be willing to keep Kirk Cousins as their backup quarterback in 2025 if they can't get anything in a trade for him. 180 million for a backup. Yeah. Now I told you firsthand, I like this up. I like this. You do cousin. And you know, you get to, I said, oh, Joe. Yeah. At at the absolute best case scenario. Right. The absolute best case. You get Curt for two years. But Ocho do you realize how well a debacle this will be if you get him for one? Yeah. Well it it it's already that. It's already Yes. Because not only you getting him for one now he's not gonna be a starter now going forward.


And and that's what, 180 million for a backup. Hey listen, that lets you know how desperate teams are for a quarterback be still might get traded because there are other teams that need a veteran presence where they might bring him in just to be a starter. No, I ain't gonna, why would I do that? First of all, you know why? The same reason they probably gonna bring Aaron Robs back Ocho The difference is, is that Kurt Cousins is guaranteed 38 million. Right. I'm gonna do it like Russ. No, I'm not trading. I'm gonna go get him because if I trade for him, I gotta pick that 38 up. Right. So No, I'm gonna let y'all, y'all y'all do what y'all gonna do? Y'all cut him and then Right?


Oh, then we assign him. But hold on, He might have a no trade. Oh yeah. He, he, I I think he has a no trade. Yeah. He, because of him, I think he does have it in there if I'm not mistaken. Yes. He has a no trade. Yeah. So he, he has to have, he has to agree to it. Come here, come, come on, get up. It might, it might get to that point.


Boy you love, you can hogging up all camera time you looking for, you looking for a wife? What up t Twin? Say this. Is there anybody out there that has a 2-year-old? He said I'm two years old. I weigh 173 pounds and I'm looking for a girlfriend. I am intact so we can make beautiful babies. He said, whoa, whoa. Did I ain't say nothing about no babies now. I ain't say nothing about no babies, Jordan in the kitchen meeting, but Ocho hunt Ocho, that man got 38 million coming.


He got 62 million this year. Right. So he gonna make 40. He gonna gonna make 90 million in the first two years. You gotta understand, Kurt been making money for a little minute too. Now. He be, he he, he been making a good, a pretty penny for a very long time. So him keep Going on. I'm gonna put him up. Come on, let's go away. Go Ahead. You know, Kurt. Hey Chad. Kurt getting the money he's getting now. Listen, I I hate saying he's been, he is been able to swindle obviously as, as a player, you earn every dollar, every cents you get. And I, and I'm all for, you know, you getting your money. But Kirk Cousins bet on the himself Kirk cousins bet, bet on the himself for a very long time when he was in Washington or you want franchise tag me. Okay. Bet. Or you wanna franchise tag me again.


Okay. Bet then he, he goes somewhere else. Boom. He gets the bag. I mean it is what it is. It is what it is. Chad, how y'all doing? Hey Chad. My birthday is, is in exactly 26 minutes. 26 minutes. I'll be 57 and not just any 57. Like I'm a, I'm a good looking, like a good looking 57. Where like at times I still get carded at the cigar spot when I go get cigars. Like that's how young I look.


Ah, man, Chad, who y'all got? We got Saturday Chargers, Texans, who we going with? CJ Stroud to pull off what I consider upset. We got Justin Herbert, CJ Stroud's offensive line.


Do they find a way to block Bosa? Will they find a way to block Khal Mack? They've been, they've been really, really bad. They've been really bad this year. Especially the offensive line. That's his way of saying put me up. Oh, he kept bothering you? Yeah, he, he, he, he tired. He was, he been up. I had him up since six 30 this morning. I take him out. 'cause when I get up, when I don't have to do the show, I can take him for a walk. So I take him for a walk. So he's been up for the better part. He's only been in his pen for about 30 minutes a day. When cleaning people come to clean, they're afraid of him. So yeah, Jordan's computer. So I, I pretty up, but yeah, he was, that was his way of said I, I'm, I'm sleepy today that I'm tired for bed.


So I don't know what you got going on, but we need to, we need to fix this. How long? But I'm sure that was, that was my biggest concern. What I was talking about when the Kirk cousin thing came to be Right, you gonna spend 180 million and you gonna take a quarterback. Yeah. If You might as well. You just might as as well. Go ahead and take the quarterback now you and just leave cousins Alone. Right. Now you understand why they did though. They, you understand why they did. You, you take her cousins based on his resume, despite only winning one playoff game. You know what you get from him, from a statistical standpoint in the regular season, you are worried about the playoff later on. And then you get, you get security because he's coming off of the Achilles injury. And lo Behold, Ocho That's what I'm saying.


Ocho you, you paying the guy, like, he's like, he's 30 and he's not coming off of the damn near career ending injury. He was already ocho he was already not mobile. Right. And that, that makes it worse. Yes. Yeah. But it and cousins had, the Statue of Liberty has moved more than Kirk Cousins and that thing ain't moved in two other years. That's a good one. That's why it didn't, it didn't make sense to me. It never made sense to me. And you try to rationalize like, okay, the Terry Kirk the heaven for two years, bro, you paying 90 million for two years. But what happened? Lord forbid you don't want to see this happen. Right?


But what if we, what if you only have it for one year? You spent $90 million for a quarterback for one year. Mm. 90. Nah, they didn't, it didn't make sense for me. But HOO Yo, Dwight Howard is filled up with Shaq constantly talking about him. Hey, says he wanted to show up in TNT studio to confront him. At what point does this stop? Hey, them boy got a tussle, man. That, that'd be a that Listen, we talking about celebrity boxing, which is kind of, kind of simmer down a little bit, somewhat fell off now. That'd be a good one. Dwight Howard versus Shaq. Four round four, three minute rounds.


Headgear. Headgear. No headgear. They they just need to duke it out. They Need to duke out. But I I I don't, I don't really get Shaq's angle. Dwight is not the player. You were right. We know that. Right. You are one of the most dominant, you are one of the top player that's ever played in the game. Your place in history is secure. I don't get why punching it down solid. Yes. I don't get why punching down, but I don't get the constant Okay. The Superman. Like I'm Superman. I, I get, I, I I don't get that. But I, I I just don't, I just don't get, what I don't get is the con is the constant.


Right. It seems like for me, it seems like sometimes Shaq goes out of its way to pick at or to pick on, you know, they, we call that picking at, you know, we grow up in the south, but you know what I'm talking about. If it's so Right. Right. It's like, but I don't get it. And, and, and Dwight like, everybody, everybody don't joke like you do Shaq, I, Shaq is a big, fun loving guy. If you've ever been around, you know, he likes to have fun. Yeah. Yeah. But everybody, but, but it seemed, but it doesn't seem like your jokes are in good nature. It seems like you're, like you, you're trying to, to diminish the man. Mm. Dwight Howard is not, not, he didn't win a championship, but Dwight Howard is not a bu, Dwight Howard should have been an all 75 a all a, a 75th anniversary player.


Right. He should have been. That's not to knock anybody. Congratulations to everybody. But, but Dwight Howard for a period of time was the top five player. The league. He was, he took a team to a championship. He was the def facto best player on that Orlando no magic team. Right. That went to the finals. That lost to the Lakers in four. Dwight Howard, the damn good player. He's going to the Hall of Fame. I just don't get it. I don't know, man. We, we listen, we, we will never know because they've been going at it for a, Oh, that dude, he did win a championship. He wasn't the best player on the team. He won a championship with the Lakers in the, in 2020. Right. They've been going at it for a while.


They've been going. But, but, But, but so, so what's the We Don't, we don't know. We don't know. We don't know the issue. We don't know what the issue may be. Maybe they, maybe he just doesn't like him. May, maybe he just doesn't like him. But for Okay. Why? Oh, now That, I mean, for in order for you not to like somebody Ocho the guys had to done something to you. Yeah. Probably, probably has maybe something we don't know about, maybe behind, behind closed doors. Maybe something privately that we don't know. He just, he just has a, a distaste for him in general. And that's his, then that's his way of letting them know by always jab mad him by always saying something. You know, No, you gotta press down Shaq's Shaq Shaq's the better player.


Nobody's arguing that. Right. He's a four time champion. Three finals. MVPA league, MVPI mean, he's one of the historically great players. But I don't, I don't, I don't, you know, and it, and clearly it bothers Dwight. Dwight, I mean that the drone now. Right. I mean, both, both players got kids. And I, I just, I I just, I just don't get it. I I don't, I really don't. Maybe somebody in the chat can understand it and can, and can, can help me understand. But this has been going on for long enough. May maybe it's the, maybe it's the Orlando, maybe it's the, the Superman thing. Right. I don't know, maybe who's the best big man to, to play in Orlando?


I don't, I don't know. OI don't. And I, I thought about it. I was like, well, damn. Why, why, why Shaq? You know, picking on a man, you know, going back and forth. 'cause I don't, I don't think Dwight's ever said anything to Shaq or, or said anything to or about Shaq. You never know. That's, that's why I said you, you never know. Now, it might not have been said publicly, but you tell the wrong person and to get back to Shaq and they let you know, Hey boy, you know, young, young bull been talking about you, you know? And then, you know, he reacts. That's why I say, you never know. It's always something there. It's always something.


But at this one in time, ojo. Huh? I said at this point in time, Shaq 50 gotta let it go now. And you know, you ain't never too old now for a little Tussle. Yes it is. Yes it is. O come on. It's time out for this now. Y'all grown, y'all, Shaq grown at some point in time. You about to have grown, about to have grandkids and you still punching down on somebody. I just, You Right. I I don't get it. I don't get it. But like I said, bro, every Ocho everybody don't joke. Everybody don't wanna hear you every time something come in your mouth. You talking about me in a negative manner. Right. What's, what's the end?


What, so what do you get out that you better, you, you got more money. You are a better player. You got more championships. You got all these businesses. Shaq got so much going on. Ain't no, I mean, Shaq ain't got no, Shaq don't have to take a backseat when it comes to business. I mean, the way he's been able to parlay his, his, I mean, because think about it. Shaq's a big, I mean, you would, you're not gonna find anybody that big, that jovial. Right. He likes to have fun. He's very philanthropic. He's very generous. He'll help a he'll, hey, get that, get with a, he'll be in a store somewhere and his parents can't get something for the kids. He take care of you. Do You mind if I get that? Yes. He's always been like that big time philanthropy.


And I think it has to be because when he was a kid, he, his parents weren't able to afford things that he could get. And so he never wants a kid to feel like he felt when he was growing up because he couldn't get certain things. So Shaq, if I got, I mean as far as generosity, but Shaq as great as he is. He, he ain't gotta keep doing this to Dwight. It's time to let it go now. This thing been going on for about 10, 15 years. Yeah. That's why I say, listen, at this point, they got a tussle. Now. They ain't got a tussle. Yeah. They, there's too many. That's, but see that's, that's what they want us to do. Wet. We don't see, we don't. When the last time you see two white men going at like this all The time, you don't see the who, who All the videos. I be seeing the video. Who they be going at it?


Oh. I don't know 'em who Personal. Gimme some names. I'm supposed to know em. I say I see you. You didn't even say they going at it, you know. No, you asked me. You don't. You asked me who I see go at it. I say, you said I Ain't, I'm talking about famous people. I ain't talking about somebody fighting on the internet. Oh. I'm talking about famous people. Oh, two famous white people going at it. I'm trying to think, when do you see that? I gotta think about it. Okay, go ahead. Yeah. I'm I, I can't think of nothing right now at the top of my head now. But you know, they be so Why we gotta do that? That's, I I ain't going back.


And I look, they, I like I said, I, I get it. Right. But Shaq, Shaq don't need no cred. Shaq is a standalone. Shaq is Shaq. Yeah. When you say Shaq, you know if they say Shaq Right. You know, they're talking about Shaquila o' need. Right. It it, nothing else needs to be said. Shaq can walk in any room and everybody knows who he is. People do business with him because he's Shaq. Right. And he's a very good businessman. 'cause you know what you get when you bring Shaq in the room, but we don't gotta go back and forth. They laugh at us. I ain't seen Justin Timberlake and Allen Fick go at it and Robin thick go at it. Yet they sing the same kind of songs, but we go at each other.


Yeah. Adele ain't going at Christina Aguilera. She ain't trying to get at, she ain't trying to get at Mariah Carey. We got stuff. I don't know. It's maybe it's just me. Maybe it's just me. Hey, let 'em have, Hey. That's what they wanna do. But I, I'm, I, I don't, I don't, you know, I think we're at a point right now that everybody's making money. Yeah. We ain't got, we ain't, we ain't we. I ain't got, I ain't got, I ain't gotta try to demean somebody that's in this space. I don't feel I gotta demean no black person. Right. I ain't gotta demean nobody, but I'm damn sure not going to demean somebody that's in this, in, in, that's in my space.


Why there's enough for everybody. Ocho did you know 80% of the money that's in circulation has been printed in the last five years. Right. Let that sink in chapter. Listen to me, 80% of the money that's in circulation currently has been printed in the last five years. So in other words, if they're not enough, they'll print some more of it and they lost its value. Sure. But guess what? They'll print some more of it and you can get it right. So I don't feel I need to be negative or talk down or talk, be demeaning or say anything negative about anybody in order to make money. That's just me. I know they go, they, they gonna, they gonna get it together at some point. This after 10, 15 years, you know, maybe, maybe, maybe Dwight could be the big man and maybe Shaq can be the big man.


Say, Hey man, let's, let's get on the call. Let's squash this. Let's, But I think Dwight tried to say, did Dwight say he liked the, like he liked to, you know, have a conversation. Look, I I don't know if any it doesn't, it doesn't really need to be on the podcast. These two men can have I Understand privately Watch this. We need, we don't need, you Know what I'm saying? Don't Joe. Yo, you, hey, y'all go to a private, Hey bro. What, what's the deal with that man? What's going on? I mean, being Superman, you Superman, you big Superman. It ain't, it ain't that serious. Right. Because Marvel of a comic owned at all. So it's not like, it's not like we can, you know, really copyright the name. Yeah. Or benefit off of it. Yeah. So I, that's, that's what I'm get. I just like, look it, it's enough. I, I I, I just hate and I've made the, I I I've been like, man, I ain't there to go back and forth with people.


Right. That look like me and my community and go back and forth. Why? Well, hey, since, since you feel like that, I'm glad you feel like that. So I ain't gotta pay your money, man. Since, since we ain't going, oh Dude, you gotta run me my money. Huh? Run me that. You just said we ain't gotta go back and forth. You don't Wanna go back? No, we, we ain't gonna go back and forth. You gonna go to the bank and bring your ass forward with my money. That's the only back and forth I wanna go with. I don't know. I don't know what you talking about. Talking about. No, that got nothing to do with that. Now your energy. Hold on. Now your energy changed. No, my energy is, you've been talking about your, first of all, you owe me more money too, but I let that slide.


Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey Chad, what are we talking about? Chad? Chad, do y'all remember y'all? Ocho say OBJ, we're gonna have X amount of yards. I let that one slide. I ain't even bring that up. I let it slide. But if you don't bring me, if you don't run me my money pronto, it's gonna be trouble. Trouble. Now come on with it. You Have Apple pay again. Let me try this again. Do you have Apple? Do I got auto pay? Huh? Apple don't owe me. Ocho owe me. Okay, but OCHO uses Apple Pay. So that is my that No, I want Ocho to use OCHO pay.


I don't have OCHO pay. You ain't got OCHO pay. You got O you better have OCHO pay have Or have Apple Pay. I could, I could pack a pay right now. So what's going, what's going to end up happening is, is you not gonna accept my terms in which I'm trying to pay you? Oh. Whoa. Hell no. Wait on hit it. How you gonna owe the bank and tell to tell the bank they gotta accept your terms on which you gonna pay the bank. I'm not the bank. I'm the man with money. I have the bank. If you the bank and I'm trying to pay you my money, I'm giving. Wait, what is So you don't want it. You don't want it. You don't want it? I what you I don't want it. I'm, I'm gonna hold on school for you. How about that? No you don't. Whoa, whoa. So now you telling me my money Draw interest in your pocket.


What the fuck? What? Hey Chad, where they do that at? Am I missing something? I missed. Clearly I missed something. Hey, but listen, and you might wanna to get Apple Pay. It's 2025. The fact that you don't have these, these devices on your phone is beyond me. It, it ain't beyond me. Makes life easy. PayPal, apple Pay Cash app. Vince, didn't I just tell you all my TVs, my Netflix account, my Amazon Ash has an email. Hey, I'll send that. So my thing I'll Ash, I'll send, and sometimes she be having too many accounts on, she gotta turn off one of her TVs so I can watch tv.


Okay. I, I call, I say, hold on. Ash, you watching tv? How many TV you got on? What she talking about? It's my account. I said, but I can't watch tv. Okay. You want me to send, you want me to send the ash? Wow. Why Ash? Did you bet Ash? No, I bet you, but you don't have Apple Pay. Okay, then Pay me. Alright, Listen, I'm trying. Listen, we've been going 10 minutes now. I'm I'm trying to pay you. We ain't been going nothing. I ain't got no money. I don't see no money. And you said money. Listen, money outta sight calls a fight, huh? Yeah, absolutely will. Yeah. I mean, listen, I, I, I don't, and it, it, I don't, I don't, I'm not Hold listen about just down.


No, no, no. I'm not finna change me. I don't got no cash apps. I ain't got all that stuff on my phone. Just download it. Download it. I don't know how to download it. My phone don't take except downloads. You got but my pockets won't You download four files in my pocket? Download that. I'm trying to, but you don't want it. No you're not. Then in a minute, listen, listen. You gonna, you gonna have to get it in blood then you gonna, you have to get in blood. Don't. If I do, lemme up. I uncle you say that. Lemme tell Gee.


Hold on. Give gimme just a second. Take it to my face. I was hopeless. Oh daddy, right there. I hope you say that. Why that bitch? I'm old. You gotta take it. It blows. Yeah. And when you got money, you got my stomach.


We got these too. Don't chop. Oh, hey, what you got my stomach man, please? That, that was funny. Hey, that didn't be my phone. I you say you gonna pay me at the, at the short at, in New Orleans. Okay. All right. I'm gonna bring cash. I'm gonna bring you cash. Matter of fact, before we start the show, before we start the Laugh show, I'm gonna pay your money in front of everybody. I sure appreciate that. Yeah. Babe, please. Oh, shoot. Boy, that was funny. Yeah. I don't wanna mess with them. Tiffany's, but, okay.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Alright, if that's our last segment of the evening, oh, it's time for q and a. Rodrigo Burrito. Is that their real name? Well, whatever. Hey y'all. Hope y'all been having a great start to the new year Ocho pay on 4K and pennies. First of all, you don't realize how heavy 4K in pennies is. That's what you don't realize. That's the thing. Because I had to get a wheelbarrow when I paid Alfred Williams and, and Susan B. Anthony 4,000 in pennies. That's a lot of, that's a lot of pennies. Oh yeah. He don't wanna do that.


He don't wanna die. Aaron on says we got a, we got a foot of snow in just a today and over half here in Cincinnati. What's the worst, worst weather emergency you witnessed? You know what I've been, I've been, I've been, well, you know what, hurricane Andrew in 1994. I, I don't, I don't know if that, I mean obviously that counts as, I mean the the worst thing I've been in is Hurricane Andrew. It it messed Miami up. It messed Miami. Yeah. Down south of Yeah. Homestead. Yeah. Oh, Oh my goodness. It was, it was bad. And that was, yeah, the worst thing I've been into, I've been, I've been in earthquake a few times in LA Yeah. But nothing, you know, to the magnitude of what hurricane Andrew did to did to us down here in South Dakota.


Yeah. Yeah. Obviously if you're in the south, you got tornadoes and you get hurricanes or hurricane a hurricane. David, were you sure Andrew was in, in in 94 8? Andrew might have been in 92. Tcho. Well, I mean 90. I think So. One of, look it up. I think it was 92 because we ended up going down there and playing. We played, I played a, a, a, a celebrity ultimate Frisbee thing down there. It was 92. Okay. Yeah. But Hurricane David, I was in the ice storm in, in Atlanta when they, when they locked the whole city. We have, we have no, no snow trucks, no nothing.


Because we never had anything like that before. And they gridlock the city. That might have been 20, that 2014. Wait, hold on ice. That, that locked the city ice storm. We had a ice storm in Atlanta in 20, I think it was 2014. Huh? The City wasn't prepared. Prepare for a ice storm. No. Hell no. Because we don't get no snow. Like we don't get no weather like that in Atlanta. We prepared Now they got snow trucks that, salt trucks and stuff like that. But boy, that thingt locked the whole city down. Mm. Oh, I'm telling you, I went Ocho 'cause I was, because I was, that was the year the Super Bowl was in New York and I was supposed to go Right.


And my flight was at four 30 and it was, it started, I was like, man, let me go ahead and go. So I left my house at 1:00 PM Right. To go catch a four 30 flight. Wow. I missed a flight by the time I got off the interstate and got back and turned around. Right. I walked in my house at six, 6:00 AM 6:00 AM that Morning. 6:00 AM That's how bad the traffic was. Goy. When I say it locked the city down, if you were in Atlanta at that time, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Right. Locked it. Hey. It was, it was, it was, it was, it was worse than Freaknik.


Nah, Pat dumb said how you holding up in LA and what are your thoughts on another round of Evans versus Latimore? Oh yeah, Man, that thing gonna be epic. Yeah. It's it's gonna be nice. Nah, I'm not, I'm not. Is is he gonna be playing on y'all? Is he? I thought He was Nick. Yeah. La Latimore was hurt last week. I'm not sure. You know, if he's going to play this game. I'm hoping, I'm hoping he does because I think when I, when I think about the commander's secondary, the only person that will be able to match up well against Evans is, is Latimore. Yeah. Is Latimore.


Yeah. I think Latimore should also ask, I'm not sure the d coordinator is for the, for the commander's. He should also ask to follow him is wherever he goes. Yeah. With the lock down the city. Back to what I'm saying, I had a generator. So my whole house was operational. Right. I was the only one on my block. The house was operational because I had a generator. So like if the power goes out within five seconds, my generator run and it'll run. Just continue to run. Okay. And if something goes wrong with, it'll signal, send a signal out and they'll come, you know, if it needs gas or whatever the case may be. Right. But I was, I was great, you know, great, great, great, great. I love ran outta food. Hold on. You had Ran outta food, you had anybody over there with you or you were solo?


Nah, I didn't have anybody come out. I offered my neighbors right across the street from him. Mr. Charles and Miss Mary Rest or So Miss Mary passed a couple years ago, but they, I always looked out for them. So I, I always, you know, made sure they was okay. I would go check on 'em if I hadn't seen him in a couple of days. Right. I go knock on the door, you know the dogs love him. I have, you know, I let the dogs out and they see Mr. Charles in his yard. They run across the street and you know, he'd pet 'em and everything like that. But, but no, no, no one came over. I think we were outta of power. We were probably out of power about three or four days. I think a lot of people went and got hotels on Joe. So, but nah, I was, you know, I always check on them. I said if they need anything, they were elderly.


Couple didn't have the kids weren't really wasn't around. I mean, they would come but by the time it was gonna be right a couple of days. 'cause I think they had one like, I think they had like two daughters. I think one was injected and I don't know where the other was, but you know, but I looked out for 'em. Sheldon Post said Ocho, your knowledge of basketball over the year had to improved tremendously. You admitted yourself, your knowledge of basketball. Not up to par, but listening to you on Point. First take ready for you. Hey yo. I'm like, yeah. I'm like, I'm like Joy ano, you know, I'm like Joy ano. I'm like unc rap in one, you know, with a little bit of Doris Burke, you know that's me Ocho you know what time it is?


What? It's 9:00 PM West Coast Time. Yep. So that means it's your birthday East Coast time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You see, you see vibrating. You know we celebrating. You can't see me Where you go. So chat. Y'all wish Happy birthday, happy birthday to ocho. Yeah. Yeah. This what? Hey, this what 57 look like? You hear me? Huh? It this what 57 look like? Too bad you ain't be able to shake the covers on your birthday. Oh, nothing worry. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I can shake some cover in that.


'cause I got, I I see, I see you back. I see, I see that night camp sign. Yeah. I'm at, I'm at my place now. Listen, I can No, you at your place. You at that place? No. No. I'm not. Remember I'm, I'm in my left. I'm in this. Oh. This is a new spa. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't play. I don't play. You know, I gotta stand off business. Yeah. Now if, if you see that Christmas tree behind me, then you know where I'm at. You was there the other day? Yeah, I was There the other day. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they, they be, they begged me to come over. Yeah. Oh boy. The man Old Bend the me. You know what? Not me. Not me. 'cause I, I'm standing of business. Hey, saying Nightcap. You guys are doing great work.


When there's a du moment, you guys are here keeping it real and motivating. I effing love you Ocho. Hey, I love you too, sir. I Hey too. He don't rub me. My money ain't gonna be much to love on. Hey. A, he, he need to break bread. NFL matchup highlight says what's up Uncle Ocho just wanted to know y'all thoughts about Sean Taylor and how he compared to Ed Reed. Troy. Paolo, Marlo. He was well, or if he was even better. I remember Ocho saying Sean gave him multiple concussions. Yeah. Look, I was, I retired the year he got drafted. Sean Taylor got drafted. I retired so I didn't play against him. Right. He was a phenomenal player. Yeah, he was good. The greatest safety that I ever played against, that I took off on film is Ed Reed.


Yeah. Now, that's not a knock on no other safety, and I'm sure there are some great ones. Troy. I played against Troy as a rookie, but Ed Reed is the greatest safety that I ever, that I ever saw with my own two eyes that I ever took off on field. Yeah. Listen, obviously I had to deal with Ed for a decade straight man, two times a year. Ed, probably the greatest safety of all time. Troy Poll. Marlo is right up under there. That's if, if I was a one A and one B, it would be Ed and Troy. Obviously I've, I've watched many safety before, before my time. Obviously I didn't get a chance to play against them, but what Ed and what Ed was able to do out there on that field, man, sideline to sideline and just, just his, his understanding of the game.


It was, it was unbelievable. Sean Taylor was different. He was, he was, he was physically imposing. Yeah. He was a big man. 6 3, 2 20 could run. Yeah. Run. Yeah. He just, it was, it was, he was good. I I think he, he was, he was taken from us too early before Yes. We were able to see him reach his full potential. Yeah. You, you, you just wanna know what you saw, what he was, what he was trending towards. Oh yeah. Let's just say he has a 12, 13 year career, then we could fully evaluate right. What he was, we saw where he was headed. But I've never seen a safety take the ball away, like Ed, and turn it into points.


It wasn't good enough for him to take the ball away. He, he wanted to turn it into points, hits it back. He punched it out and scooped it up himself. Whether he picked it, whether he balked the punt, whether he ran a punt back. I've never seen a guy turn off, turn defense into offense like Ed Reed could. And listen, if he can't score, he gonna pitch it back. They'll pitch the ball back time just to make sure they make it to the end zone. Young Willie will said, what's up, Shannon Ocho, can I get a birthday? Shout out. Yes, you can. Willie. Happy birthday, you and Ocho share a birthday, but if Ocho don't run me my money, get the last one. That's it. Listen, I I hold them hands.


I hold them. I hold them hands work now. Oh, they, as a matter of fact, I had 'em updated yesterday just in case, just in case Cupcake Mama said, Hey guys, my birthday was yesterday. May I get a shout out? I spent it quiet. I spent it quiet and solo. I'm just grateful and thankful for another year. Happy early birthday, Ocho. Yes ma'am. Cupcake mama. Happy belated birthday. You know, sometimes it's, it's okay to spend a birthday. Nice, quiet. Yeah. You know, all that hullabaloo, you know, Hey, that's, that's how I am. I like to spend a nice little quiet evening, you know, maybe shake the covers if I can, if I'm lucky.


You know, I ain't been lucky the last couple of birthdays, but it's okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go lighten near a cigar, man right now. Turn on some Frank Sinatra, you know, relax on the balcony and kick my feet up. And, you know, think about the good time. Think about the younger years and, and, and thank, and thank God, you know, for, for seeing. Think about what you can't do no more. What play Football J two 13 said, Hey, uncle, no Cho, hope all is well. I pray you have great holiday season. My question is, is which social media platform do you think is the most detrimental to society? Fuck, man.


I mean, shoot, society was, There's good and bad. There's good, I mean, there's some good things, there's some good aspects about social media, but there's some also some bad things. And people, sometimes you, and that's always the case. People have always, anything that was made for good people have some way, found a way to turn it into bad. And that's just, that's, that's just who we are as a society. That's just the way society is. All the misinformation, all the hatred and all the vitriol that gets spread through social media. Somebody says something because before ocho, before social media, when you printed something, you know, like newspaper did, you had to get a couple of sources, two or three sources, right?


It had to be vetted. Right. Or because you was, you was worried about, you know, you was worried about getting sued for defamation of liable, but now on social media, man, that ain't spread. Whatever. Yep. And, and if you a public figure, it's, it's harder to sue for defamation and liable. And they know that because you are a public figure. So they'll say things and they try to skirt it and try to parse it with certain things, but we just, man, we just, we've become angrier. We've become more hateful. Yeah. More spiteful. Yes. We just, we just don't, we just don't care for one another. And it's, it's sad that this is what it's come to.


You gotta, you gotta adapt for the times, baby. You gotta adapt for the times. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, oh, congrats on being nominated for Entertainer of the Year by the naacp. I'm proud of you. Happy birthday to my first cousin OCHO doc. Thank you so much. It was a, it's an honor to be nominated for the NAACP Entertainer of the Year Image Award. A lot of hard work winning that. Congratulations to the team at Club Shesha for the war. Hard work that you've done. Appreciate all your hard work, CJ and your staff over there. So man, congratulations and, and thank you guys because none of this is possible without you be it Nightcap Club, Shehe, me being on first, take whatever my ventures are.


You guys have been very, very supportive. So I, I wanna thank you for making all this possible. I know, I, I remember at the end of 23, I said that 24 is gonna be great. It's even better than I could have imagined. Yeah. Better way, better way, way, way, way better. And so thank you guys. Thanks Doc. Again, thank you NAACP for the nomination. Congratulations to all the nominees. Everybody. Everybody is deserving. But I wanna thank the fans because you guys made it possible. Blam. What's up Uncle Ocho? My name is Dehaun and today's my birthday too.


I'm shaking covers and smoking cigars all weekend long. How do you guys like to celebrate birthdays? Much love. Be more go flock. Happy birthday, Deshaun. Happy birthday, man. I'm just little quiet. I wanna go get a workout that morning. Obviously, you know, my family gonna call. The kids are gonna call my brother and sister called my mom. Always call me and talk about, she called me on the phone talking about Shannon. You know who this is? No mama. I have no idea who this is. So she gonna call me. What your happy birthday? But, you know, go work out.


Just go Nia ocho. I ain't, I ain't no big celebratory guy. Oh No. I'm, I'm, I'm, I think we the same. We the same. I don't, you have to beg me to even have a dinner. You better surprise me or trick me into, into, into thinking we doing something or we going, I'm not into that. I'm not doing no clubs. I'm not doing no parties. I'm not doing any large gatherings. Gimme a cigar, gimme some coffee. Cafe gonna leche, gimme a latte, gimme some Starbucks. Let me kick my feet up. Listen to some music. Smoke me a cigar. And I'm content. Obviously now on my birthdays, I go see my grandma, my mama at the graveyard. Sit there, talk to them, talk to them for a little bit Outside of that.


They buried. They buried next to each other. Yeah, Right next to each other. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, that's it. I'm, I'm good. Dominique Paul. Shout out to Ash. Got that LaPorte order figured out. Only matter of times till I, we paired that with them. Sparks, thunder, lightning. Yeah. The fact them little sparks now. Them sparks. They, they got 'em right. That's the right name for now. Five. Gotta get me some of them. Today was my birthday. Happy birthday Divo. Damn. Everybody got a birthday. I many people, I mean, Capricorn season.


Yeah. Sup A j Za More's up. Uncle Ocho big fan. Day one. Support of love. We c Punk. And the other night, happy birthday Ocho Love from Texas. That's it. To, to everyone celebrating a birthday today. Happy birthday. Hopefully. Hopefully you do something fun. You enjoy, you spend it with family, friends, and loved ones and you realize, yes, you was born on this day, 25 years ago, 35 years ago, 40 years ago, whatever the case may be. Just be thankful that God allowed you to see another one. Hmm. Because there are a lot of people that had appointment, they getting out, getting, didn't get an opportunity to reschedule it.


Hmm. So happy birthday. Hopefully it was safe, enjoyable, pleasant from the Nightcap family. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, that guy. Liberty City's on Bingo ring of Fame, ought to read the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Guys, you have helped us grow immensely and for that OCHO and I can't thank you enough. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your continued support. Because of you, you allow us to be who we are and you allow Nightcap to grow expeditiously day after day, month after month, year after year.


So here at the Nightcap family, we want to thank you. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock, the he the holiday season. It's not done yet. We got Valentine's Day, we got St. Patty's Day, we got a number. And there's so much to be thankful for. What better way to celebrate any occasion than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. And if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, just order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door and please drink responsibly. Go check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and the clothing company. 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just happened last month. New shirts, sweats, beanies, cos and mugs.


Quantities unlimited. Oh, here's the bug. Y'all see that? And the beanies. What? What y'all do with my, oh, because you over here taking with stuff, Quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies Last. Tickets for the Super Bowl show is the New Orleans is our first spring tour stop. And it's in New Orleans. The Thursday before the Super Bowl tickets are on sale now.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. We got guests lined up. You don't wanna miss this one. This is gonna be epic and the Super Bowl weekend, our hearts go out to everyone impacted by the fires in Los Angeles. Hopefully you're safe. I know a lot of people that's lost homes, cars, possessions, lost everything. But you still have life and that can't be replaced. So our hearts and thoughts and prayers go out to everyone impacted by the fires, the wildfires that's ravaging our Los Angeles and surrounding areas. The calves in the Thunder 15 game wind streak.


And there was a battle between the league's two top teams. The Cavaliers moved to 32 and four. Okay, city thunder fall to 30 and five. The Cavaliers win 1 29 to 1 22. They got a big outing from Jared Allen who had 25 points, 11 rebounds at six assists. Evan Mobley had 21 points, 10 rebounds and seven assists. And they needed it because Donvan McNabb had a, had a cold night shooting. He was three or 16 from the floor, two or seven from the field from the three point line. And he only had 11 points. But Derrick Darius Gardner chipped in with 18. Wade had 11, and Todd Jerome had 15. Max Spruce had 17 as they win 1 29, 1 22 Snap.


The 15 game winning streak by the OKC Thunder. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm Unc Heath Ocho, we'll see you tomorrow. Thanks for joining us. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.