
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all blitzing glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any other action at Draftking Sports Book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the octagon with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with JAB Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us. The Lakers win Clin, a playoff spot. One more win in their final three games and they're the number three seed. They win one 12 to 97. Luca was very emotional, but guess what? He was able to control those emotions. 48 points. Eight rebound six. It says four steals. He was sensational.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today.


Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner, Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your continued support because without you, there could be no Nightcap And we would not enjoy the level of success that we do. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of it platforms. Wanna thank you again. We've been nominated for six Weby Awards, the Weby Awards, Shannon Sharpe, best entertainment creator, best sports creator in club, Shesha best creator slash influencer series, Nightcap Best Sports show, best video series, and best Live podcast recording. I've also, I wanna thank all of you guys. I've been nominated for an Emmy award. Could not have done it about you. Got some stiff competition. I mean, we got some real stiff competition, but just the fact, yeah, I would love to win the award. I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that I wouldn't, but it goes to show you that your support, your continued watching, all of my stuff, I greatly appreciate that.


And it does not go unnoticed, not only by me, but by the voting who votes on these very prestigious awards. The link is in our bio. Please go vote. Voting ends April 17th, go check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pin in the chat. Supplies are very limited, so once they're gone, they're gone. Please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour went on sale couple of weeks ago. Our stops are Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la Miami, NYC Chicago. We close it out on the road in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour.


That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the la in our chat Guest lineup is starting to shape up real nice, so hurry out and get your g hurry up and get your tickets right now. We've got a special guest joining us. He's played a number of years on many different teams. You know him known as a lockdown defender, but he was Mr. Basketball, if I'm not mistaken, in the state of Illinois, averaged 33 points a game. But that's what he says. I mean, I ain't seen no, I ain't seen no, no tape. I ain't seen nobody's, but that's what he said. And I gotta take him at his word. He ain't never lied to me before, never talked to him before either. But hey, first time to lie for everything. Here he is, ladies gentleman, pat Bell, pat ba. What did he do?


Thanks for having me, miss do. Oh, good to see you, brother. Thank you guys. You watched the game last? Yeah, I listen, I Go ahead. What you say with Joe? I, I'm gonna say I appreciate you joining, man. Listen, I've, I've always been a fan, You know, for, for for many a years, man, I hadn't had a chance to actually get a chance to sit down and talk to you. We was pulled, we were supposed to meet up and, and talk not too long ago at, at one of the, at one of the games. But we, we were interrupted. So I'm glad to have you on the show. You was, you was at a game, somebody on the other 10. The Philly, the Philly game.


Philly game, right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We supposed to chop it up then. I appreciate y'all man. Thanks for having me. I'm a big fan of the show. I mean, it's, it's, it's first off, it's, You know, it's inspirational. You know, before we even start the show, just all the ads that you read off that you were part of to be able to do it. So no, for real, because if, You know, You know, but we do it with football to, You know, translate that to me without demising yourself, with, with, with, with, with you. Continue being you. That's a, that's a, that's, that's a big biggest big accomplishment. So that's impressive.


And I think our listeners and our viewers, they know when we first started this OCHO And I didn't have any ads and OCHO was getting upset. I said, You know what, Ocho we are not gonna complain about it. We're gonna be so good. They gonna have no choice but to come. I say, we know, we know we do what we do. We do what we good at. We become great at what we're good at, and they're gonna have to come because the people that watch us, the people that listen to us, they're gonna leave 'em no choice. And slowly but surely, we kept building, we kept building OCHO And I, we just got better and better. We gave the people what they were looking for. We talk about sports, but we, but the stories is what captivated the people. And so it's, it's not a, it's not an easy process.


People think that you just have a camera and a microphone and everything. It, it's okay. It, it is not quite that simple. And I think people that starting or trying to get into this business, understand there's a lot of work, there's a lot of foundation that has to be laid and cemented before you can start to grow it. But it, it couldn't be Well, and that's why I always thank our fans before we start the show and before we end the show. I always thank the fans because it's because of them. You see, OCHO got that big old sign Boost Mo saw the work that we was doing and the, the, the views and the, the dimensions and the likes that we were generating and they thought it was a great combination. And so do we. So we thank all of our sponsors and advertisers and, and, and companies that have signed on that believe in not only Nightcap, but Club Shehe and everything under the Shehe media.


So we greatly appreciate that. Pat Bell tonight, the Lakers win one night, one 12 to 97. You, you've been in the NBAA very long time And you seen a lot of tributes when guys return. I don't know if I've ever seen a tribute where the guy was as emotional as Luca Doni was. He was literally crying on the sideline, which lets me know he was probably more invested in Dallas than Dallas was invested in him because they chose to move on to a guy that's giving you 28, 8 and eight over career and averaging 32 in the playoffs. But were you su were you surprised that, at how emotional he was and how he was able to channel those emotions and go out and do what he did?


So you, you as an athlete, Like You know how it is when you first get drafted to a team and you've had, you've had failure and you've had success there. Like you were able to get something, you were able to build something, right? Especially us as us as athletes, whatever the role may be. Yep. Him getting emotional may be surprising to a lot of people. But when you're forced to leave and you're not ready to leave. Yes. A a a lot of fans don't know how that feels Right. To getting so close right. To getting so close to man, we almost won a championship. We we're one piece away, two piece away from a championship to get that close and to turn around and and be blindsided you.


Right. You know, like, I think it's the, the the, the smoke there with the, the communication part, right? I think that was the most like, man I did everything you guys wanted me to do. You, you guys couldn't tell me. You feel me? So mixed with all that. I mean the emotion is bound to come out, but hey listen, he was emotional before the game and he was emotional in the game. Belt felt ocho You know, Ocho Pat be, me and Ocho talk a lot. It's kinda like a relationship. The relationship is most, is most hurtful to the person that doesn't wanna lead the relationship. See if you ready to get our relationship, ain't no skin off your back. You ready to bounce. But when you are not ready to let said individual, be the man or the woman is hard And you like, what can I do well in a situation like this, because Luca, they didn't, they blind, as you mentioned, they blindsided him.


It wasn't nothing Luca can do because the trade had already gone through. So now, You know, a lot of times in a relationship, well, hey, I'll do this. I'll be better. I won't go out as much with the boys, I'll do this, I'll do that. So it hurts the individual that doesn't wanna leave the relationship. But to see him, that emotional Pat Bev, it tells me he did not wanna leave. Even though he was going to the Lakers, which is one of the, probably the most storied franchisees in Boston in the Knicks, the most storied franchises in the NBA, even though he was going there, he is like, bro, this is my home. I I think he had just built a what? Just a, a closed on a $15 million pad or something out there in Dallas.


He didn't wanna leave. Yeah. And all of a sudden y'all come up with all these reasons. I don't care what it was, bro. Do y'all see the numbers? I just took you to the NBA finals two years ago. We was in the Western conference finals and this is what you think of me. It's only a couple people And I don't, I don't think people understand this. And Mr. Ochocinco, it, it's only a couple people that average 32 points in the playoffs. Yeah. Mm. Him and Jordan and one of 'em didn't have no, and one of 'em didn't have no hair on his head. It's Only A couple of those. Yeah. And so, You know, You know what, pat, You know what that like, you Gotta, you got, Listen, you, You know what that tells me, pat, You know, I, I've said it before.


If there, if, if this was a crime, if this trade and Anthony Davis leaving the Lakers and going to Dallas and Luca coming to the Luca coming to the Lakers, if this was a crime whoever's responsible for will get life in jail. That's how, that's how bad this trade was. That's how, that's how bad it was. It's ridiculous for Luca to go out there tonight to, to have that tribute, to have him cry and be emotional then to have 31 to have and finish the game with what, 48 on. He finished with 48, 45, 0 4 To finish with 45, 45, 45, 86 with four steals. Man, that, that's ridiculous. And then every time he touch the ball, you, you playing in Dallas and everybody cheering.


Oh yeah. Then you got, then you got the chance going on and then you got the chance about, You know, insulting five. Yeah. Get outta by Nicole. Come on. My, it's, it's ridiculous. It's, it's ridiculous man. And, and it is criminal. The fact that this even went through for a play of that caliber just based on some personal things that they didn't see fit and giving him the type of money he was gonna get in a year or two. See, I Like, I like the, I like to look at it like this, right? We've all seen the stories of, of when a player leaves And you see fans burning jerseys, right? Oh yeah. You see, you see, you see fans, you gotta put security outside to be an athlete and to see the opposite of that, to see the fans gather together around the athlete, right.


And kinda, and kind of go at the, the top management, it's ref refresh, right? You feel me? I wouldn't say it's fair, I just say it's refreshing. This is what's being reported. According to Tim McMahon of ESPN team sources have said trading local will likely cost the team nine figures, hundreds of millions of dollars over the next few years. This season, the mavericks are expected to lose millions due to the dwindling crowds, plummeting merchandise sales and sponsors severing ties with the franchise in the wake of the trade, numerous fans have canceled their season tickets and the Mavericks appear no closer to making amends with the fan base than they have that they have deeply hurt this season.


Well, it's impossible to repair that. And you can't get it back And You can't, you can't get it back. It's possible because you gotta think about it, this is the biggest trade because we've never seen a guy this young, this talented, that didn't ask to be traded to get traded. Kareem asked to get traded, Shaq left, there have been other guys. LeBron moved, KD moved, but to trade a guy at 26, averaging 28, 8 and eight, averaging 32 in the playoffs And you moving, we've never seen anything like this. And we might not ever see it again because normally these guys like Luca and LeBron and Steph and the greats, magic and Bird and Kareem and Jordan, they don't come along.


But once every 15, 20 years you got him generational. You got him the thing, what makes it so credible, pat bam, is that you got him under contract and he doesn't wanna go anywhere. Yeah. And you moving, Listen, I I, Hey, hey Pat, you might know better than me. Your, your eyes and your ears are still to the NBA and do You know if what Luca was doing away from the court, away from the game of basketball? Because the issue definitely had nothing to do with him. What he was doing on the court was what he was doing off the court, really that bad to justify them moving him a player of this magnitude that you just said average 32 in the playoffs.


And there's only one of a few, a few people that have been able to do that. Was he what he was doing? Was it that bad to really say, You know what, we gonna move on from him and send him to the Lakers and not tell anybody and just deal with the ramifications on the back end. So You, you, you, you have to understand. So I I, I spent some time in Europe And I was able to deal with some, some really, really, really, really, really good Europeans. Right. And I dealt with a guy named Milos Ted Dosage. Milos Ted Dosage. He had to have a couple cigarettes in his mouth after the game. But that's just how he relaxed. Right, right. That was his, that was his euro step. Right.


Everybody got something. Right. Everybody got something. So that was his something. I don't know if it was similar to any of that. Obviously we seen a video. He drinking a, a cold one after a big wind with his pops. Somebody comes over, Mike Finley comes over, take beer outta his hand. You know, we hear things about overweight, we hear things about, okay, he keeps getting hurt because he drinks like he other. Right, right. We, we hear those things, but you really don't see him. Right. You, you don't see him. It's just you, you hear him. So like if that, if, if you can do all of that and if that doesn't affect your play And you still showing up, not people forget, not only does he show up, he shows up at the biggest lights there is every single time.


Every single time. Like tonight. Yeah. And it's only at, y'all know, right. Y'all been in the Pro Bowl, y'all been in the spotlight. Y'all, y'all know how it is to motherfucker get that catch. You see that light on you, you run until you can't sit run no more. Right. He's doing, he's doing all that right in front of our eyes. 26 years old. Generational talent. Yes. You let go, you let go. I don't think, You know what, me personally, I think we use the term generational, but he's a transcendent talent. Transcendent magic Jordan, Kareem, LeBron. Right. The guys that we're gonna be talking about for two generations.


So our kids kids gonna be talking about this like, hold on, wait a minute. I mean the guy had a 60 20 point, a 60 point 20 rebound a t assist game. He got he be driving Petrovich vibe. Yeah. How, I mean, how many, like he's got like what, 40, 40 point games now is crazy how great he is. I I was telling OCHO Pat Bell when I first got in the league, guys used to smoke all the times. I saw Greg Townes with the Raiders at halftime. He outside sitting on his and smoking a cigarette. I'm like, I'm like, if didn't really happening.


Yeah guy, I mean there are guys on our team that would, Hey, we get a break, they go to the truck and smoke a cigarette. Right. Hey, they go fired up. It didn't bother me. Yeah, because they at the front of line. We doing wind sprints. They in first. So hell, I I'm thinking I need to start smoking so I can keep up with their ass. Yeah. So, Hey, I, I tell you, listen, I tell you what, based on the s performance tonight, somewhat of a precious situation. I wouldn't really call it a playoff atmosphere, but I can tell you this, I can tell you this pac, we got Beverly Hills, we got Beverly Center, we got Pat, Beverly, You know, leg five, Jason kid, Billy kid.


Y'all saw what Luca did. Leg fired. Hey. And, and, and see y'all gotta understand I played against him, right? Yeah. I got troph, I got trophies at home. My first team, two second teams, I only just got one trophies. I got a couple. Okay. I guard, I guarded him in the playoffs. Oh, when you were the Clippers. When I listen, when I tell you And I guard, I guarded all of 'em. You know, I done guarded from Steph Curry to Kyrie to LeBron James to me trying to, trying to guard yo in the post. I didn't try to guard everybody. Huh? He was, he was different. Wow. It's his, it's his skill mixed with his ability to put the ball in a basket at a high rate mixed with Elite iq.


If this work, I'm gonna keep doing it until it don't work. Right


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack both played by Michael B. Jordan return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need this NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts And you can't speed up up. I'm about to pat, I'm not about to dribble in front of you Pat bro, I'm gonna post you all day long.


I saw you guys when he was with the Clippers early in his career. Y'all had elite defenders. You pg Kawhi and he's still dropping 30 and four. I'm like, hold on, wait a minute. I mean Kawhi is a two time defensive player of the year. He's an all NBA defender. Pat pg all NBA defender. Pat BA told you his accolades and he, he got three. He is like, Hey, okay Pat, send me pg pg you better go get Kawhi. It was, it was nothing we could do. It was absolutely nothing. We can do it. Got to a point halfway through the series on we say it, You know what, scratch just let him score 50.


We just go see if anybody else can beat it. You want everybody else, huh? Oh yeah. It was trouble. Nah, he like you say, he's a different talent. He's a different talent and, and JJ Reddick, I don't think he gets enough credit. I don't think JJ Reddick gets enough credit. The Lakers facing throughout the entire system has to be probably some of the best facing we done seen. Yeah. They have three really good ball handlers and creators and I'm adding Austin Reeves to that. Yeah, they can say what they Yeah, I'm adding Austin Reeves to that boy Cahoot. Yeah. They be sleeping on him like that. They look at it because he white pat bear and think he can't he cooking for and that's how he get killed. And I know y'all know it was a one defender that probably guarded y'all or one ride receiver that y'all seen in practice that was like, Hey man, hold on.


He he different. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And You know, You know what's funny? You know what's funny when, when watch watching Luca as well. When you think about all the superstars And you watch the Kobes, the Michael Jordans, there's something flashy about their game. There's something flashy about their game And you can see it, You know, whether it be the skillset. But when I watched Luca, it almost seems as if he's moving a slow motion. When you look at it from tv it's like, well that looks so easy. That move was so easy. It's not flashy, but every God thing he does is effective and it goes in half the damn time. Yeah. I think the thing is what you talk about when you talk about those guys, pat Bevin, correct me if I'm wrong, when you talk about the elite, the one thing they had was supreme athleticism.


We see Luca now we see Yoic And you are like, I know right now with two repaired hips and a bad knee, I cannot jump Luca and Yoki. I bet you my bird Burt hiding both of those. But I tell you what, you not gonna speed them up. They're gonna go at their pace. And as Pat Bev said, they know how to put the ball in the basket at a supreme lever level A a level over and over and over again. And because they can pass wherever you bring the double team from, they know where that man, that that level that left to come double him. They know where he has on the court. So now they can snap past it. They, you see Mookie do this all the time.


He go and he pass it behind his head because he knows there's a guy over there or he'll clear cross court. And when you got him, you got LeBron High IQ And you got Officer Reed that Pat Bev said that can handle the ball and can pass out of Officer Reeves not get the third defender, your third best defender gotta guard Officer Reeves because you two best defenders. Yeah, they better, one better take Luca and the other take LeBron And you hope and pray they have a off night because if they don't, you got nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing. Absolutely nothing. The defending off the bench from the wing position is really good.


Their ability to get to generate great shots. Yes. Not, not, not, not. I'm a dribble 15 times and I'm gonna shoot a step back. Right. You might see that from Luca from time to time. But their ability to get the pain by posting by by playing what without dribbling is pry himself. Pat, your your your wifi glitchy, I wanna read this.


The Mavs tried to line up sponsorship deals with a few of Lucr brand partners for tonight's game. But Lucas Camp rejected the idea. Team sources told ESPN that the Mavs had also lined up a lucrative sponsorship deals for Wednesday's game with multiple companies that Duch endorses. But those deals fell apart after DCH camp declined to give his blessing pointing noted that he now plays for the Lakers. I mean you got, you got some, you got some eight figure deal and Luke said, nah, I'm good. I Hey, hey Pat, I don't give a damn how mad I am. You mean to tell me you got eight figures for your boy, let me get at that.


I'm I'm getting, I'm getting all 10 deals, all deals that, that, that start with 10 and go up. I gotta have that. I got, I gotta have that, gotta have that, gotta have that. Definitely gotta have that. Yeah. But these are the type of deals that could send you back for a long period of time. Now I think they're gonna be okay because you gotta think about it now without Kyrie, Now you get Reback who's the Supreme score who will be unbelievable with ad in the pick and roll. I think they're gonna be okay. I think they're gonna be okay Pat. I really do. But yeah, Luca mayor, I just, I just from a, from a, from a, from a standpoint of, from a standpoint of like, okay, we see the trade, we hear the fire Nico, but we in his defense, right?


'cause everybody had a day, right? Every, everybody had a day in his defense, how does this look five years from now? Right? How does this look five years from now? Like, we seen how it looked before Kyrie got hurt right before Kyrie got hurt. They didn't lose a guy. Yep. Right. So I mean, so so it it was just bad timing and it was, it was a lot of bad luck and a lot of bad timing with that. You know, the trade happens and damn near the whole team go down, You know, so, but we gotta, everybody got their day. Let's, let's see, let's see two to three. The question is, are they gonna give Nico? Because look, people keep blaming Nico, pat, Bev, You know this a deal of this magnitude. You going all the way to the top.


This is what we got. Now, next year, this year or next year, we're gonna have to give this man a supermax contract, which is five years. $345 million. Yeah, you give it to em expeditiously. I agree. See ad I told you is gonna want is gonna want a three year deal at a supermax number at 193, maybe 200 million. You wait one second, you wait, we got, we gotta take care of something over here first. Okay. Because at a, at a a time ad was taken care of first and somebody else had to wait. Correct? Right, right. So that's the pecking order.


And you, you got Kyrie coming up too. Okay, well at after Luca re we gonna get to you ad we gonna get to you after that. Wow. We talk about pecking order though. Yep. This is if, if if all of us is GMs, I believe that tho that'd be the pecking order. Alright. Ain't get rid of Luca, right? Yeah, exactly. Exact same way here. Hold on. If all of us was GMs, Luca would still be in Dallas. I'm talking about We'll, we'll be, we'll be trying to decide what new Blue we go well in not jerseys. Look here, if I got Luca, he could come in with a keg. I'll put his ass in the game. Hey, as a matter of fact, he wanna smoke.


Well you can't smoke in the building, but I was saying, hey, I'm have a designated area. Hey Luca, go get your cup of pool. Hey, get a man a vaping pen or something. Hey pen. And I have some beer waiting for him back every game. What bin you want? Hell man. Yeah, yeah. But so, but we still got time to see, we gotta see how Nico, You know, he pulled this off, he might pull something else outta the sleeve. So you gotta give everybody got they day. So Nico have his day. Yeah. Pat, as I mentioned earlier, if the Lakers win one more of their final three games, they get the number three seed. Yeah. The scenario. What would be the worst first round matchup for the Lakers? Would it be the Clippers? Would it be the Warriors? Would it be the Nuggets?


Would it be the Grizzlies or Minnesota? Who do you think the worst case scenario matchup for them would be? So it it, it was different from a long, like from a long time it was different. I felt like the older LeBron got, the younger the league got and everybody just kept picking on the Lakers, picking on the Lakers, picking on the Lakers. Right. Taking advantage. Right. Taking advantage of the Lakers. Yeah. I'm, I ain't gonna lie, huh? This might be one of the, 'cause You know you get that, that that that team in the playoffs, it ain't about schemes. It ain't about plays. It's all about size. It's all about mashups. Yep. Right. Half corset, it's all about size and mashups who can generate the most points?


Half court. What the Lakers can do with the, with those, with that team, with that coach, with those three ball handlers. I think they are mismatched for everybody in the west. No one, no one in the west can guard Luke. No, nobody. No. We seen it. We we've seen it. Like we've seen it. We've seen it and Phoenix when they got them outta there. Yep. We, we we seen it. Like we, we, okay, come on Minnesota, Rudy Goldberg come you player of the year. All y'all young too. All right, come here, let me holler at you. We've seen it And we saw what we did the KC last year. We've seen it like it ain't like it's a surprise. Like we actually watched it on tv like damn and Luca done gave em 30 again.


Like we've seen it. So like I think the Lakers might be that. I think the Lakers are that team. I think they're bad. No one wants to see the Lakers. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Now Pat. Now listen, I've heard, I've heard many discrepancies when come to the Lakers about their, their their them not having a big, do you not see or worry about them not having a big, when they face certain teams, especially the teams that unc name and only being able to go small and when they do have to go big, LeBron sometimes having to go down to the five Jackson hay not playing as many minutes at the five and sometime being in foul trouble. So my thing is this, LeBron is naturally at the age he is and how his body is made up.


He's naturally a four, five-ish type anyway right now. Right. Because the league is changing, right. Not because of skillset, because the league is changing, right. He can be the backup four, he can be the backup five on any, any really good team. Right? My thing is, it's it's ways to defend a rim without having a shot blocker. If you, if you got, if you tighten that, if you tighten those gaps up And you make these teams shoot threes ball, don't get in the paint. If you got these defenders like Rui and Rui was great tonight. He by the way he was, was phenomenal. He was phenomenal. You talk about Benny Smith Jr. You talk about Vanderbilt, right? You talk about these wings, they all look the same size, they all dive on the floor. They all got a little, little muscle in the little gristle to 'em, right?


You talk about these guys, you don't need rim, you don't need rim protection if they can't get to the paint. You don't need, you don't need rim protection. Mm. Okay. And the thing is, you're gonna get great and to half court, you're gonna get great shots because eventually, And you saw this tonight, you saw this against OKC, you see this a lot. They gonna blitz Luca. They gotta get, they gonna make him give it up. If you don't, he gonna punish you. There's not a defender that can deal with Luca 1 0 1. You've gotta make him give it up and you'll find out early on how soon you gonna have to make him give it up because he's going to test you because he gonna hit, he gonna shoot a couple of step backs early to see if he can feel it. Now when you defend that, now he gonna get by you. He going stop, you gonna rear-end him and he gonna bid off and one.


So you soon you'll start blissing making him give it up. But he's giving the ball up to LeBron James. He's giving the ball up to Officer Reeves, let that sink in for the first time. LeBron James is gonna go into a playoff series and he's the second best player on his team and 20 took it 22 years for it to happen Pat Bell. But now he's the second best player on the team. And that's not, that's not because LeBron is a, a lack of talent or anything. Right? Right. That's not because of that. That's just because they have some other really good playmaking prove over there, Luke legit. Right? Right. And people don't understand when it comes to basketball, like spacing and, and especially in the playoffs, spacing and rebounding are the probably the two most incredible things that you have to do.


Rebounding. Like I break it down in football terms. You get hand on that ball, that ball get loose, you can't drop ball, you can't fumble ball. Not this game. Right? Not this game. You could get, get away with it. I don't care how you do get away, but this game you can't do it. Rebounding is exactly the same way. So if you double teaming Luca, right, you got two guys on him, he passes it out to a guy who misses a three. Now you're rebounding the shot. Yep. Right? That's, that's the, that's the, the, the, the, the the give you get from from from trapping. Okay. You guys might trap, we might, you might have to shoot a shot that the guy can't shoot, but we gonna get a good rebound now. 'cause y'all space that stuff, right. Those who know basketball, that's what the, that's what the Warriors do. See people think because the warriors are small, they can't rebound it.


Well if you just playing conventional basketball, you would be absolutely correct. But because they shoot the three and now you're scrambling because they swing the ball And you trying to run somebody off, you're out of position. The ball goes up. Now you scrambling now Moody Pod Draymond. Yeah. Moody Draymond. Yeah. All those guys are getting, are getting rebounds And you like, well damn how this little ass team out rebounding us by 10. You look up, you're like, damn, we got our rebounding by this small ass team. Yes. Yeah. And because like you said, they got three guys that could pass. And the thing is, if the Lakers be, look, normally when the bench gives them like 20 points, the Lakers are hell to beat because You know you are gonna get at least somewhere between 75 and maybe 90 from the big three.


Yeah. You are gonna get that if you get 20. Yeah, agreed. They're gonna be hard to beat. They're gonna be hard to beat. Yeah. And really if you go back and look at the West, the only big, the only one team that have a big, that could punish the Lakers and that's yolk. That's it. I'm not worried about, look, I'm not worried about hard and Stein, I'm not worried about chant, I'm not worried about, I'm not worried about anybody big in the west other than Yolk. The question is, the problem with Denver is that seems like when Jamar Murray get to the playoffs, he like, oh, I'm supposed to be Magic Johnson. I'm supposed to be one of these all time historic great guards. And he goes crazy, especially against the Lakers.


Yeah. Yeah. But I think, I think this year though, guy ain't gonna lie to you. I think this year you, y'all know we all athletes, right? We all, we all have done it. I don't care how good your team is, if there's any type of dark cloud, any type of negative energy. Right? Right. You, you lose a coach. It, it's, it takes a lot of more energy to be focused on, okay, let's win a championship. Yep. Right, right, right. A-A-A-A-A famous coach, doc Rivers told me, he say Pat, I do basic stuff because I want my players to understand. The better they understand, the better they can not be players than just be athletes. Right. So you got this guy fired And you hearing the new voice. Now you guys know the new voice don't sound like old voice.


Don't sound like Yeah. They don't sound like Coach, I can't run up to him and hey coach, check it up. I see an opening right here. Like it's, it's just different. So that takes time. Right. So I I wouldn't be surprised if Denver was out of that first round. I ain't gonna lie to you First round. First round. I ain't gonna lie. I mean with that going around, I mean at just how the basketball, that's how the sports guards are. Right. You know, you disrespect the game. You fire, fire a coach like that in the playoffs. This ain't right. This ain't a Cinderella story. Theses going go beat everybody. Like they gonna be put to test, they're gonna be put to test. You mentioned thanks head coach Mike Malone and the general manager Calvin Booth was terminated. ESPN reported that de tension had been brewing between Booth and Malone for quite some time.


So, so much source that the, the source described it as a cold war. Denver had lost four straight and was just 11 and 13. Since the Allstar break, players such as Yolk have displayed frustration on the sideline vibes have been low according to a source. There's another report that said Westbrook's minutes were a part of the riff. It reported that Booth was questioning, bro, why are you playing Westbrook when you should be played? I forget the younger guy's name Pickett. What? What's his name? Pat? My last name is Pickett. Yep, yep, yep. That's it. And so you look at, yo, he's given you 45, 13 and 10 and they lost all three.


He gave you a 60 point triple double, a 40 point triple double and he was an assist short of a triple double on the 38 point game. So he gave you 45, 13 and 10 over three games, man. And they lost all three games. So my thing is this, it goes back to what we was talking about Dallas. Right? I don't think this is a problem that was just been brewing this year. I think the problem was lost after they won the championship and they didn't pay Bruce Brown, right? Yeah. You lose your, you lose your wouldn't say a fit the wing guy, right? I wouldn't say he was the heart and soul, but you lose a little grit. Yeah. Right? Yep. When if things get hard, you need a little bit more grit. Okay, cool. Thanks.


They was able to sustain that. Right? Then the following year they came up shortly, they lost to Minnesota and actually the, the year before Bruce Brown had a stellar, he got paid off that Minnesota series then coming in free agency, you lose Cardwell Pope. Right? You talk about Now you done lost and as a team you need the locker room. The locker room is the most important, right? The culture is the most important and, and the ability to win games and the, and the real games is not based on the the star players. It's based off the culture culture of the team. Team the role. Yep. That's what makes the youth so good, right? So you lose these two guys, right? You try to fill a void with Chris, Bryan, you try to fill a void with Watson And you try these young guys pick it, right? And then you want to go get Russ, right?


You're surprised it doesn't work now and Now you have to point blame at somebody. You talking about they beat us three one in the bubble. Yep. We was supposed to play the, You know that team we had? Yep. We was supposed to Lakers. Yep. Three. Y'all had three one. Yep. Yeah, they beat us three one. So I'm able to see this, this team up close and personal. I'm able to see this coach up close and person, right? Elite coach. I honestly think he overachieved in Denver Overachieved. And to be able to come down there And implement your system right, have have a two time MVP that's selfless.


Usually the MVPs like, no, gimme the rock, I'm shooting a faded away. I'm aha, I'm doing this, I'm talking about a selfless MVP. Right? And you don't make the moves you're supposed to make in free agency And you want write your team. It's not the same team. They baffle some, it actually baffles me. Pat, I was wondering, did you hear what James Hardin said? The reason why they're having success? He says, well per he said personnel. He said, he said personnel, there's only two guys that's not there. And I don't know what he was try what was he trying to say? Because he said the only thing is personnel. I don't need to say anything else. Yeah. Yes. This thing was like, everyone knows their roles, right? And as a and and, and, and as a player who's, You know, I, I, You know, I didn't have a cup of tea.


I spent 12, 13 years in the NBA. Right? Right. So like knowing your role and for me to be, You know, the ultimate role player, right? Knowing your role helps everybody else out around you. Right? Not only do You know your role Now you can thrive in your role. Right. Okay, cool. I know, I know my role on this team let's things rebound. And if I get it, You know, I get it in the corner, I'm gonna shoot it. That's my role. I'm gonna stay in my role now I'm gonna thrive in my role. Right? He had guys over there, obviously the Paul George, we can name the Paul George, the Russell Westbrook, the PJ Tucker. Remember PJ Tucker was Bones Island also. Yeah. Remember they went through that whole debacle with Ty Lou.


They were all arguing and they were, You know, forget those guys also, all that mix again talked about. It's hard to win games like that. Man. You got so much, you got so much bad going around, you can't basketball. How? Because you got James hard look. It seems to be like James Harden is gonna be James Harden. Hard to focus Ka back healthy, Kaw back healthy Zbox has played Unbelievable. I still magic my guy. I love magic. Magic was outta his mind for Trayvin. Mike. Mescal for Zbox.


Can you imagine Zbox when LeBron and Luca or Zubo with AD and LeBron? Because now Le now Luca now AD could have slid to the four like he wanted to play right? Leave Zu at the five. Can you imagine what that would I don't even want Let let's, let's, let's not talk about things that what could have been No, I I was there when we traded for Big Zoo. I was there. Hey man, pat we getting this big center in I man, where you from man? Talking about he from man, he from overseas. Pat man, I bring him in. Big zoo man had a, had a box haircut. Yeah, I got him right. Huh? Hey man, nah. Put some swag on you man.


Yeah. Unbuttoning your shirt. Take your chest out. I got Z Wright top, top four center in the NBA right now. He played like it. I mean he is had a a 30 20 game. A 2020 game. Zu is playing. Yeah. And guess what? He can get his points And you don't run that one play for not one. They don't say, Hey z, go down there. What hand you want on? You want a left? Get on the right block. I'm gonna throw it here, go down to the left. I'm gonna throw it down. Right. All he does, Hey James, harden layoff. Oh, he get it off the rim, put it back. I'm not running anything for him. So now I get James Harden. Do what you do Kawhi. Do what you do. Like you said, know your role.


Ocho knew every game. I'm number one receiver. I'm gonna get my catches. I'm gonna get my 10 targets. Now you ain't gotta think I, hey I ain't, oh hold on. I ain't got but one target. Okay, the next three quarters I'm gonna get at least three a quarter, maybe four. So when You know your role, like you said Pat, when You know your role, yeah, you can thrive. And the simple, you keep it. You don't have to think, I can just let my athletic ability take over. I take my athletic ability over anybody that's play I'm playing against, right? And that and that's with anything, right? That's what life, right? And the minute you start to merge to the left lane, You know that ain't your Ls stuff style.


You, you start to hear that little gravel stand your hand young man. Yep. You try to merge in the right lane. You hear that horn? No man. Somebody behind you real quick. Stay in your lane, man. You stay in your lane. Good things happen. Good things happen.


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Ray John Rondo recently said he holds no hard feelings towards Ray Allen and wasn't responsible for not inviting Ray to the Celtics reunions. Pat Ocho Will KG and, and and Paul Pierce, will they ever bear the hatchet? Will this, is this thing gonna ever go away? You won a championship. What's going on, pat? No, I don't think so. Right? I don't, I don't know personally what what went down in that locker room when that happened, right? So I I I, You know, and it's just speaking off just being a basketball player. I think it's deep. I think it's deeper than, than what people saying.


I think it's a little bit more to it. It has to be. Damn. It has to be, it has to be not not, You know, to hold a grudge that long at that age. Yeah, you can be young, hold a grudge, but to be you talking about in your forties Now, you feel me? Like yeah, you feel me? It has to be something more. And, And you won a championship. It wasn't like y'all got close and he left when y'all was on the cusp. You hadn't won a championship, right? You had been to another and You know, I mean come on Now. You give a choice. Let's see. You gonna stay there and play with Ticket in Truth and Rondo or you gonna go play with D Wade, Chris B and LeBron.


I'm giving you a choice. Fa Yeah, I'm gonna play with, I'm gonna go play with D Wade, LeBron Chris Bosh. Exactly. You know, you're think Don, you was down there in Miami, so You know, think about you got LeBron and that was LeBron at his apex. Oh yeah, yeah. That was at him at Crescendo. You got D Wade slash it you got Chris Bosch who sacrificed the most because Chris Bosch was a 20 and 10 guy. People don't realize Pat Bev, how good, how great Chris Bosch was when he was in Toronto. He, he was a you, You know, I got, I got drafted to the heat. Oh, did you?


My rookie, yeah. Was LeBron James rookie? Yeah. Okay. A Chris Bosch was the second best skilled player on the team. Wow. The stuff he was doing in practice. And I don't care, you can ask you, Donna has them Jwan Howard, Jamal mcg not, not Jamal, big Cat. The guy, one of the coaches in Toronto, I forgot his name. You can go down the list for the guys that was there, but he was going to people in practice. I haven't seen a four man ever do that to nobody. Nobody. He was destroying people in practice every single day. Every day. I'm a rookie, huh? I'm, I'm looking at Mike Miller, I'm looking at Glen Carlos Royo pulling up in red Ferraris.


I'm LeBron James. He two 70 And I'm looking at D Wade, I'm fuck, I'm rookie. I'm in there like, oh, okay, this what it's Right. Right. So like, so yeah, I seen that up close and personal And I seen the preparation with that up close to person. Man was in the weight room before everybody. Chris Bosch. It's sad that what, what happened to him? It's sad. Look like it's sad. Like he's supposed to go like he's supposed to do more. You're supposed to hear like more stories. Like Yeah, you hit the gang winner in a championship. He got, he's a four time champion. He's one of those guys. Wow. Elite talent. Hey uncle. I, I think it is personal too, when you think about it, what, what Rayon said, obviously him not being responsible and invite Ray.


It's, I think it's more than just basketball. You know, it's something we don't know about. And it, it makes me think about the movie life when Martin, when Martin and Eddie got into it and it was purple for years and they didn't and they didn't think at all. It's like that kind of level. Like well then you can really do that to us after all we've been through And you gonna go play with the enemy And then, and then when Chip, Yeah. And then when The reason they won a chip. Listen, hit the shot her around the world. Listen world. Yeah. I don't want to hear it. I'm Ray Allen, I'm Jesus Shuttleworth. I don't want to hear They take it that they take it that personal way. Yeah. I but I, like I said, I, I just, I I think it, it is, I mean it's what that's been.


It's man, it's been 15 years. It's been what, 12, 13 years. Man, it's time to move. You are closer to the end than the beginning. You only got so many more trips around the sun now. I mean, I hope y'all don't think y'all got, y'all got, I don't know how old Paul Pierce and, and, and, and and ticket is. They like you said Pat, they're in their forties. Yeah. You got your best years, your absolute best years are behind you to have a petty beef because someone left. Okay. I guess people should feel bad for taking, leaving Minnesota. They should feel bad for a, a, a truth leaving Boston. But nobody holds that against them because you went to a situation that you felt was best for you.


At the end of the day, guys don't owe guys anything I gotta do. What's in the best interest for me? I'm a business, I'm an entity. I mean, you think Google make a decision on based on what Microsoft doing or what Nothing. The gov You know, Microsoft is Oracle on Nvidia. Oh, I, I'm a business I gotta make with the decision that's best for me. And I believe if the money's comparable, money's gonna be better. 'cause they ain't got no state taxes in Florida. And I'm playing with LeBron. I'm playing with D Wade. And I'm playing with a bch. Yeah. I'm And I am a, and I'm a grown ass man. I, I can make my own decisions. Oh yeah.


I Ocho You, you, you ain't hear, you ain't hear Somebody might, is it only me because I can't hear Ocho or Pat? Bev? Yeah, I we can hear you. Can you hear us? I can hear you. Huh? I can Hear you. I can hear Ojo too. Ocho I can hear you. You can hear me Ojo? Yeah, I hear you. I hear Y'all keep, I can't hear you right now because I don't have my ears in. You hear me? Oh, he can't hear. He can't hear.


That's, see look, that's what happened when you, you talking about age. See what happened when you get old, you stop here. I know y'all talking ish, but that's okay. Y'all, y'all laughing too hard about to be talking. Hey, hey man. Got good sense Don. Man. Got good sense. Don. He y y'all love to Kiki kid. O Ocho falling all outta his chair. Pat be Pat Bell standing on his head. Yeah. Y'all talking. I know. Oh. Oh, he still can't hear. I hear you. Oh, oh, oh. Okay. What's up?


What's up? What the hell you mean what's up on, Hey, hey Cat. You know how you walk in a room and everybody be quiet like, Hey man, how you doing? You been talking about me for the last 30 minutes talking about how I'm doing. Good. No, I, I told him I and the decision he can make, he can make it. 'cause he's a grown ass man. Right. I'm, I'm not entitled to tell y'all to what to do or not to do. I'm, I'm Ray Allen. Yeah. And he was Ray Allen before he got y'all. They make it seem like Ray Allen was not Ray Allen. Do they remember Ray Allen in Milwaukee? Do they remember Ray Allen in Seattle? Ray Allen was gonna work. His name was Jesus.


Yes. The first black man named Jesus. I I don't think people, I don't think people realize that. People don't realize how Ray, he turned into a three point shooter, but Ray was going to the rack dunking on folks. His role changed and he knew it was wrong. Did Ray was giving folk, giving folks that business? Yeah. He's legit. Pat, this is, I I'm gonna need your expertise on this one. Threw a grenade at the crowd the other night. This one, You know, he, yo he can't, he can't, he can't do that anymore. He can't do that. If you was in the locker room with Jah, what, what, what, what would you, what would you sit, sit down and talk to the young brother.


What would you tell him? I wouldn't, I, I wouldn't try to, right. 'cause I was in the locker room with an, an Anthony Edwards too. Right. So my, my job in the locker room is, man look, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't here trying to be your, your your your daddy. But I'm gonna try to be a brother. You feel me? You know these folks on you Right? You hot right Now. You just got out. Yep. You just got out. Yeah. You gotta check in every so often. Man. Look, stay off that corner. Them folks, they looking for you. Yeah. Calm down, tread lightly. Just do that for about six months.


Them folks go give you everything you want. You can keep it moving. Oh, not him. I mean, and a lot of times Pat, we hear people that's not in that position. Let that man be him. Let that man live his life. Right. Well that's why you're not in that position because I don't care what anybody says. There are certain things that you have to do no matter who you are or how much, how big you are. Right. It is what it is. No, but my thing is I hope it's not, I hope it's not gonna be a lingering thing. That's my thing. I hope it don't get to a point where we told you so.


You feel me? Right. They did it. They did it to I Iverson. Right. They did it to the island. Iverson. Yep. You talking about a, a trend setter. You talking about somebody who literally changed the game. Yeah. They got right outta there. Not not, yeah. Not because of no, no guns and no AI wasn't even doing that. They got 'em outta there because of I practice. Do you practice? They, they, they made a thing, a big thing and got 'em outta there. So that's my, that's my fear and everything. Right. You don't want to get to a point where you're such a big distraction that it's a negative kind of tutor that comes to you and, and, and around that organization. You know? So you just don't want you, especially his age and especially what's going around now.


Right. Right. Especially what's going around now. Especially what's going around in Memphis and in these inner cities who need, who need that face. They need Ja. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That 'cause he's their coach. Right. So if he can like, turn that light Right. And just turn it the other way. Right. And I ain't telling you to go out there and, and pray to the Gods and do all that. I'm, I'm telling you, be yourself. Be a basketball player. Be swaggy do your damn right. My son do the grid. So, so they taking some type of positive from it. I, my thing is that's just use that big old light, that big old platform you got John And I just used in another way. That's all. Lemme ask you a question. Yeah.


How surprised would you be if Memphis moved y'all in the off season? That's the next, I mean that's, that's, I wouldn't say that's gonna happen now, but that's usually the next steps. You see a coach leave Right. Anytime. And we in the locker room, we see a coach get fired with motherfucker players get looking around. Damn my somebody next man. Then it becomes player. And I, but listen. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna tell you, I'm, I'm gonna tell you I have my sources in the NBA. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna disclose those sources 'cause they probably wouldn't tell me anything else at this point. And Pat and, and You know, I could tell you, You know, I can see John coming down here, coming down here to Miami. Mm. Yeah. I I ain't gonna tell you who told me.


And I'm not telling you, I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know. So if, if it does happen to have happen, You know, later on in the future, just know you heard it from me first. I don't know if y'all got anything that they want. Y'all gonna trade them. Bam. Y'all gonna trade them Tyler hero because that's the only pieces that y'all got. They're not gonna give you y'all best player. You gotta give them something comparable ocho. Right. I mean we, we'll, we'll across that bridge when we get there. But I'm, I'm just telling, I'm just telling you what I know. That's it Because the reports are Nico, Harris, Harris, Harrison. Harrison, Harrison. He reached out to Minnesota Ant man is he available?


Nope. Ab absolutely not. He reached, he reached out to Milwaukee. Is Janice available? No, Greg Absolutely not. So, but at that point in time he is like, hold on, we're probably doing too much calling around. This going to get out. So now, so now Pat Bell, we gotta hone in. Okay. Our next, our next move gotta be our best move. He called La Rob. Hey man, how you doing? Yeah man, I'm good. What you think?


You think we can get Anthony Davis off you for a Luca? No, no, no, no, no. The language was different. The language had to be like this. Hey, ring ring ring. What's up? Hey man, what's going on man? How you doing? Hey, I'm, I'm good. Check it out. I got something for you. I'm about to give you a Ferrari. You give me back a a, a bag of potatoes. I'm on. You could Bentley. No. Matter of fact, uncle, I ain't gonna lie to you. A bag of potatoes with a hole in the bottle. 'cause you're giving me damaged goods. Ooh. Damn Pat. That's good. At least you could have said a Bentley Pat. Man, you giving me damaged goods, man, I got my goods.


I couldn't even eat my goods. I can't play my goods. I can't cook my goods. My goods ain't available. Right, right. Damn dang I see you, but I see you in la you driving Ferrari, Aren, you, you, you doing me like this? Yeah. Now they looking at me crazy talking about fire me. Nah, nah, nah, nah. We ain't gonna do that. Nah, we ain't gonna do that. Not here. Not here. But You know what in order, because here's the thing, there are certain people you don't even call and ask about. You are not even calling Boston asking about Jason Tatum. You are not even there are certain you not. I mean there are certain people you won't even call. So the mere fact Rob probably said, hold on.


You would've really consider trading Luca. Right? Because, because because Rob is thinking like, hold on, you not called, you not calling Golden State about no stuff. You not calling OKC about Shea. What? You know, they not answering the phone. You not Even, you not calling Denver about Yolk. There's some things you don't even pick up the phone and call. There's some things like we were growing up, you wouldn't ask your mom, dad, or grandma. I wouldn't even bother because I already know what dance is. Right. Answer no Every time. Listen, hey you give, you getting ready to go in the store. What your mama, matter of fact, she tell you before you even get outta the car when we get in here, Don't you ask nothing, don't ask for nothing.


And you better not push that bug up on my damn heels either. For real. You, you don't A gang. Hey, You know we pushing the buggy and all of a sudden they stop. Yeah. And you not paying attention, boy did not tell you. You, you, you hit that. Hold on. You hit that lower calve, that Achilles. Yeah. Matter of fact, hold on. My my grandma. Listen, I now, I never forget. Oh, You know about Z Have you ever heard of Zees before? Yeah. Oh man, pat, I done ran into my grandma into Achilles not paying attention, pushing the buggy. And she done stopped abruptly in front of me And I had no idea ran into the back of her. And she ain't even look back at me.


She just cool swing without even looking back because she knew exactly where I was at. Right Upside the head. Right upside the head. Boy, that's memories right Now. You gotta ask for nothing. Like don't ask for nothing. We going hips up or so on. Huh? Why, why we gotta go And I look, IIII didn't get your, I didn't get your feelings on this 'cause You know, you, you, you, you, you, the way you handled this was very, very, very perfect. The, you, you, you had two friends kind of get into it a little bit. How'd that feel? Who that? LeBron and Stephen a Yeah man, I know that Put you in a little pickle, man. I know that puts you in a pickle. Man. Man, look here.


Stephen A is Stephen, a LeBron felt that Stephen a crossed the line because he questioned him as a father. Mm. You're not questioning Brody's skills, you're not questioning my skills. You question and saying I'm doing damage to my son by having him play, bro. He's the 55th player. I mean, there's only, there's only 60 players selected. They make it seem like they took Ronnie and the lottery. Right. And, And you I'm not, and plus you have to understand the man had a major medical issue. Give him some time to recover from that. Now if in three years he's still milling around, okay. It is what is, maybe he's a career g Leaguer.


Maybe he's a a, a a, a serviceable role player. But for me, once, it tells me a lot for LeBron to do what he did because LeBron has swallowed a lot of stuff for 22 years. Exactly. For him to approach him in a public setting during the timeout of a basketball game, let You know just how upset he was. Well, Yeah, He said what he said Stephen a said he understood. Cool. The problem that I had with Steven a And I told Steven a this bro, you should have left that alone once you say you understood it, but when you went and made the rounds And you said what you said on Gill's Arena And you went to other platform and then like you added yeast to the story.


Right. That's where, that's why I was out on it. I mean, Stephen and by guy, we talk about a lot of stuff, not just, You know, he first take stuff, we talk about a lot of stuff and, and You know, he's helped me, gave me, given me some good advice And I like to think I've given him some. I just wish whatever happened that Friday night or whatever it was, that would've been the end of it. Yeah. And we made a good case on our, on our pod, we made a good case. People should be judged case scenario. Right. Right. Talk about the talent. Right. Right. Talk about me not being good. Talk about like criticize me Right. But don't criticize me because of who my dad is.


Yeah. Like you say, I'm 55th pick. Ain't nobody talking about these two bum ass motherfuckers. That was number one and number two. Exactly. That's losing every game. We don't even know. Look, we talk about Bronny so much. People forget that he was the 55th pick. People forget who the first three picks were. Hell, I couldn't tell you. I mean, hardly end of the picks My point. Exactly. You feel me? So like when you, when you dealing with that, right? And, and, and, and, and, and, and one thing I like with the, about the James family, the way they take the criticism is, is is absolutely everybody can't Everybody ain't built for that though. Pat Bell. Yeah. Remarkable. Yeah. But also Pat, You know, we've got to understand.


You gotta understand how long they've been in it, how long they've been in it. So really after this, after this long, you gotta think the pressure's been on. LeBron says what coming Outta high school. Yeah. Since he was a junior in high school. Everybody on football when they put him on cover on Sports Illustrated. Yeah. Said the chosen one. Yeah. So he's 40. He's 40 now. He was 16 or 17 then. So that's been 23, 24 years for damn near a quarter century. He's been in the public eye. Yeah. So he, and so it's just like, it's just like any parent. If you are in a situation And you can help your child. Yeah. Who does it? We see these, we see these CEOs and presidents and these only companies.


What did Jerry do? All of his kids. Ain't nobody say nothing. Well Steven ain't qualified. Charlotte ain't qualified. Right. As the parent does what you do, you try to put your kid in the best situation and then it's up to him to make the most best of the situation that you put him in. We got, we got the blueprint from them. That's what we got the blueprint. Oh man, I see these CEOs, they doing this man, okay man, this person deserve this job. But they go hire, they go hire Uz over here. Uz aint, ain't really did nothing. They still go hire. Okay cool. We til all day. So let's do the same thing.


Right. I mean, collectively longevity, you talk about legacy wise you have to get the first, the mom a lot of credit. 'cause it starts with her and it trickles all the way down Right. To Miss Savannah. It trickles all the way down. You have to give that family a lot of credit. They, they've done a lot and to steal every time you see them, for them to look so, so royal. So like with so much royalty and having themselves, the class is really impressive. Especially coming from a, from the black culture, especially coming from the black culture. And this, this is how I know, this is how I know not only the James class, the the James family is class personified, but LeBron James as well. Pat, because you think about his accolades, his achievements and what he's been able to do since coming outta high school.


The pressure being on him, him being able to take it all this time and, and, and reaching a milestone of, of being the, the, the higher scoring NBA player of all time. And the fact that when he hit that 50,000 points, You know, in whatever game that was. I, I I just wanted to show you 'cause I, the rest of the chat has seen it. Some, some other, some of the other people that have been on here been able to see UNC has been able to see it. You know, LeBron gifted me the 50,000 ball, the 50,000 point ball. And I just wanna show it to you. Just check that out. You sure? Yeah. That, You know I was, I was, I was on the Lakers when that game happened. Yeah. This, the ball right here, You turn around a little bit.


No that ain't it. No you ain't No that ain't it. I no, I ain't played with that ball. I play with ball. Yeah. I scored two that game. That ain't the ball I scored with. That ain't the ball. Fat ba what's going on with you Lou Wills and Brandon Jennings. You posted today that you kicked their ass in a one-on-one tournament. Lou Williams, Jeff Ke, Brandon Jennings, Ty Lawson, every one of them. Both. You get on the court with me And I'm gonna dog y'all. What you, what'd you say? Unc Lofi high five, pat five. Lemme talk about, Hey. No, but so you gotta understand, like for me, my role coming to the NBA was very different.


Right. I I've been on the team with t right. I've been on a team with Lou Will. Right. I've been, I played against Brandon James. So five on five segment is very different than a one-on-one set. Absolutely right. Yeah. I'm able to practice against these guys and I'm the guy that man, I, I can't shoot anyway. I gotta play defense all the time. 'cause I gotta say y'all ass anyway, so, okay. So they know what I bring to the table. Like, You know that guy in practice that no matter you suit up with you, man, he gonna get me hell every single day he ain't gonna let up. Right, right. Or if y'all, in my case, y'all probably was the guy that didn't let up on people. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So that's how it is with me in practice. So like, I know coming in, in the dough like one-on-one in the dough with me, like, like with me, I'm, I'm a different animal.


Like, I, I don't stop chewing. I, I keep going. I keep going. I keep going. I'm, I'm, I want bone. I don't want flesh, I want bone, I want meat, I want gristle, I want veins. Like I'm, I'm, I'm, yeah. I get wild when I'm in that cage, You know? So I like that. I like that. Yeah. It's different. Hey, I got a question. Since you really got that kind, you got that it fact, you got that obviously most, most of us, we call it that dog mentality. It's not something that's taught, it's already in you. You already got that. So I'm just curious. You talk about playing them boys. If you And I were to played one on one knowing that we both kind of think alike And we cut from the same motherfucking clock, you would think a, a game the 11 you could deal with me. Yeah. Yeah. Not, not, not, not, not like see look, my my finger's doing something I don't even know what they doing.


Look. Right, right, right, right. But look, look, but not, not, not like to just because, because like you play a different sport or whatever. That's not the case. Just the, just the case that I will die out there before I lose. Are you willing to do the same? Hold on. I'm willing to die about a lot of things. Okay. Like I, okay, I listen. Lemme tell you something, pat. Lemme tell you something about me. Right. I owe on $5,200. Right. I ain't paid UNC money in about seven months because Yeah, you about to die Pat Before you get ahold Pat. I to about that 5,200 Didn't, you're crazy. He gonna talk about I own UNC And I ain't even paid it And I ain't paid. Oh hell no. Oh hell no, man. You on before you get on the court.


Hey, and, and, and on the, on the side Cat. Y'all heard this man, this family talking about all night talking about, yeah, I, unc I'm gonna run your money. We get to Baltimore Now he getting to it with Pat. Bam. Listen. Talking about he ain't gonna pay me my money. Listen, I was just using that. I was using it as a small example. Now I'm gonna give you money anyway. I'm just, I was give, I was telling Pat, I'm trying to give him an example of how like I'm willing to die about not giving it, but I'm gonna give it to you. I'm trying, trying to get Pat. Yeah, I'm trying to get Pat to understand like, I'm really like that too. And if you willing to die by that I mean we on the same page. Right? Right. Yeah, I would, I would really love the schedule of one-on-one between us. I come to you I'll Fox and five to 11 Me.


I'm talking aint no I yeah, I'm talking to you. No, no, no, no. Yeah, I, I see this, this is the thing you play. You played professional basketball. You have yet to see me play. I averaged 56 in high school. I was supposed to go to the NBA but I got in trouble. I got suspended, I got kicked outta school. So I had no choice. And I went to a school that only had football. So I was forced to do that. You hear me? Huh? So I got the school set And I could transition into that. And if I need to get back to what I normally do And I putting belt the ass on the court, you could be the first one On April 18th.


Sin are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


What's Up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft. Listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Nah, so, so with with sports, And I think we all know this with sports, it's the, it's the, it's the major, major component that's always important. And that's conditioning, right? That's me. That's Me. I'm conditioning right? I'm conditioning. I just played a game a month ago in front of 7,000, You know, 18 five and five. You know, I'm, I'm okay. They, they, yeah, they screamed another language over there. While I'm, while I'm playing. I'm, I'm, I'm happy my way I'm back pedaling on the way back like this. Right. This, okay, so conditioning is, is is a part of it. Mental conditioning is the most important part of it. That's, that's, they don't teach you. That's what you can't get in gentlemen. Right. That's, that's that stuff. I'm gonna just lift and keep doing this rep until all my muscles burn, until I feel a burn that I ain't never felt before.


And then when I feel that I'm gonna do some more like, like okay, That type. But yeah, I get Wow. Okay. O Joe, let me, yeah, let me, let me, let me tell you something about my kind of conditioning. Yeah. You listen. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Yeah, I can. Got Me. I be wild. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you about my kind, my kind of conditioning. All right. My conditioning, You know I play soccer. Hold, hold on that. Let me write this, write this down. 'cause I like to be a, a head my enemy. Write, write it down. I played a striker. You hear me? I played a nine, I played 45 minute, half straight with no break running full speed.


You hear me? That's fast. That's no breaks, no timeouts, no commercials. 45 minutes. That's two hals of those. Okay. That's part of my conditioning. Then my physical and mental conditioning. I take these right here. Huh? These called roast balls. Now this kind of conditioning. I, And I don't know Pat, he pop one of them. It might be over. Hear me. Let me, I pop one of these. You hear me? I put chan Kim put her through the mattress. You hear me? I make sure she touch every corner of the wall. Huh? I put on the ceiling fan And I I tie it to the ceiling fan and make it go around in circles.


That's the kind of condition I'm talking about. Yeah. You ain't Post it up Pat be No who? He man shooting up. Jump. Don't turn your back on him. I'm just saying that's ing. Hey man, let the three go. Hey wait, boy, pat, I love you boy man. It's a pleasure man. Pleasure man. But those guys, man, they know, they know those guys, man. They just, You know, they, I get the text like, it's funny 'cause I get the text from guys like, yeah man, let's, let's keep running it up for the media. And in my mind I'm like, nah, I'm dead serious.


I don't, yeah. Like I, well I ain't doing this 'cause no media. I'm dead serious. I'll bust all y'all ass. Like for real. Like, And we, we could do it with cameras, without cameras, however you wanna do it. You feel me? How you wanna do it? So Yeah. In fact, so let, so let, so lemme get this. I get a sponsor and I'm gonna put 50,000 on the line. So you, Lou will, Ty Lawson, Brandon Jennings, one on one winner takeoff. Who taking the money? I'm, I'm gonna say this. You, you'll be a not an intelligent man to, against me, I'll tell you that.


No, we put it down the winner. Get it all the winner, get the whole 50,000. Matter of fact add 5,200 to that 50. We what? You ain't finna add a mo thing of mine to it? Hey, no. Hey listen, I I I know it's ka when I, when I tell a person, come on we, let's play one oh hundred. Let's, let's, let's play, let's play 1 0 1, 400,000. You go get, go to your chase. I'm gonna go to my chase, I'm gonna take out a hundred. You take out a hundred. Don't nobody gotta be there. We'll play. I guarantee all of them gonna say no. Say, I don't know. Hey, hey, hey Brandon, Jens, Tyler. Hey, hey, I got y'all.


Matter of fact, I got something even better for y'all with that. Right. Y'all, y'all both know. Y'all say y'all got sources and y'all both know people that's in basketball. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ask them. Just ask them. Hey man, look, if, if boy, if, if one of them suited up with Pat, 'cause You know, we don't really know, but if one of 'em suited up with Pat, how did I come a be everybody tell you the same like man, yeah, they can play. But boy Pat different. He different. He different. Yeah, he different. He different. He just different. He not gonna stop. He's still working out. He's still playing basketball. Like he pat different, he, he different. Yeah. So that's all. Are you trying to a Hey Pat, are you trying to come back to the NBA?


Are you cool with where you are now? You know what IIII, I'll lie to you and say I don't wanna come back to the NBA. Right? I lied to you and say that like you a basketball player, you want to keep playing. You want to, you want to get a game. Everything you can give it right? You want to get a game. Everything. You can give it, you can play play. I still can play. I still, I still got a good three years left then you feel me? We just got a couple calls if I wanted to decide to go back overseas and play. So like basketball is always the door open for open for me. But again, we speak about longevity also. Right. Which is important. Right. You know? Right. I've done a good job, take care of my body to still even be in this position. So yeah. If, if that opportunity presents itself, I'm gonna be Mr. 94 feet be red.


So in other words, in your claws in the overseas, you can opt out to come to an NBA if an NBA team offer you. Correct? Correct. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I like, yeah, I like it. Yeah. So yeah, I mean it's been, it's been a fun ride. You know, I've been doing this for 17 years. Right. I've been doing this five years overseas. I done seen the whole world, man. I done seen, I done seen Italy, I done seen Russia, UNC, I done seen, I done seen Israel, I done seen Greece. I done seen, I done seen so many different countries on what's some, what's some of the best souvenirs that you brought back from the countries? 'cause I know you gotta bring something back because Russia and Italy and Israel and the Greece and Turkey, all the places you've been.


What's some of the best souvenirs that you bought back Pat? You know what? I'll just say, I'll just say my, my mental ones, right? The, the, the, the, the people I've met through my journey, right. The coaches I've had. 'cause You know the European coaches are very different than what the, what the NBA is. The, the, the friendships I have. Right. The restaurants that I can go back in Israel right now if I wanna go to and, and, and, and, and, and it look exactly the same. Right. I'm able to bring my mom, You know, shot glasses from different countries. Right. Just, You know, she don't drink at all. But just to have something that, You know, my son brung me this. So like, I mean this, this ride of mine you talking about 12 years in the NBA five years overseas man, 17 years pro doing it.


Inner, inner inner city kid from Chicago motherfucker. You gotta think John Shire D me and d Derrick Rose, we all the same class. I was the third best, I was the third best player in that class. What I was the last, I'm the only player still playing basketball. Yeah. John Shy, the coach at Duke, John Shier him, me, Derrick Rose. I was the, I was the third best player outta all of them. Wow. I'm the only one still playing basketball. Bet y'all didn't know that did you Chad? Wow. Ba you're 12 years in the NBA. You played with a lot of great players. You was on failure. You played with Yo Embiid And you were with LeBron and AD And you with Kawhi and PG and James, you played with James Harden, you played with some of the great, all 75 players.


If you don't mind, what were some of the things that you, you would think that kind of made them who they are, what they are? LeBron. I'm gonna start with LeBron James 'cause he has to go first. 'cause he was probably the biggest impact in my career. I met LeBron when I was a rookie in Miami and he really gave me the blueprint of being in the NBA and what his goal took to stay in the NBA. Right. He just did all extra shit. Like okay we was, we we we sprinting with the Miami heat. He fucking pat, let's do five more sprints. I'm a rookie or I'm gonna say no LeBron James. Okay, we doing, we doing a sprint.


He don't wanna do regular sprints. He want to touch the wall. You feel me? Yeah. It might be, it might be nothing. It might be a extra little two feet, but those extra two feet add up over so many more times. Right, right. With James Harden, I, I seen his ability to, to to take the game of basketball and make it, okay, how can I cheat the game when I say cheat the game, like how can I get to the free throw line 20 times? What's the gray area into that? How can I use my IQ when my athleticism falls, my athleticism falls and still be an elite skill player. Right. So I learned pick and roll isolation. The, the amount of time it takes to get from a ISO to a, You know, from a switch.


Then I go Kauai Leonard, I've never seen anybody in my life workout like him on the basketball court. Right. As basketball court basketball players. You rep it, You know you might shoot five spots, you might shoot seven spots. I'm gonna shoot five the, the corner, the wing, the top of the key corner wing. I'm gonna shoot five spots. Him, he different, he shoot nine spots. When you shoot five spots regularly, you make 10 with him. He make 20, 29 spots. And it's not surprising to me when he plays sometimes that he gets hurt. Yes. He gets hurt because he's putting in so much extra work on a basketball crowd. Wow. I've never seen a player, I've never seen a player workout like Aala in my entire life of being on this earth.


Damn. His, his work hearts are simple. They're extremely hard. They're extremely hard. I'm talking about make 29 spots, make 20 another nine spots, make 20 going left five spots, make another 20 left fast. Spots you, your arms so tired And you yo your mind's so drain. Like you Yeah, I done got up a thousand today. We gonna do it again tomorrow, pat 2000, we gonna do it again tomorrow. Pat 3000. We had 6,000 makes in a week. I say man, this man, this man different. He different. Yeah. Yeah. We you missed game. You missed a game winner. You gotta make 20, you miss 20, you go back down to 15.


I'm talking about when it comes to like, and it's not a lot of, ain't no joking in the locker room. Ain't no A-A-A-A-A crew for like eight to 10 people. Ain't no cameras. It's me, his homie, my homie, four people, homies, rebound let's work. Wow. So that's a lot. What what he did would like, and everyone knows, but y'all know Right. With with that amount of work you put in. Yeah. You know, you might be hurt. It might not show up this game, but in the playoffs he shows up every single time. Yeah. Every single time. So I, I was able to have some really good bets And I ain't gonna lie to you.


Huh? I had some motherfuckers that I was like, yeah, let me stay away from him. I'm cool. Right. You feel me? Yeah. I done have best they walk in there with, with with with flip flops on a game starting the hour, they walking there with flip flops on. Okay cool. Okay. Next two years they out the league. Okay cool. Yeah. Pat don't do that. Yeah, don't do that. Don't do that. So I had, I had the best of both worlds. I was able to see people with big names get out the league And I was able to see people that stayed in the, You know, league without big names. I ain't never averaged over 10 points a game long. I played 12 years in NBA. I missed the playoffs once. Wow. I got drafted 42. I got drafted.


Same draft Steph Curry draft. They took 19 point guards. I was one of 'em. Mm. Earn keep earn my keep unc that's it. I made over a hundred million dollars in the NBA man unc I earned my keep. You recently made some critical comments about the Sixers wasting opportunities. If you were the GM of the Sixers, you got Max contract Joel and B Max contract. Paul George Max contract, Tyrese Maxey, you are the gm. Pat be the GM of the Sixers. What are you doing this off season? This off season? It'll be, it'll be tough. It'll be tough for me again. 'cause now I have damaged goods.


All those players you named, they ended the season hurt. Right. So now I'm doing a deal with a team. It'd be tough for me to even get that all. They didn't play well. They underperformed and they hurt. So yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm giving you unc that red Ferrari ain't a red Ferrari no more. It, it got a little dent center. The little painters strip a little bit the muffler hanger back on the loose I it ain't the red Ferrari no more. I don't think you wanna drive it. I ain't gonna lie. Huh? I don't think you want what I got to give you right Now. You gotta overload. We gotta add some first, some first rounds. You gotta add some second rounds. I think they put themselves in a position to either be really good or to be really bad. Well I mean when you got the contract Joe l And you got three years coming at 193 million, you got Paul George got a, he's gonna pick up that 50th option.


He gonna pick that up. So you basically, so basically you got Paul George for another four years excess of 200 million Tyree Maxey. I think Tyrese Maxey is, he's he's gonna be an all star. He's phenomenal. Yeah. Great. But I just don't know what you're gonna do with Joel l and b with his injury history, with his age and that contract. Paul George, his injury history as of late his age and that contract, what could you possibly do? You know what you gotta, you gotta let it play out one more year. Right. And then like we said with with anything, with basketball, the first person to go on ain't the player is the coach.


Right. And I played for Philly, I played for that beautiful city on, I played for Nick Nurse. Right. I played with Joelle. I know how nice she is. I played with Tyrese Maxey when he got most improved that year. I know how good he is. But you gonna feel a lot of pressure from that city. Y'all know Philly? Yep. Philly a different city. When it comes to sports. When it comes to sports. Philly take, they, they, they take, they they sports to the, they go to sleep with it. They go to sleep with they sports. They, they, they, they drink coffee, coffee mugs. They got Philly's cup. They go, they sleep, they wake up with they sports. If you don't do something fast with that, no matter what it is and, and don't do the wrong thing and the wrong thing is get rid of Joelle. You get rid of Joelle and this don't go. Right. Yeah. It, you talk about losing for a lot of years.


Right. But if you, if you, if you get the right doctors in, you get the right medical staff And you get the right locker room pieces around them that, You know, maybe you guys don't feel hurt. You feel me? Yeah. We maybe you guys, unc I ain't gonna lie, if you got 10 games to go right. And you, And you, you need to win seven of 'em to make it to the playoffs. That knee that was hurting it don't feel that that bad Right. Today. Right. But if you got 10 games to go And you gotta win 11 of them, You know, I'm cool. I yeah, I don't wanna play tonight. Right. It's just different, huh. Right. They just need, they need a coach. They need a coach. Anything with with that involves winning regardless. If it's a company, it's a, a football team, it's a basketball team, it's a, it's a, a karate unit.


With, with with, with, with 10 year olds. You need culture. You need culture in order to be good at anything, you need the right culture and Right. And this year they didn't have it. Pat. I look at Coach And I, we had a discussion and, and, And I said I looked at it like this Joel and beat end of the season. He played in the postseason, but basically he was on one leg. Why not have the surgery on the leg or rest the leg if surgery wasn't required, why go to the Olympics? And I understand the Olympics, America has done so much for Joellen Beach and his family. It's made him rich but wildes beyond his dreams. But he had a talent, he parlayed that I don't get going to play for the Olympics. And if I'm the Sixers, I'm not gonna allow Joel to play because I got two, $300 million tied up in you And you spent the half the season, the majority of the season injured.


Do you think he should have played in the Olympics? If you, if you own the, if you Josh Harris And you own the sixes, are you allowing your injured player who injured the season, who the in last part of the season and in the postseason was injured, are you gonna allow him to play or to have, or are you gonna say you need to have surgery or you need to rest to make sure you're healthy for the 76 ERs. So throughout that whole year, they knew that the, the team came up short the year before. So being around the NBA at that time, you heard little chatter. Right. You hear little chatter Damn Joelle playing damn KD playing Damn Kawhi. You playing Steph Kirby playing. LeBron said he playing.


Did you playing like you start, you start hearing about it. Yeah. And now it became unc it became not everybody playing, all the top dogs playing. Yep. Right. You didn't wanna meet miss a seat on that bus. 'cause what they did, they go down in history. Right. They go go down in history. So with that, what the states have done, You know, in his defense, in his mind he was Like, You know Pat, like, feel me like man, like my son was born here. Feel me? Like my son was born here, I'm putting on for the little homie. Right. You can't go against that, huh? Right. I'm putting, I'm putting on for my son. So like I thought, I thought what he did, the decision he made, I thought, I thought it was a fantastic decision.


Right. I thought him coming up winning, win and go. And I thought he was gonna take that momentum and go back to Philly because in the Olympics he seemed, he seemed in great condition, he seemed elite condition. He didn't seem Like, You know, like he was dragging or anything. He looked really good. He was probably one of the reasons, the main reason he hit the mid range shot. When, when, when us couldn't score right there on the right wing. Over Yoic. Yeah. Against us. Co Serbia. Yeah. He hit that shot. That was a big shot. People don't understand that was probably one of the biggest shots. 'cause USA couldn't score. He hit that shot. They go on Steph Curry do his thing. LeBron do his thing. But they win a game like they brung home the gold. I can't never fought a person who put on for his country and brought us back gold. Unc No, but if you, if you Josh Harris And you got $300 million tied up in him, you can fault him.


Yeah. Yeah. If you Josh Harris, you looking at it from a whole different beast. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. You looking at it from a business point. Yeah. I I hear you. I hear that And I hear you. But yeah, we going need, we gonna need gold Philly too. So Yeah. It, it goes both ways. I'm just glad I don't named Josh Harris. Huh. I'm glad I ain't That's a, that's a hard job to have. Yeah. That's a hard job to have because you shall you shelling out money. Because here's the thing, And you had, what's the gym in Philly? He you had him in, in in Houston. You talking about the gym? I walk on the bus Unc I say, Hey Remar, you trading me? He no, pat, I ain't trading you unc I was trading three days later. Damn. And You know me, I'm, I'm 12 years in so, And I know him.


He came and got me, you feel me? He came and got me in Europe when, so he brought me to the Rockets. He gave me my first contract. Right. So it's my mama Noah. So, You know, really can't even be mad even though he traded, you can't be mad 'cause he brought you. That's my man. Yeah. It ain't personal, it's business. But yeah, I got on the bus, UNC, I got right on the bus. Hey Darl, what's going on man? I see you on a, on on on a lot of weight games lately, man. I know. Trey about to go down. I'm getting traded. Oh no. Pat, you cool? Yeah. Unc. Yeah. Pat you gonna Milwaukee? All right, cool. Thank you. I know the business, you feel me? Hey, but if this thing don't work out because he extended Joel and Bead when he didn't have to. It's easy to give somebody else money away Pat as opposed to spend your old Josh Harris looking like, hold on.


You brought in Paul George gave him a five, basically a five year deal when it seemed like the Clippers was only willing to go to three. You signed Joel and Bead when he had two years still left on this deal And you gave him a three year extension at a 1 93. This better work out. You gave, you gave Nick nurse the bad. You forget about that. It better work out Pat. You gave Tyree Maxey the bad. Yeah. So you got three guys basically on, on a max contract. Yeah. I just, it's gonna be tough. It's gonna be tough. I think this is years out. I don't think this is something that can just turn around instantly. I think again, I think they gotta fix what's, what's in the locker room, right? If it's a star player, if it's a superstar player, if it's the kid who you draft or if it's the role player who, who who waving towel.


You gotta get that. You gotta get that culture together. And once you get that together, you can kind of navigate your way through basketball games. That's the easy part. But they gotta fix that locker room. They gotta fix the culture that, that, that, that, that organization back. They gotta get it back.


The Volume spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost when you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal And I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.