
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report,


Add dry eye relief to your routine with Refresh Optive Mega three, A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with an active ingredients like flaxseed oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh. Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now, get five Scotts Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 28 mulch. Offer excludes Alaskan Hawaii selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com For more details.


Wanna feel more creative but don't have the right laptop. lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion. Our PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The future's waiting and it needs you.


The volume 49 ERs in Rock Party have agreed to terms on a five year, $265 million contract extension, including a 181 million in total guarantees. The highest paid quarterbacks in the NFL based on a year to year basis. Dak Prescott is 60 million. Joe Burrow, Josh Allen, Jordan Love, and Trevor Lawrence at 55,000,002 at 53.1. Brock Purdy 53, Jerry Goff at 53. That's a good number. Right where they have, right where they have him slotted is a good number for him.


Yeah, I mean you go ocho you gotta think about it. It the man made 2.9 million over the first three years of his career. Absolutely. Now he'll get a check every, every week for 2.9 million. Absolute. Listen, he, he deserved it. You all deserved well deserved. I didn't, I didn't. I like B Brett Purdy, I just didn't view him at the tier one type quarterback. He had a a superior supporting cast surrounding, you got Trent Williams, you had Deebo, you had Brandon iu, you got Christian McCaffey in the backfield. How did look once, once some of those pieces went away, it wasn't as pretty, it wasn't O pretty, huh? It's all about OCHO when Real estate, what is it about?


It's about location, location, location in the NFL. It's about position, position, position. He plays a premium po. The no a a a age premium. He plays B premium position. And so he like, man that house ain't, man, that house ain't worth no $40 million. Maybe if it wasn't in Bel Air. You are right. But it's in Bel Air, it's absolutely worth $40 million. And if you want it, that's what you're gonna have to pay to get it. Well, a starting quarterback in the NFL that's gone to a Super Bowl, he's gone to two NFC championships, he's won. That's what you're gonna have to pay to keep it. It's really, it's really, it's really that simple Ocho, You know all that man, he ain't worth that.


You work with somebody to pay for It. He plays, he plays very well in that offense. In that Shanahan ale. He plays very, very well. Look, actually he probably worth more because he saved Kyle Shanahan and John's job because they invested all that money in Trey, in Trey Lance. They gave up all that draft capital to get Trey Lance. They took this man as Mr. Irrelevant and the last picket, they never round. Now if you don't take him and you got Trey Lance and you done moved on from Trey Lance, you gone, you gone. Hey Uncle Ocho, I you then he terra A-C-L-A-C-L last year. Debo go, right, Debo De he got kid.


Who else, who else he who, who else he throwing to? Brandon? Brandon IU could be back. Juju, GI, Rick, Percell, Well, Rick Prial sa and myu, I you gonna be back already after ACL No, A ACL. Don't take that long. Don't take that Medicines different now. Joe Medicines different now. He did it, he did it real early, so he'll definitely be back. So he did it like in September. So October, November, December, January, February, March, April, may, June, July. Oh yeah, We got a, we got a few players coming back. We got, You know, Brandon IU coming back off ACL Stefan did coming back off ACL and it seemed like they're recovering faster because obviously technology's a lot more advanced and You know, the rehab and stuff that they do is a lot more advanced.


Yes, yes. So players are coming back faster than ever. Especially once you get over that mental, that mental block and understanding that you can trust your knee and, and be comfortable cutting and moving. Oh man, that's, I mean that, that's, that's, that's the hardest part right there In just three seasons. He's passed for 9,518 yards, 64 touchdowns, four playoff wins. NFC Championship and a Pro Bowl. So that's the go, that's the going rate. CJ Stroud is up next. Yeah. Yeah. CJ Stroud up next. Listen, he he finna get the bad. Yeah. De yeah. Yeah. And You know, pretty soon you gonna have Jayden Daniels and Caleb Williams, they gonna be coming pipe.


They finna set the mark. They finna have quarterback out control. Oh, they gonna reset it? Yeah. Yeah, that's 60 million. I mean I but Josh Allen got his whole contract guaranteed. Mm. 2 65 ocho. Hey, No. Well he got, we're tacked on. So it's like three 30. Was that more than, what was Deshaun got? Deshaun got two 30 guaranteed. They got the same agent. No, Deshaun had David mug.


Aletta, I don't know who Brock Purdy's agent is. David Mulet and I think Todd, all of them are athletes first. Right? Who's Todd? Who's Brock pr? Oh yeah, I've never heard of them. Deshaun David Mulet is his agent. I think all them are are the athletes first I thought Todd France, who had, who has Dak Who, who I be look at, look at CCEO, Todd France. I think he's at Athletes First.


Okay. Yeah. So, but yeah, I I, I agree with you Ocho I, I think Brock Purdy was deserving, had earned this, given what he had done. His resume. A Pro Bowl, a Super Bowl NFC championship game two. He had been gone to two NFC championship game. Remember he tore his, his, his elbow missed his elbow up like the first lap. That was a Playoff game, wasn't it? That was a playoff game. Yeah. Yeah. And the championship game mc the champ NC championship game to the Eagles Sure was. And so yeah, he, he was, he was earned it, he earned this, he earned this big payday. I like to see guys and I like to see team reward the players you play well and we're gonna reward you.


Don't do all that haggling. I hate that they haggle all other positions except the quarterbacks Never quarterback position like that ever. Yeah, I, I, and I, I hate, I hate that. Look, look man. Hey, I understand that he's important, but I've done my job. I've gone to four pull boats, I've been two or three times. First Team Hall Pro and now you want to haggle me. Hey, they gonna always do it. They always, I'm trying to think who, so CJ's gonna be up next year. As a matter of fact, if I'm the Ravens, I go ahead and do something with Lamar. What you mean signing? Re I, I extend.


Yeah. Hell yeah. Gotta Do it. You, yeah, you gotta do it again. Probably, probably some time in the middle. I bet they do something in the middle of the season. Watch Either the middle of the season or after the season. Next years he got left. Yep. Shoot, he just signed that big one. He signed a five year two something. Yep. So what he had this third year into that second year. This is the second year to it. But you got certain people that's getting ready to overlap him and they ain't got no business. Yeah, no we were, Hey, well you see I, we just named 3 6 8 quarterbacks and we ain't mention before. Hey Lamar's about, I think Lamar's about 50. They Ain't got no business overlapping.


Young Bull. Yeah. Damn. Excuse me. Hold on. I gotta use the bathroom real quick. Hold on. Well you better get him before he's, he messing around in with a Super Bowl. 'cause now you have to pay him 70 million Lamar. Yeah, he has two MVPs only the only guy on this list that has a MVP is Josh Allen. So Lamar has two. Dak doesn't have any, Joe doesn't have any, Joe has gone to the Super Bowl, but he's the only one. He and Brock Purdy that's on this list that's going to the Super Bowl. None of the other guys have even played in the championship game. Yeah, that's gonna be the separated for Lamar. If he can get him one, if he can win one, it's over.


Man. It, it, it is definitely over. If he can do that. What they got got to back that brake truck up, Yo. Oh, for sure. But they definitely have the team. You know, they resigned. They resigned the, they didn't resign it. They extended him. King Henry gave him 25,000,002 year extension, 25 million. They extended him. I like Rashad Bateman. I like the receiver core they got, they brought Andrews back, they brought Lively back. Likely Isaiah likely they brought him back. Look, the defense is gonna be solid again. Offensive line is intact. Lamar's gonna be Lamar. So You know they gonna be consistently, they gonna be pretty good.


They gonna be there. Yep. They just got, You know the hardest thing is to break through that wall the first time. Once you break through then all of a sudden it's just like, yeah, it happens. But that's the hardest thing. You see Josh Allen hadn't broken through yet because seemingly they have to go against my homeboy. Only a handful of people have been able to steer him down in, in the, in the playoff game. And that's been Joe Burrow did it and Tom Brady did it. Brady beat him in the Super Bowl once and Jaylen Hur just got it.


But it's tough. It's tough getting through that first time. Boomer Asis. Damn. Boom. What Happened Went off. Boomer Asis went off on Kayla Williams calling him entitled says he needs to shut up. Keep your mouth shut. You're going into the greatest league that's ever been for a sport we all love. You going to have a chance one day to make 500 million because guys like me and guys before me all went on strike so you could actually make more money. So keep your pie hole shut and go out there and play football. Earn, earn your keep, earn your respect. Keep Your pie hole, Damn. Boom, boom, Boom. I worked, I worked with, I worked with Boomer and Snap and at CBS for a decade.


And look, I have a personal relationship with him. He is always been good to me. He's really, I mean he's really a great generous guy. But he will now he get on the radio, get on tv now he going to Yeah. Yeah. He to the feel. Yeah. Yeah. He ain't, he ain't gonna bite his tongue. He's a, he like that for, he's been like that for a very long time. He has, He has. They these old, these old, these old school cats, man. They don't like these young dudes, these primadonnas coming in here getting all this money. And I, I, I got, I I got it a few times, Man, them. Oh yeah. Oh Shit. I was sitting next to him when he gave it to you. Oh yeah.


Out. And I, Hey, hey Joe. I love it too. Yeah, yeah. I love man. I love, I think the, the, the thing is Joe, and you can look, I mean you made great money compared to the guys before you. Now the guys that came after you, they're making money now in 10 years from now, guys that were making 40, $50 million a year. Like, man, they got this joke in here making 80. Can you believe Joe? He making 80 million. Amen. That's crazy. That's just it. It, it is what it is. That's, it's just time. You know, a it wasn't upon a time, won't Joe, you could buy Cadillac for 3000. You get a nice three bedroom, two bath brick home for 35,000.


Timing is everything man, bro, you can't even furnish your house now with 35,000 by the time you put, I mean, hey, I'm looking at them trying to get me some no patio furniture, man. I looked at the Brion patio furniture. I said, nah, don't worry about it. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy Man. Four, $5,000 for a piece. One piece Like for, for like a sexy, okay. Yeah. Patio furniture.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target another and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards in Nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Ryan Reynolds here from Tmobile, I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Online education is convenient but sometimes it can be lonely. Sometimes the extra help you need can only come from someone else At American Public University. They make online education personalized, affordable, and memorable with 24 7 mental health support available in multiple languages. Access to career coaches who are industry professionals and lifelong career services. You'll never feel alone on your path to success. A PU Digital by Nature, human by Design. Learn more@apu.apus.edu.


I like, You know what? Don't know nobody don't come here and swim in the pool anyway. I said don't even worry about it. I told you I don't even worry about it. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody. I ain't been in the pool. I ain't been in the pool since I've been here and I been here a year. Shelly had her feet in it. Her and her girlfriend had her feet in it. That's it. You know how to swim or you scared? I do. Okay. I do. Okay. Do You know how Fish? Oh yeah. Oh, I forgot you live on a property so I know you gotta Pool. Oh man. Go again. This what we on. Hey the country boys don't know how to swim. I know You know how to swim. Huh? Oh, What, what? Come on now. Every summertime as a little short, they has a little legit. I used to bring in Charles Hadley pool with all my homies.


Yeah, Yeah. Absolutely not. Look, I grew up at a boys club, Thrasher Boys and Girls club in Little Rock. Man. They throw you in, they throw you in the deep end. Boy. You gotta how to Swim. Gotta learn. You got to. Yep. You go, you go up in the country. It's hard not to swim 'cause you around war all the time. Oh yeah. And then, You know, I got all these cousins and everything, so hey, I was the youngest. Hey, if he could, hey I saw them do it. They jump in. Hey I jump in right behind them. But hey Lord, if they let something happen to me, oh everybody ojo in the country.


You know they, I see people jumping in lakes and everything. I know Florida water out there Ocho. Y'all don't jump in no lakes or nothing, do you? Yeah. Yeah. You know people Gator take your Ass. Fuck Lakes canals that obviously the ocean, but any anybody of water people getting there. But you ain't, Hey Joe, you ain't just see the man with the alligator Canoe. He was canoeing with his wife. Oh, he was running from the cops. What? He jumped in the water with the alligator so the cops couldn't come and get him. And he sat there arguing with the cops and the gator. The gator right there by him. And the gator came close to him. He fighting with the gator and refusing to get out in the water.


You ain't see that? Nah. That the gator ain't anymore? Nah man, the gator wasn't big enough to really hand him like he wanted to, but the Gator tried to, You know, take a little bite of him, but he was too small. Oh nah. He was too small to do something with him. I, I don't, I, listen, I don't know how long it took the cops to get him out that water, but he was, he was in deep where they couldn't get to him and they got Yeah. Boy, if that gator was any bigger No, I I seen, I seen, I seen the story where a man and a woman with canoeing and the gator took his wife. I what? I said yeah to the, the Gator took his wife, aid's wife and I started thinking, man did, did that man take his wife out there on a canoe trip to get rid of.


So I'm trying to understand how, how I get the wife and not Well okay. They they only, they only attacked one person at a time. That was Florida. That wasn't Yeah, that definitely wasn't Florida. It wasn't, wasn't Florida that canoeing? Yeah, that was Canoe. They was Florida. Yeah, they wasn't Florida. Something about you need to watch, you need to be aware in Florida. Oh yeah. And, and keep small PE 'cause a lot of times people Yeah pe match because they walking to to the canal Ocho and, and you gotta realize the Gator's an ambush predator. So he's going light his feet. Hey he, it short air quickness is unbelievable. And you won't understand. You see that man? Hey, that little, that gate that got that man pup dog, that man just open the gate.


Earth acid, early acid. Hey, hey you jumping in there and saying your dog like that. Oh absolutely. He jumping in there to grab a gator. Open it. Yep. Yeah, you And I guess what? And guess what? In every gator I see from that point on, he gonna be dead. I'm gonna, I'm gonna be a vigilante and every gator I see he don't have a chance. He gonna be belly. He gonna be traumatized. You gonna be Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, anything. Oh yeah. They aid I bear it don't matter because like, like now I don't really like, but like when I like within, You know, I walk, walk my dog. When I, we had a dog I always had to bang on me.


So I'm walking at night. Yeah. Just in case. So bear, Bobcat, anything. Oh, you gonna get It? Yeah, that thing. What, what you Karen, what you had? Ar what, what, what, what? Nah, he trying to be quick Arra. Okay. No. Nah, nah. Hell nah man. Y'all ain't trying to take down no city. I just want, I just want, I just want the bobcat or the bear, whatever it is, gain it to get up off me. NFL owners plan to vote next week on a new playoff seat proposed by the alliances according to Albert Brear. If it gets passed, the number seven seeds in each conference will be decided strictly by their record.


A non division winning team would be seated higher than a division champ if they have more wins. Oh. Why they, why? What you think about that Ocho The game mom. The whole thing is to win your division. You can't look and see the thing is that you take one isolated incident. Ocho you took Minnesota. Okay, Minnesota was 14 and three. Now there are lower seed than say somebody won 10. But you didn't win your division. How many times have a a 14 win team hasn't won the division when it just so happens you was in the division with a team that was 15 and two.


Damn. The chance of that happens again. Ain't gonna happen like that again. For ain't happen like that for, for a while. I, I just, just honestly me be the game alone. Leave the game alone. Leave it how it is. You know? I think what we're well the people in position, They're tinkering too much. Yeah. They, they, they doing too much to it. I feel bad for people that play on the defensive side of the ball and I'm an offensive player or handicap so much they can't even play what we have come to love and know as a game of football. And it's true art. You just can't, you can't leave game alone.


Please Joe. You know they removed, didn't they? I think in the NBA they removed division winners. Right. Did they remove division winners as far as getting higher fees? I don't think this an NBA Nah, because it used to be like that. Yeah. If you won your division. Yeah. Yeah. Automatic. Yeah. Yeah it did. No, I don't wanna do that. I don't, don't don't, don't do that. Hey Sanjay Santi said ocho Uncle Ocho, you're an NFL general manager.


Who's your first pick date or alive? First pick. Saw the franchise with obviously, right? Yep. I'm taking Brady Can't go wrong with the quarterback position. If you gimme an offensive player, I'm taking Tom Brady. You gimme a defensive player. I'm taking lt. I was gonna say, I'm gonna say LT defensively. I gonna say lt. Yeah. Quarter. I'm start with I, if you start with any other position on offense, you, you crazy. I'm taking the quarterback, I'm taking Tom.


Then defensive player, I'm taking lt, Gimme, gimme, I'm gimme, gimme Joe Montana. Okay. And gimme LT on the other side. Who you starting, who you starting your franchise with? Joe? Shit. Ojo. You remember what he said? Joe said he started a franchise with ocho. I'm probably, I'm probably gonna go with, I'm probably go with my homes on defense.


I don't know. I say, I say Ray. I say Ray Lewis. Good one. Okay. That's a good one. After you saw what I did to Ray, you gonna pick Ray? Well I seen Ray smack. You come across that middle that, That's one play. What what about the other Hunter plays? I smacked him. I ain't Hey did you read to him in the end zone? And I, That's, that's one time because Oh did he? No, he hit Oh he hit him crawl coming across the middle. Did his elbow When you saw I got up finna beat his ass. Right. You saw as got up. What happened? What happened? What he Got up? What happened? What? Re had to hold me back. Oh hey, hey y'all about to sleep. Red ass boy.


Hey, I got hit. Hey, I jumped for the, I jumped for the ball man. He hit me up underneath my chin. My helmet went flying. Did Iwo for God, Joe, before I hit the ground, man, I was getting up. I was, I was trying to get up before I I thought your head was in that helmet. Nah, nah, no, nah. Ray was finna get his hands and lemme tell you, lemme tell you about the story Joe. Go ahead. Stopped. So I waited for Ray outside the locker room and I think he went out the back door. 'cause I, we we gonna have to square up. Yeah. Like how hit me like that. So I went to the team bus and was banging on the, You know, banging on the door. But he ain't never come outside. Yeah, yeah.


You know, You know they call coffee hella hands, right? Yeah, Yeah. They call me hella hands. I ain't know that. Yeah. That's why I ran on the pipe sometimes, like if I fight somebody, it's like, it feel like you fighting two people. Like that's, that's why they call me hella hands. Yeah, they call you hella legs because you gonna run. Yeah. I mean if if I, if you call a out, yeah. I'm gonna run. That's about the only time In the book American Kings a biography of the quarterback author, ESPN's reporter Seth Wickersham describes how Caleb Williams was so concerned about being drafted by the bears that he and his family weigh in circumventing the entire NFL draft. They spoke the lawyers to find a way around the league CBA and considered signing in the us.


UFL Chicago is the place where quarterbacks go to die. Carl Williams, who's his dad, said ahead of the draft, according to the book, in addition, none of the various coaches last season told Caleb Williams to watch film or give him zero help. No one tells me what to watch, I just turn it on. Yeah. Ojo, what do you break about that rough? I mean it's obviously, I mean, you look at what, what the, what has happened to all the quarterbacks who have been a part of the Bears organization. And you could understand why Caleb Williams and his father felt that way, but that way for a reason, You know, look how they treated everybody that's come through that organization that has played the position and the quarterbacks that did have success, they had success simply because the defenses in Chicago at the time were amazing.


Really good. So all you had to do was just facilitate and don't turn the ball over and defense would take care of everything else. I think Williams in a great situation now, UNC especially with the supporting cast they have around them. The addition of Ben Johnson and the rest of the coaches on that staff. I think this is gonna be the Bear's best year yet. And they're gonna surprise a lot of people. Every football season. The main guns are always in contention. Your Eagles, your bills, your Ravens Bengals. If we start off to a fast start, your chiefs, your lions, and for some reason, I don't know why, and, and you, you, you can quote me on this and that goes for everybody else in the chat.


The Bears will be in contention and one of those teams buying for a playoff spot in challenging or Lombardi simply because of not just the quarterback play, but with a great understanding of what Ben Johnson and his and his offensive creativity can do for a skillset for the skillset that Caleb Williams has. And I'm, I'm going out on a limb and I'm saying that because I saw what he did in Detroit with Jerry Goff. Yeah. And he has a more athletic medic. I look, I'm not surpris I'm not surprised by this Carl Williams, who's Caleb Williams' father. It is his job to protect his son and put him in the best possible situation.


I don't have any problem with that because he said, look, you look at all the quarterbacks, Mr. Trubisky, you look at Justin Fields, you look at Rex Grossman, you look at all the quarterbacks they've had. They they have, they haven't had any luck with the Quarterbacks. No. And It is what it is. I mean, and saying so he's well within his right to make sure that he's trying to put him son, his son is going to the best situation that gives him the best chance to succeed. Now, about the, what do you think about the, the watching film? Not giving the, the, the, the coaches not giving him any direction? Ah, I I don't, I don't know. That's, that's tough right there. Especially at that position. Before you touch the field, the only way to prepare is by watching film on your opponents and knowing what you're gonna see, You know, day to day, week to week.


So I, it is hard for me to believe that, that there's no instruction in that area, especially for the most important position on the field. Who has to know everything that's going on, especially your opponent. So that, that's, that's, it's, I don't know that, that's a little tricky. Unc I think maybe they thought you a quarterback played a top five program. You got that where you were at USC, maybe they just took for granted. 'cause a lot of times they, they take for granted like, bro, you played a big time program, bro. I, we ain't gotta go over that. We could go and skip that step and start getting something else. Now I just wanna say this for us, for me, the way we got tape cut up Pocho, it was first and third, first one, third one to three third and three to five, third and long.


But we had Cutups cover one, cover two, cover three, cover four, two man cover six, You know, whatever the case may be. So it was broken down. So we watching it. And so we see this is what they do in cover three. This is the front they give us. This is the coverage they play behind that front. I don't know. And like I said, I, I think maybe it was a situation they thought he already knew how to watch film. Everybody. I didn't know how to watch film because we really didn't have to watch film Mocho. Hell, if HBCU playing man coverage, hell, what the hell you Think you gonna get? There wasn't nobody disguising nothing. There wasn't no cover two, it wasn't no single high. It wasn't no six kick. It wasn't no 88, it wasn't no box post.


It wasn't none of that. It was, man, I would, so I need people ro what he doing? Why he ain't playing? I, oh Joe, I'm Alaska, why he ain't got me made what he doing? Right. Right. But nah, it's, it's covered too. What the hell is covered too.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool Rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores not for under $4. There's A reason why it's been the number one men's Annie purse Sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


Online education is convenient, but sometimes it can be lonely. Sometimes the extra help you need can only come from someone else At American Public University, they make online education personalized, affordable, and memorable with 24 7 mental health support available in multiple languages. Access to career coaches who are industry professionals and lifelong career services. You'll never feel alone on your path to success. A PU Digital By Nature, human by Design. Learn more@apu.apus.edu.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino Prohibited by.


So they had to break me all the way down in order to beat me back up. And nobody made me feel stupid that I didn't know that. No. I went to a, I went to a program, I went to an HBCU ocho. We ain't got, we didn't have receiver coach, tight end coach. No, we have all that. And, and No, And that's, that's one of the things that I really enjoyed unc, that it's, it's, it's not glorified on my end because of of my style of playing the way I played the game. But I I was a student of the game. Huh. And that's, that's that's a part Yeah. That people didn't even realize I wasn't able to go out there and do what I did by not studying like a God bird. Yeah. You know, because it, it is overshadowed by the fun and the entertainment and the celebrations and them and the flamboyancy and all the, all the shit talking.


But dude, but when it was time to watch film, oh my goodness. I needed to know everything. I need to know everything. I need to know what they, Travis was our person who broke down our film for me. He was our, he was our camera guy, our video guy in departments. Yeah. I had him break down all the clips of the previous four games of the individual. You know, I got the number one corner every goddamn game, Travis, I need everything on first, second and third down. Right On these down and distances in our, in our, in our in our area. Before we get across the 50 and when we cross the 50, what they like to do, what covers am I gonna get? Is he gonna bump? Is he gonna play?


Is is he gonna play man, I'm, I'm looking at everything. Is he a shade inside? Is he head up? Does he like, does he like outside leverage? You know, when a safety company thought I'm talking about unc, everything I can tell you, I can tell you based on down a distance, I can tell you what thing gonna run when I'm coming out the huddle. And I, and I know it. Yeah. And I knew it. That's why I had such a confidence in my approach to the game because I studied like a goddamn, like a nerd. That's the, that's the only reason where that confidence came from. It wasn't, it wasn't about my talent or my skill or You know, me running rou and just, I know what you doing before you even do it at the snap of the ball. And that, that just, oh my God, man.


Now towards the end of my career when my body, when my body wa wasn't able to react, You know, the way it was when I was, when I was in my prime, being able to study film and knowing what was happening before it happened gave me a little bit of a edge when I might have lost a step a little bit. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And I think that's the thing you look at down at distance, I mean we going over what they like to do and down in distance what they like to do in Red zone. What did I like to do back? They got you backed up. This is the coverage they like to play. But that was always on the tape. And so I'm looking and then, so like I said, I get guys I'm look and I I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to belittle anybody.


I'm just saying maybe they thought this is something that he already knew and so they didn't give him the instructions that he need me. I'm looking at it from the way we had it in Denver. It was broken down. Yeah. You plug, hey, third in one to three cover time, 31 to three, cover 2 31 to three quarters, 31 to three six, 2 million. Okay. 30 and five third and long backed up midfield red zone. Hey, and You know what? When they play eight okay nickel, we a, this is the cover at eight. They don't gonna play a handful of coverage.


They're not gonna get all that to get too exotic. They like things that they, they might do a couple of things that they try to catch you off guard, but when they're in nickel defense is what you like to play. And You know who the worst was to watch on film on it Worst because You know, you study coverages and you study things that teams like to do. But they had the personnel, the goddamn ravens and the goddamn Steelers during the two thousands. Yeah. They got And they doing all type of exotic shit. Troy Poll. Why? That's Rick Ryan. That's res Ryan special. We on Camera go. I on. Yeah. I can't see you. I'm gonna wait till you come back.


Okay. Well, well anyway, anyway, Chad, listen the goddamn Ravens and the Steelers from the two thousands, that 2000 era all that cover too and 50, oh they had all type of exotic stuff that just, it was like, it was confusing. So no matter how much film you watch, there was no telling what you gonna get on game day. I come out the goddamn huddle, You know I'm gonna split tight. I'm looking at, I'm looking at the safety, where the goddamn safety at. Hey, I'm looking goddamn Troy poll Marlo in the goddamn a gap. What in the fuck doing? And the goddamn a gap. So I'm hype, I'm thinking I'm looking at Carson, I'm hitting Carson over that Yee because I'm thinking of just me and I Taylor one-on one man unc, I'm looking inside at the snap of the ball.


I look back up, I'm running my route. This goddamn Troy done got way back to the, to the goddamn third at the snap of the ball. Yep. That damn ed re unc ed. Yeah, he's playing safety. He all the way in the back like his pump return. You do just turn down. So Ed is doing the opposite of what most, what most safety's do. They sit there and they backpedal back Ed playing the game the opposite way. He start back and come forward. Yep. I love playing the Raiders and the Chiefs because you ain't getting my mad up Raiders Man to man chiefs man to man.


And they right in your face. Dale Carter and, and and, and James Hasty right here. And they had, they had Aren Lewis and Kevin Ross and with the Raiders, they had James Wa they had Washington and they had, yeah, he back Kevin McDaniel right there. They right there. Course you getting Every Time. Hey Mike, come in and say it's real simple this week guys. You gotta be man coverage. Now if you can't beat man coverage, you either coaching or selling cars. Now my coaching staff filled up. I can't hire you, John. You hired anybody. You got these sales people you need to hire.


Nope, coach, I'm good. Okay. You gonna be without a job. Esham also said the Williams family thought of publicly attacking the Bears and the city of Chicago to try to force a trade concerned that the team would refuse to trade to him regardless and cause a worse situation. Caleb told Esham, I wasn't ready to nuke the city. I can do it for this team. I'm going to be the, I'm going to, I'm going to the Bears. I like, I like it, I like it and I'm, I'm telling, You know, I like people might, might, might, might say what I just said, You know, it's laughable. It's a joke. They're, they're a shit franchise. They might not like, like K Williams fool for whatever reason. But I'm telling you, you got a quarterback like that and you get an offensive coordinator with that kind of creativity, understanding the strengths and the weaknesses of the supporting cast that Kay Williams has around him.


Man, he, I I think the sky's the limit. Look at the additions that he got. They fortified that offensive line. They drafted another offensive weapon at the tight end position. You got Rome doomsday, you took no what overall course you just resigned, redid DJ Moore. So you've got weapons out the yin yang, you fortified it. So he should not be getting attacked from the defensive perspective like he had lucky he got last year. So with that being, I think they got Joe, they got Joe Tooney and didn't they sign the guy from the Rams? Then they get the offensive lineman from the Rams, but they, they fortified their offensive line. Now look, he's gonna have to do a better job of not holding, getting rid of the football sometimes.


You gotta know when the journey's over, throw it away live to see another day. Don't take your team outta field. Go range and don't make it third and long. Some things is gonna be in his hand. And I think he has a better understanding of that. Having played the game, got a year up on his belt Ocho things will slow down for him this year. I know he is gonna put the work in. I've talked to the young man and I know he's gonna put the work in and so I'm excited that, that's a very tough tradition, Joe. Hey, I mean you got green. I mean, think about it. Green Bay went to the playoffs last year. Minnesota went to the playoffs last year. Detroit went to the playoffs last Year. Yeah. And, and listen, I'm Chad quote me and remember this, whatever day it is, it's Friday.


Friday May 16th. I guarantee you the Bears look like a totally The day Thursday. Well, oh well it depends on where you Walk. I mean, in LA but my computer say, okay, It's Thursday Still. Yeah, but I'm telling you the Bears, the Bears, every year there's a team. Every year there's a Yeah, there's, there's a couple teams that pop up. You know, they think they're gonna be in the playoffs and they end up being ahead Of time. Yes. And I'm, I'm really wrong. When I, when I, when I have my takes, even though they might sound terrible at times, but for some reason they always, they they turn into fruition. The Bears gonna be a team. Yeah. Who did they sign? Offensive Line And that guy. Damn. Jalen Johnson. Yeah, Jonah Jackson.


Yeah. So they fortified the offensive line Don Joe, they spent big money. Yep. They got a center from the Falcons. They got offensive lineman from the Rams and they got Joe Toney, who's a Pro Bowl player who's been an all pro. So they've done, they've done what they should do to make sure the offense flows smoothly. I think Caleb Williams takes another step. He gets better. I think they take off, but they don't have a choice because they're in one of the toughest divisions in football. Yeah. Being in one of the toughest division. It might be the toughest division considering they had three teams represent the, the NFC in the playoffs.


Three of their four teams represented the playoffs. They are, they are. I mean they had what a f what a 15 and two team, A four or a 15 and one or a 15 and two team. They had a 14 two or a 14 and three team and they had what, a 10 and seven or 11 and 16. So probably gonna take you 10 wins. 11 wins just to make the playoffs with you. And I believe they have, they have the talent. I mean, like I said, I think that they did, they did what they need to do offensively to make sure, because at the end of the day, you ain't doing nothing. I don't care how good your defense is. If your offensive trash, you ain't going nowhere, bro. You're not, you wasting your time. And so they was like, look, we got the number one overall draft pick.


Let's cut down on some of these sacks. He was the, I think he was the most sack quarterback in the NFL. So if he can take 20 sacks off of that number, get his completion percentage up, I think he was 62% getting that up around 66, 67. It's gonna be all right. I think that'll be fine because I like what the bear, I like what the bears have done. I like the higher of Ben Johnson. I love the addition of the tight end for Michigan. Although I thought Warren, the guy from Penn State. Yeah. Better in my estimation, he was better than me. If I had to gr if I had to grade him, that's what I would do. But hey, they went with who they thought was gonna be the best in their situation. I don't have a problem with that.


But I mean you hear rumblings behind the scenes that You know, he's thinking about Chicago, it might not be the play for him considering they have a developed a quarterback, an extended period of time. Hell, I don't know if they've ever developed a quarterback. You have to go back way, way, way. Like I said, they had Rex Grossman. What was the guy that got from Purdue? Ended up going to the Broncos. Kyle Lorton. Yeah, I Remember Kyle. Yeah. Yeah. So look, it was reported that he wanted to go to Minnesota because he and O'Connell hit it off.


He said, man, I'd really love to play. Maybe he saw, maybe he saw Jet over there. Harkinson Addison. Woo, That that probably did hurt Ener one of the guy. But I think he did. I think he's in a great situation. Look, you win in Chicago. You win in Chicago, they gonna love you. That's an old school team. They love Big Mario. They've been around it this thing for a hundred plus years. They love the Bears, they loved the Bears players. That was a football town. I mean they love the cubbies too now. So I think the Bears, the Bears like, all right, the cubbies said they got the cubbies got what? What was that, 2016?


When did they win the championship? 2016. After a hundred plus years they're like, okay, alright Bears. Y'all haven't won since 85, 40 years. Come on now The volume.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


Wanna feel more creative but don't have the right laptop? lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion. Our PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The futures waiting and it needs you.


You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh, relieve pf extra lubricant Eye drops offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes refresh relieve PF extra includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find Refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


You're Listening to an iHeart podcast.