
Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal, wind chime post on Instagram, I saw, it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, it's Angela Yee. Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color With 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click. Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant News and pops of color. From Couture in the streets to his Valentino baby.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


There's a shortcut to platinum status at Shell to saving 10 cents per gallon on every fill every day. Just fill up six times with Shell V Power, nitro plus premium gasoline and it's yours. Plus you'll rejuvenate your engine. Get ready to level up performance, rewards and savings with continuous use and gasoline direct injection engine fuel injectors. Platinum status is earned with 12 Philips over three months. 10 gallon minimum per Philip at participating shell locations terms apply. Visit fuel rewards.com/status.


The Volume


NFL week one is here. And the new season mean new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna back touchdowns. Draftking hurt us and is delivering DraftKings. Sportsbook is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new drafting customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us DraftKings Sportsbook app use Coach Shannon. That's Coach Shannon. For new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us. The NFL gave us back to back game Thursday and Friday. Thank you. NFL. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And I am your favorite dunk key is in the Nightcap merch. Your favorite number 85. The Route runner extraordinaire. The binger ring of Fame honoree. The legendary pro bowler all pro from the Cincinnati Bengals Liberty City Zone. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Again, remember, please hit that subscribe button. Please hit that like button and do us another favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast Feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Every subscriber matters, we thank you for mattering, helping OCHO and I and Nightcap become the success that we've become. Please make sure you go check out Shaa by La Porter. If you cannot find Shaa by La Porter in a store or a city near you, you can order it and we'll deliver it right to your doorsteps. We have it in stock. No wait. Get it and get it shipped to you asap. Please make sure you follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat tour shirts and hats. What OCHO was wearing dropped yesterday? There are two versions of the Ts on site. The tour version T with the dates on the back and there's another one with just OCHO and I's Face said Nightcap on the front.


So you get the choice. The tour tee is $42. The print only is only $38. Use code VIP for an additional 10% off and now making this debut. It's our first merch commercial O Joe. We big tie D Check it out. Oh, we got a commercial. Yep, It is. Oh we Got, oh we got a commercial. Hey. Oh, I got a question. Yeah, what's up? Like I like the beat you, you coulda had me rapping on the, on the back end of that. Nah, we nah nigga. Well we hold off on that. We ain't want no features. You sure? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We good Man. Let me next. No, now listen, next time when we do the tour And, we got merch. Let me drop, let me drop a track. Nah, what we did, we wanted the fans to get involved so we let them be the the stars of of the the, Okay, okay.


Okay. Say that. Say, Oh, back to back games for the first time. I think in the NFL we had a Thursday this early in the season. We remember last year we had the Thursday night, the Thanksgiving day game. Yeah. And then we had a Black Friday game. But the opening season, the NFL game was back to back games Thursday night and a Friday. And the Green Bay Packers and the Philadelphia Eagles played in Brazil, got an international game early in the season. The prevailed 34 to 29. Jalen hurts 30 of 24, 2 78, 2 touchdowns, two ints sacked twice. Saquon Barkley came out big. He had 24 carriers, a buckle nine two touchdowns also caught four touchdown. AJ Brown, five catches a buck 19, one touchdown.


And Devonte Smith really sealed it late because he had some big catches late in the ball game. Seven catches for 84 yards. And then we have Jordan Love who got Nick at the end of the game. Gonna be interesting to see how serious that injury is. He was 17 or 34 for 2 62 touchdowns. One INT. He was sacked once. Josh Jacob 18 for 84. And Reed four catches for a buck 38 ocho. You watched this game before I give you my synopsis of it. Yeah. What what'd you think about this game Ocho? It it was a doozy at the beginning. I'm gonna be honest with you. It was a doozy at the beginning. 'cause I'm thinking, okay, high powered offenses, two really good quarterbacks.


Some of the best receivers in the game, you know they got them young bulls over there with the Packers. I'm thinking Jordan Love, they gonna come out there and air it out. Shoot the beginning of the game. Listen, horrible, horrible, stupid penalties on the Eagle Defense. Jalen Carter baby, we gotta do better baby. We gotta do better. Jordan Davis. Y'all should be dominating that interior. Y'all should be dominating that interior every time. The second half in the second quarter on towards the end of, towards the end of the second quarter. Like maybe in the eighth or ninth minute. From that point on, we had some football being played on both sides of the ball.


They started, they started putting, putting, putting series together, string it, stringing, stringing play after play after play getting draft together. The center and Jalen hurts. They got to get it together. Yeah, they got to get out. They listen. We done had training camp. I'm not sure what's going on. They, they got to get that together. The two interceptions also could have been costly. You gotta protect the ball. There's no reason that ball should have been thrown down the middle of the field in that coverage. Ja. Honestly, Ocho Ja, Hurtz could have had four picks. Oh yeah. Oh, Ja dropped, Dropped One towards the end And the corner and the corner out on the sideline.


He had one that's going to the end zone. Nixon? Yeah. Was it Nixon or Nixon? Lemme see what Nixon. Nixon, he dropped one. Yeah. Yeah. Shit. Hell Jordan Love had two too. Well he had, he had a house called Kobe Dean Dropped by by Dean. The, the intercept that that that that both of those guys threw. Yeah. I'm trying to figure out what Jordan, I still don't understand what Jordan loves saw. There's a whole safety. So in other words, there's cover one or cover three, whatever you want to call it. See how they rotate it. Yeah. There's a guy, there's a safety in the hole Coming down. Who picked the ball Down? The other guy is running with him and you still try to throw a scene. Yeah. I don't think he saw, I don't think he saw the safety though.


oht He is, That's pre-snap where he thought he was going. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't think he saw him obviously at pre-snap at Pres snip, excuse me, at pre-Snap. Once he dropped back, you know, his eyes are locked in downfield and on his target when he saw, when he saw the dude trailing, it was the Titan, wasn't it? That was a Titan wasn't it? Yeah. Yes. Craft I think. Yeah. But when he saw the dude trailing, tightening, he thought the titan, he thought the Titan was open not knowing the safety was sitting right there. Just baiting him. And he just, he broke on it right away. But Ocho I can see if they did, if they like, like the old Steelers, they lined up close and the safety didn't get And they, and they get shoot up outta there. They Lined up in the hole. Yeah. Yeah. He Lined up in the hole and then Hur Yeah, it looked like, and, and Hur on his interception.


I'm like, hurs, what did you see? It looked like it might've been Tampa. Two a quarter, quarter half. I couldn't really, I couldn't really see. But the safety, I'm like, bro, you throw that man, you know, you can't throw the ball like that Ocho. And, And then, then, then he, he, he left it in there. If you, you got, you gotta, you gotta shoot that, that Thing gotta be up and down, Up and down right away. But listen, it, it was a good game. It had it, it had, it was a good game in spurts. Yes. Yes. It had was it was a good game in spurts. Listen, when they came out, the end of the end of the second quarter was unbelievable for both sides of the ball. Yeah. All for both offenses. Both defenses.


And then at the beginning at, at, at the half when they came outta halftime, that thing was, that thing was looking good. It was, and then it, it, it went to, it went to sleep Again. It went to Snoozefest. It went to a Snoozefest and then it picked up a little bit on the, for the Eagles and got Jayden Reed, I, I tweeted it not too long ago. His name in Jayden Reed for you casual fans that don't know. And he showed out even, even though they did lose, He played well. He played well. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Yes sir. Jordan Love. He had a look when they really could have put some separation between themselves and the Eagles. Yes sir. Jordan Love had two series that really cost him the game.


If you go back and look, he has the receiver, he has, I think it's Reed screaming across the field on the over route. He skips that to him. Oh yeah, He Has, he has dos on the, on the dagger route. He throws that behind him. Behind him. Yeah. Then He has dos on the speed out. He throws that behind him. Yeah. I'm like, bro Ocho and he gotta stop throwing so much off that back foot. I know we get enamored by Rogers. We get enamored by Mahome, but bro, you gotta stop throwing off your back foot because that's why the ball is sailing on you and is being late getting there. And it's okay to step up forward into the pocket And lay go.


He Refused. He just wanna retreat and throw off his back foot, step up in the pocket, ship your weight and throw the ball, bro. Yep. And if the fun, the funny thing about it is, is the fact that he sat behind Rogers all that time. Yes. You can tell the mannerisms and the way he mimics and throws and all the different arm angles that he does have. He's gotten them from Aaron Rogers. But at, at some Aaron Rogers has, look Jordan Love has arm strength as well. He has arm strength as well. I'm not sure if it's to the velocity of Aaron Rogers. So he's able to get away with some of those throws where the mechanics are all outta whack, but the ball is still able to get there on time because of his accuracy. So I think that's something, oh my, my goodness. I'm not sure if you could actually break that goddamn habit at this point.


Now the season is starting. I'm sure it's something that they can work on, you know, to get him going, to get him back on the basics. Get him back on the basic fundamentals of being able to execute and process on not only doing your reads before you throw the ball, but having your mechanics and your footwork and your foot, your, your, your left foot pointed in the right direction. Yeah. Before you're throwing the ball and get away from what you saw Aaron Rods doing. Because if you, if you, if you watch him, him and Aaron look exactly the goddamn same from a mechanical standpoint. When it's time to throw the ball. Yes. But there, there are some opportunities that, like I said, I thought they could have got some separation between them and the Eagles. Yeah, most definitely. Because whatever re the Eagles couldn't get out of their own way. The court Jalen threw a terrible interception and then the center snaps the ball.


That is not on Jalen hurt. He's going through his cadence and the center snaps the ball and he kind of hit him in the arm that's on the center. And then he throws another terrible interception. Yeah. He got away with a couple but late in the ball game. Oh, hold On. What about the touch push The touch push fumble too? Yes. Yeah. Oh yeah. The center looked like the center didn't even snap it all the way up to the top Boy. They dodged the bullet on that one ocho. Oh yeah, They, they did. So honestly, really the Eagles lost his, I mean, not the Eagles, the Packers lost this game. The Eagles didn't really win it. If you think about it. No. If you look at all the opportunities that the, the Packers had to actually run away, not run away with the game, take put some Separation between them. Yes. Yeah. Put yeah, exactly. Put some separation between them. They, they, they didn't, they didn't take advantage of the opportunities.


I know one thing were they, you could tell it was weak, you can tell it was week one. Yeah. Could anybody line up O Joe? Can anybody line up and stop all these illegal shifts? Illegal formation. Oh yeah. Two guys going in motion. What The hell? At the same time, how you go to Guy. Yeah. Now when did y'all ever done that? Never. Well wait, honestly, wait a minute. Think about it now. Two people can be in motion, but before the snap of the ball both have to be set. Yes. But I think the play clock was running down and he had to herb and snip the ball, snap the ball. So those are the things that you can fix. Those are the kind of mistakes you expect teams to make in week one. Even though you've been through training camp, even though you've done it, you had repetition after repetition after repetition in live action mistakes like they're gonna be had.


Yeah. But I, I know one thing you could tell it was week one, but you can tell both teams defensively and offensively have so much potential, you know, by the time, by the time they hit week four or week five and everything is really rolling. Yeah. And they in sync with that chemistry. Oh, it's gonna be na it's gonna be nasty. I hope Jordan Love is okay too. Yeah. The Eagles defense, they showed some grit early in the game when that game could have because they had, Jalen Hurtz had two costly turnovers early. Yeah. And the Eagles held him with six points. Yeah. That's really what the difference in the ball game Mocho, because the game could have got away from you so, so early. But give the Eagles defense, Vic Fangio, he was brought in there to, to revitalize that.


So he Right. They did that a good job of keeping the packers out of the end zone with those two early turnovers. Yeah. But yeah, the Packers squandered some opportunity. He had Christian Watson running at the back of the end zone and I don't know if he slipped or he just overshot him. It looked like he over shot Him. You know what happened? He now, he overshot him a little bit, but the push the, the, the the little shove from the safety Yeah. Threw 'em off balance just a tad bit. We wasn't able to get to that ball. Yeah. Just that, just that little shove. It messed up everything. But I tell you what, it's a, it's a great feeling to be one and oh as opposed to oh one with this little mini buy.


You feel good, you have to go and have to travel what, probably 10, 11 hours back, back home. You're banged up. I don't know. I don't know if Well, look, I've never gone on a, a, a long trip where I had to play a whole lot. So normally when I went on international flight told Joe I didn't play myself to get sore. Right, Right, right, right, Right. So, but the, you know, so it was, it's a big difference actually playing a meaningful game because normally it was early in the preseason and so we only playing a series, maybe two series at the max now. Right. In 92 we played in Berlin and hell I played up until the third quarter because you know, Dan wanted to, you know, wanted me to play a little more because they was gonna ask me to do a little more that year. So that was really my first year of getting heavy, heavy minutes in the regular season.


So he wanted me to go a little bit longer and I totally understood that. But for the most part, Ocho we played overseas. I wasn't playing long enough to get sore. You played at least 60, played 65 plays in this game. Your ass sore if you played. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most Could ask you your thing on your, I'm wanna ask you this. Yes sir. There's 30 seconds on the damn clock. Yeah. You hadn't run the ball outta the end zone the whole fing night. You got no timeouts. What makes you run the ball? Special teams coach, head coach leave the ball in the end zone. We're gonna get it. Plus and no time goes off the clock. Yeah. Okay. Guess what? They get the ball.


He runs it out, runs time off the clock and he off the 15 yard short of where he would've gotten the ball and no time would've gone up the clock if, If, if he took a knee. Yeah. So now when Jalen hurts, throws that pass, imagine putting it up 15 yards further than what it was. You see sometimes that's what we talk about when we talk about football IQ and basketball iq. It's plays like that. That irks me. What makes you so ocho? So in the first half, the second half, the second quarter when they scored, you didn't run it out. Right Now you behind, you got no time out. Now you wanna play. You see what happened when you try to play hero ball?


Ocho hero Ball. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, that, that was that. Did I, I don't know. I listen. That's why, that's why I said, that's why I said you could tell it's week one as much preparation as they did before this game. You can still see the mistakes, the mental mistakes. Not even by just the players themselves, by the coaches as well. When certain situations like this come up again, now you've already, you've already been through it and you understand, well, you know what, we can't do that. We can't have common sense. Yeah. This sometime coming. Joe, lemme ask you question. Common sometime. Common sense ain't common, man. Ocho Lemme ask you a question. There's 30 seconds on the clock and you catch the ball. What you, what what you gonna do? Ocho? You got no time?


Oh, I'm, I'm, Oh, I'm, I'm taking a knee. You don't, I'm you definitely taking a knee. You got no timeouts. You catch the ball. What you trying to do? Ocho taking knee? Get outta bounds. Get outta get outta bound. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yeah. So I'm just trying to figure out why when you had 12 minutes on the clock, 13 minutes on the clock, you got three timeouts, you don't run the ball out. But in this situation you got no timeouts and there's only 30 seconds. Now you wanna be a hero and take it to the house. You see that? It's things like that, that, that, that, I mean, the coach, look, I get it. The coach would always, I mean, that was my job when I was on special teams. The call always try to brief the guys.


Okay. Hey, look guys, we ain't got no timeouts. Hey, we're gonna leave it in the end zone. Right? So forth and so on. Or we gotta make sure we cover, okay, we gotta leave. We just took the lead on the late second to la last second field goal or last second touchdown. Okay guys, let's make sure we cover, let's make sure we stay in our lane now. You know, a we hadn't seen that return a yeah, Alto be on. Look for it. Lilo Halle be on the look for that return coming back your way now. Right. So you letting the guys know we hadn't seen that return. Now's a good time for them to bring it out because what the hell do they have to lose? Oh Lord. See, this is why I can't play. But I tell you what, everybody know what the hell to do on mine.


Everybody know what to do on COD. Everybody know you do on Minecraft, but you don't know what the f to do when it comes to the game. The thing that's paying you and allow you to get these fancy ass chairs and all those great setups. You now all of a sudden what? The coach ain't tell me the coach it the coach ain't tell you how to play COD Who told them guys how to play COD Ocho ain't no coach, ain't nobody coaching them. Ain't nobody telling what to do. But they can play that thing. Oh, can't nobody beat me in Madden. Can't nobody beat me in NCAA Re repetition. Huh? Repetition. Well repetition and do that. Stay your ass in the end zone with 30 seconds in no time out. You know damn well ain't the thing is ocho, we've seen it in the preseason and we've seen the two games.


Ain't nobody even come close. Most of the time they don't even bring it out. Right. I mean, it looks so, I'm like, I'm like, ain't nobody gonna move. I mean, it's almost doesn't even seem real because the guy kicked the ball and the guy can't take off running That can't take off until he catches it. Yeah. I'm like, I don't know how everybody else feeling about it, don't you? But I ain't liking this new kickoff rule. I really, and I get why they doing it. I get why they're Doing it. I, I get why the, the safety reasons. I, I understand as well. But I think one of the things that the NFL is doing is they, they're trying to crack down on people getting hurt in the collisions that happened on kickoff. Yes. I don't think, I don't think they're gonna be very many kickoffs at all because I told the commissioner of that everybody's kicker, everybody's kicker has a, a strong leg at this point.


Yes.


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go. Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Additional terms and responsible gaming resources. CDK eng.co/ft ball l plus premium offer available only to new and former l plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day needs today. Back the day. Make it alright.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal wind chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Just put the ball into 25 or the 30 and say just go play and let's go. Yeah, because they've been trying, listen, they've been trying to get these collisions out of the game, right? They're trying to figure out how, because most of the concussions happens on these plays because think about where they're coming from. Okay, you got a guy now the guy running full speedo. So by the time he hits somebody he running at, at bare minimum 15 Oh yeah. To 20 miles an hour. Easy. The other guy coming this way, he's running 10 to 15 miles an hour. So when they can line, that's a 40 miles an hour impact. Yeah. Oh yeah. You wanna know what it feels like to run a just line up. I tell you what you do 20 yards.


I want you to get your hard hat from Lowe's home Depot, put on your overcoat and line up 20 yards and run into your garage as hard as you fucking can. Me. If you wanna see, if you wanna know what it feels like to be on kickoff kick return, pun pun return because I played the ball for three years. Yeah. If you wanna know what it feels like, man, people Shannon, what does it feel like to be? And I've been knocked out and I've knocked some guy's ass out on that. Right, right, right. Yeah. I used to, I used to be in the wedge as a rookie too. You used too, like they used to be in the wedge. I was, I was in the wedge. I was in the wedge. They used to have, I mean the charger used to have a wedge weighed over a thousand pounds.


Real what? Yes. Who They had. Who they had in there. Anybody I know. No, they had like had like tools for more, they had two sub like D tackles and a long offensive lineman. 3 30, 3 45, 3 50. And you know, back then OCHO used to come together. They hold hands. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They they sure did. They sure did. Yeah. And So now you gotta have somebody to try to take 'em out. But you, but you couldn't go lower so you had to have somebody had to be a wedge buster. You had a couple of guys that were wedge called wedge busters. Yeah Man. Oh, I part of that. Forget, leave it Barcelona.


1994. Yeah. Richard Smith with our special teams coach and he Hey he gets you fired up Ocho he gets you fired up now back before the game. Yeah, right. He's like, what I want, I want guys to go over that wall. I need somebody that's gonna bus that fing. We and you see guys get geek because this the opportunity ocho. Hey play good. Special team. Make the team. Hey, the more you do team. Yeah. Hey, better your chance of stay. I need somebody to go over that fing wall. Okay. Sure enough. We get to a, we kick off, right? They get back to the wedge. Anthony Lynn used to be coach of the Chargers.


He's at the, I think he's the OC Dodge the commanders Right? Right over the top of the, the wedge. Guess what Ocho He, he jumped over it. He hit the wedge. Went over the top. Yeah. Broke his leg. Ah. But you know how he got the job. Ah, I used to be, I used to be on the return. I was like Right. I was one of the two guys in the return. So there's a guy and then I, there's a guy over there and he looking at me. Hey let's come. So we in special teams meeting. I said, rich Richard Smith say, hey, people don't believe it, but he tells the story.


I say, rich, you wanna lead the NFL and kick returns. He showing the film. He stop it. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. Did y'all hear that Ocho He stood up. Did y'all hear that? Yeah. My all pro tight end, pro tight end wants to lead the league in kick return. I said, well you need to take me off the cup. My man gonna make the tackle every time. Hey, the next day, Hey Lynn, you up. Ask Alen, ask Richard Smith. Ask anybody there. I told him that. I said, coach, you wanna lead the league of kid returns? He got all fired up. I said, well you need take me off because my man ain't gonna make the tackle Every time I was off I yo I was off that thing.


But my first three years, because that was the only, yeah. At that point in time now I had led the team in, in reception. Right. So I had better myself now if they needed me. But my first three years, Yeah, you was on there getting that. What? You was getting that work, huh? I Was L three. I was a L three on kick. I was LL three on kick on kick return. Yeah. I was in the front line. I was a guard. Yeah. On the kick return. I was a Ki L three on kick off. Right. Right down the upcoming ocho. I'm coming ocho. See, but so you, you don't remember my rookie year when I was in the wedge and then on kick then, then on kickoff I was L two.


Well you the safety you probably put the pill pack. Yeah, I was, I was the safety. Yeah, but I'm saying on kickoff, I was in the wedge. Hold on. No you mean kick return you in the wedge. Oh, Kick return. I was in the wedge. I was in the Middle too. Like to be in the wedge. They never, yeah, they're never gonna put nobody under the, under under two other in the wed. Why ain't never seen me hit No, when I came in as a rookie, I was like 2 35. That's why I was on the wedge. Ojo. I ain't gonna lie to you Ojo. If they'd have put you in the wedge, they'd have hit you so hard in the top of your head. You the people out your ribs and thought you in jail. No, No. I'm, I'm telling you, You talking with somebody that been in there, you didn't want no part of that. IIII was in the wedge in the 2000. What you talking about? I had how you think I made the team?


I done made the team playing Receiver you a second round pick. That's how you made the team. You ain't gonna be in that wedge. You too little. You you just saw me in person and saw how big I am. I did. So think about this Ocho think about how, how much, 'cause as you start, as we start to age, most of us, we get little old man girth and stuff on us. Can you imagine how skinny you was in your early twenties? If you like this now in your forties? Yeah. I mean I'm as, as a rookie, you gotta remember coming from coming from the combine and putting all the extra weight and all the extra mass on me to perform. I was, I was, honestly I was about two 15. But, But listen Dick, listen.


I'll never forget Dick Lebo. Dick Lebo was the head coach at that time. And they were so impressed with me on special teams that I really ain't touch the field at receiver. Yeah. I was a special team expert. Oh yeah. But you know, back then Ocho I mean anything goes, it wasn't like it is now where you couldn't, you know, you couldn't take off running. 'cause they done changed the rules before they implemented this ocho you couldn't even lead to the guy kicked the ball. Well, hell, I line up behind the kicker and when he drop his hands, I'm taking off running when he kicked that ball, I'm in all sprint by the time that, because you know, they, they retreat and by the time they do this Ocho You right in their face. I'm In their chest.


I mean their chest. Yeah. I'm dead in this chest. But congratulations to the Eagles. Go on the road in Brazil, 34 29 Victors over the Packers. And that field was some bull drive. It was, it was was, it was bad. It was bad. But listen, listen, players have no reason slipping because you had pre-game warmup. You tested the field the day before. So you already knew your ass needed a goddamn studs. Anyway, Stu, you gotta go. Everybody wanted, everybody wanna wear those soccer bottoms. Cute. But you gotta realize Ocho cute, they heavy soccer players don't be weighing 200 pounds moving like that. Oh no. Double Joke. 1 65, maybe one 70 At, at best You better get your ass some seven studs and sit down in them things.


They they changed. They changed them after a while though. You notice that people stopped, they people stopped flipping after a while. Yeah, That's, that was the whole purpose. I mean, look, I used to always seven studs and then I went to tempo bottom, what we call speed TD bottoms. I don't know if they still call 'em tempo bottoms, you know what I'm saying? Right, right, right. The mo the molded bottoms. But I had, I I, I like seven because Ocho I didn't wanna slip. The last thing I wanna do is get an opportunity to make a ha you know, I slip the balls accepted or I slip and I miss a touchdown or a key catch. So Uhuh, there was only, there was only one place where I had to wear seven Stu. And that was when we went to Heinz Field. Oh, Steven. Yeah. I I think, I think back, back during those days, obviously it was, it was, it was a running era.


I think Heinz, they kept their feel messy Yeah. To keep the opposing team at a disadvantage. Yeah. Because They would been running the football day trying to throw it all over the place until they got Big Ben. Yeah. Yeah. They were running the football, right. Yeah. They showed, they showed were They were running it. Yeah. And you know, that's how the Steelers, the Steelers used to be built. They played defense and they ran the football, Ran the ball. Yeah. They always played defense and they always, they ran the football until they got Big Ben. And then when they got Big Ben, they still played hell of a defense. But They, they started throwing it all over the yard. The Saquon Barkley three touchdowns are tied for the most by any player in a team's debut in the Super Bowl era.


Ocho guess who was the last Eagles players to do that? What three Super Bowl? Three tds in the Super Bowl era. Yep. For the Eagles last, The last Eagle Ricky, I'm gonna say Ricky Wallace In a debut. In his debut. Oh, debut. You know him very well. To Yeah. To yeah. The Giants that two thou, that was, that wasn't oh five. What year? What year was that? Oh four. Yeah. Oh four. Oh four. How, you know what? Matter of fact, speaking of Saquon and the game he had tonight, his debut as an eagle, how you think the Giants feel?


Well how do you think they feel? I mean, how, how you think they feel? How do you steal? And I listen, I I I argued with a dude tonight. He said there's no reason paying a running back like that. It didn't make any sense. 'cause all the giants were gonna do is they were gonna lose anyway. Well, I mean, You want keep your best players. That's what I, that's what I look at. Regardless of the position. You keep your best player. Thank you. Thank you. Now you pay the quarterback. And people's like, well, okay. And I was like, Saquon gotta feel like he's in heaven because look, he ain't gotta dodge everybody in the backfield. He gets to get there least to the line of scrimmage without getting helmet put on him. And they like, well y'all talk about Saquon didn't have any room to run, but y'all criticize Daniel Jones. Daniel Jones though. A lot of those interceptions, he hitting guys in the chest.


He ain't always getting sacked now. Right, right. Ah, But I'm happy for saquon. I I, I'm happy For him. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, and look, what, what you saw tonight, it's only, it's only gonna get better. It's only gonna get better with AJ Brown playing like that with Devonte Smith playing like that. And then he is running the ball like that. Yes. With that type, with that type of efficiency. At some point, at one point he was getting eight yards of goddamn damn carry. He quick. I mean, he hit the hole one time. I was like, damn, Quan. Oh, that touchdown on that touchdown run don't show that person. Yeah. Yeah. Who I mean that, that he, Hey, he hit the hole on that one quick. Yeah. Oh, hold on. In the back, the back, the back.


The backer playing around. Now he ain't want no, he he ain't want none of that. He, the, the backer was playing. I'm not sure who, I'm not, I don't, I'm I'm, I'm bad with names. Especially when it comes to defenders. Okay. That second level that backer could have made that play. He, he went right along with the block in the wash when you could have shared that and made a, made a tackle. But that's just me. Hey, I don't know this kid, this is Zach Broun or where he came from, but he raised hell tonight. 15 tackles, 11 solo, two sacks on a tackle below blanking ship. A tremendous safety. He had eight tackles, four solo. But I thought the, the key difference in the ball game was early on keeping him out of the end zone.


'cause that could be de That that could have been instead of six, that could have been, that could have been 14. 14. Absolutely. And that would've changed the game. Yep. That would've changed the game. So Now in a situation like that, Ocho, I don't have to get outta my game plan because the touchdown and I'm in the lead, even though I played bad up until this point, I scored touchdown. I'm in the lead now. So I feel com they, they had to feel comfortable knowing that as bad as we played, we're only down, we're only down a touchdown. Right. As opposed to being down two scores, which would've kind of been demoralizing. But the Eagles found a way to, to withstand the early pressure by the Packers and they win 29, 30, 34, 29. The Eagles won Saquon Barkley and his debut three touchdowns, 109 rush yards to go along with two catches, 23 yards and another touchdown.


So Saquon had him sat quite a day in his debut. Yeah. Okay. To tonight much of the NFL game. But it won't be the last. Earlier today, Roger Goodell said the NFL focuses on playing at least seven international games next season. That would include Spain, the United Kingdom and Germany. And. we went to Germany, we played in Berlin back in 92. Right. He also added, we hoped to go back to Mexico. We played a preseason game in Mexico and certainly tend to be back here in Brazil playing seven more international games next year. Will step would be a step up from the five schedule for this year. In addition to the ninth Games. There are three more games. Ocho, London, Munich, and Germany.


Hold on. Munich. Munich in Germany, huh? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So one is in London, one is in Munich. Where's the other one? Oh two are two are in London. Okay. They got two in London and one in Munich. Okay. You know, know three In London. Oh. They got three in London. Ocho one in Munich, three. And you know, it'd be really dope. Yeah. Is, you know, soccer season just started. Yeah. Everybody's on international break right now. But I mean these, these games you talk about the two, the three in London or this year? Yeah, the one in Munich. Yep. I would hope, I would hope, I mean, if I was still playing, I would hope we fly out a little earlier than normal.


Like maybe a week in advance. That might be a little a, a little bit, you know, a exaggerated, I would love to fly in advance and go to a game. Who, 'cause you know, soccer season is during the same time as football. Who Gonna fly out The, the team? What team? Whoever's Playing in London this year. Oh. Oh, I thought you talking about us. I said man, you at your damn mind. No, no, no. Nah. That's, I'm just saying. If I was playing, I would love if the team flew out early. So, you know, on a day off, bro, I can catch a soccer game. Ocho, you know how teams grow. They not trying to do anything. They're trying to control as much time as you can. When you got, when you played with the Bengals, y'all got y'all ass to the city. 3 30, 4 o'clock, four 30 and then you had meetings at seven.


They not trying to give you no time to do nothing. Yeah. Unc well we talk about, we talk about a seven, eight hour flight all the way across the water. The water man, they have done and they say the best thing to do is to get there the day before. Treat it like a regular game. Get up and go play. Oh hell, hell no. I'm just telling you. Absolutely, absolutely. They they can't do that. They can't do that. They can't do that. You got for, for one, you have to give, you have to fly. You gotta fly early. I'm, to me, I'm thinking maybe three days early. Allow the Get time. Ain't gonna three days early. They just got there Thursday When they flew to Brazil. Yeah. Th Oh, they ain't just get there yesterday. Come on.


When did they get there? What'd they get there? I guarantee you they ain't get no three days early. Nah, they, they been there at at least A week. No, hell no. They got, there's no way they flew in yesterday. That's impossible. Ain't no way. They flew in yesterday and played game night Up. But this game was in Corinthians Arena in South Sao Paulo. The other one, Sao, the next one is the Jets, Minnesota in Tottenham of Jacksonville, Chicago is gonna be in Tottenham and the stadium Hot Spur in New England. Jacksonville will be in Wembley Jackson. And then the Giants Carolina Lawrence Arena in Munich.


Ooh, that's that's gonna be nice boy, that's gonna be nice. They arrived in Brazil last night. What? They arrived in Brazil last night. I told you, I talked the team and they say through the expert they talk to, it's best to get there and treat it just like a normal game. I'm just telling you what I was told. Now if it's a lie, I know I'm, they lied to me. You, you know what? At the, after a flight like that, at the flight, a flight that long, if I'm not mistaken, a flight to Brazil is what, eight, nine hours? Something like that. Yeah, 10, 12 probably 10 12. How Long, how long, how long is the flight from Brazil to, from Philly to Brazil And one day in advance and then you go out and play football?


Yeah. Man, they tripping man. They Tripping man. We, we used Ocho when we flew international, we had to go to the state, we go to the hotel change. A lot of times we didn't go 'cause we had to pack a change of clothes. And, we go straight to the thing and go to practice, go to Japan. After Practice you mean? You mean walkthrough? Oh, we got a good run in. Oh, when Dan, there wasn't no walkthrough. We ran, we spread It. Okay. Because they didn't want us to go go to back because you tired. The first thing I'm gonna go do, I'm gonna go to bed. Bed. Yep, yep, yep. Oh that's crazy. Well, that day before 10 hour flight Child please. Yeah, the fourth.


So the day is the what? The sixth. So they arrived on the fourth that night. So then, like I said, yeah Dana, that's it. They not going in there early That early. Early because they said that it's Vest on the body. Go ahead. The Green Bay Packers, it took them 10 hour, 10 hour, 10 hours, 40 minutes to reach Sa Paulo on the seven. Seven. So basically it's a double decker. The eagle was a nine and a half hour flight. One of the Packer's initial concerns about playing in Brazil, sending a team traveling, whether they could get a large enough plane to land in Green Bay off the Rebel. Which is in Appleton, right?


No, that's Green Bay. Green Bay. Green Bay. If not, they would have to bust a Milwaukee, a two hour ride than a larger plane Means more pods for players to stretch out. The Eagles made an adjustment for the account along commute instead of the usual one meal during travel. They had two. They had two. Yeah. The focus on extra hydration. And the group was encouraged to stay awake during the trip so they could sleep well once they arrived. Arrived in Brazil Thursday night. That's crazy work, man. See that's why, that's why I didn't go to sleep when we went to France. That's right. That's what the guy said. He said, SHA, make sure you stay. Hey, that, that's crazy.


The is that we arrived early that morning, right? We left Saturday night and arrived early, su early that morning. But no, that's what I think, that's what I've been told the teams that take these large flights right?


It is like, nope. It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back to it, Back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, Back to business, Back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day needs today, back the day. Make it.


Alright. Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal wind chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Attention parents and grandparents. Is your child struggling to ride a bike or ready to start? Meet guardian bikes the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young writers the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes no code needed. Plus receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding


Ocho. There's a video making rounds today of the Ravens tight end. Isaiah likely unloading. Hey, hey, hey. Excellent chief fans. After a hour long the video shows him walking in the tunnel and screaming FUB. This was minute after toll landed out of bounds at the back of the end zone in the final seconds. Right. Oh Joe, are you okay with understandable behavior? Yes. You, you listen fan heckling, you talking shit and you say something back. That's part, that's part of the game for sure. That's part of the game. He, I'm talking about They were talking slick. If you, if you turn it up and listen, the fan says something slick. He said shut up bitch.


He kept it moving. Yeah, I mean that's, that's, that's not that bad. It's it's not that bad. It's nothing that should get him in trouble or anything like that. No. Hell no. I mean that, that, that's just normal. That's your, your normal everyday trash talk. You say something me? Yeah, I'm saying something back. Yeah, for Sure. Long throw, like long the fan ain't throw nothing. No. Long as you ain't nothing racial ain't throw as long as ain't nothing racial. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It deal with just some words. Just some words. And listen, that ain't nothing. What do you call those things? They got on the side, on the, on the sideline that pick up everything that everything you say. Oh, oh. The the mics. The what? Whatever the boom mic. Now you, you, you, you think, you think him saying Shut up bitch, bitch is bad. Let them mics let everybody hear what everybody's saying on the field.


Yeah. If you think that's bad man, that, that wasn't nothing just, you know, little emotionally, emotionally he upset. Yeah, you was say he did what he Yeah. If likely he wore a size nine shoe, that would've been a touchdown. Nah, Ain't finna be six foot four with a size nine that he ain't gonna be able to walk. He Hey, I, I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Yeah. I'm like, hey. Yeah, like look, I, I don't, I don't have, I don't have a problem look like a lot of times, like I said, as long as it's not racial, you are like, hey, y'all lost, you suck. Okay, fine. You know? Yeah. I ain't got no problem with that. I hope people sit and say, look at, I say, I tell you what your tequila spikes next wife like it, man.


Hey, see that shit just let be all cut. But her, that's the first thing they say. People who attack you on social media, it'd be women. And then when you cut their ass up. Oh, is that how you talk to women? Yeah. Women that talk to me like that. That's exactly how I talk to y'all punk ass. I mean, people feel like, oh, because you Shannon Sharpe you on television. Right. I should be able to say whatever I wanna say to you, want, I should be able to insult you. And because you on television and you make millions, like all of a sudden, because I'm on television, I'm not human. Right. All of a sudden I don't have a family. All of a sudden I ain't got kids. So we gonna talk to you and say whatever. Now the moment I shoot the ass up, obviously figuratively.


Yeah. Now all of a sudden, does E fpn know you talk to people? Did Fox know you talked to people like this? Well, did your, do your employer know you ont here talking crazy and reckless. See me? I like it. Everybody know me. I, I'm, I'm very respectful and everything. I tweet out and I'll, I'll engage. A lot of times they're like, oh, why you engaging with these people? But then when they try to get dis disrespectful, oh, I gotta get you. Yeah, I gotta get you, I'm gonna let you know. Yeah. Okay. Now I know y'all see me in the suit and tie, but y'all forgot now I was real slick with my tongue. Hey. Okay.


And then all of a sudden, oh, oh. But I wonder if EPN no. Oh, that, that that's Their favorite. I'm sure they monitored, but they also follow what you saying I was provoked. Yeah. That's, that's their favorite, that's their favorite thing to say. Yeah. Always go to the employer. Yeah. That's, listen, I always been the way I am. Oh, I haven't changed. I haven't changed since day one. I've always been like this. If you follow me on Twitter, I'm always tweeting. Yes. I'm always positive. Always. I love you. But if you shoot, I'm gonna shoot back with you and, and I'm gonna keep going. Yeah. Dude, I, I'm gonna keep going. You remember when Tom Brady, when Tom Brady, this thing with, I think was, was the floodgate. And you know, I was gonna be, you know me, I was going back and forth with the, some Patriots fan and one guy tried to be slick talking about, you look like Mr.


Ed. I said, yeah, your mama said gi up last night. You know what I'm saying? You know, he, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Oh no, You, you hit him with, you hit him with the mama, Joe. Wait, I sure did. Hey, I know you were hot boy. Oh yeah. I knew you were hot. Oh yeah. Oh, I know you were hot. Oh, yeah. But that's what I'm saying. I'm trying to figure out if y'all dislike somebody for me. If I don't, if I don't like you, I'm not following you. Right. And I'm definitely not gonna jump on your timeline to try to insult you. Right. If I don't f with you, I'm not gonna buy your music. I'm not gonna go to any of your, I'm not gonna go to any of your movies. I, okay. I don't f with you, but I'm definitely not gonna jump on your timeline to try to say something slick.


Why y'all want, I mean, I'm one of the most, I'm one of the, I'm probably one of the celebs, a former athletes, whatever you wanna call me, that I'll engage fans. Hey man, what was this? I said, well, this is what I saw, blah, blah, blah. But then all of a sudden everybody feel like they wanna be able to say something slick. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, listen, Twitter, social media in general is a gift and a curse. And I enjoy it. I embrace all of it. I like, I like the positivity. So do I. Yes. I like the, I like, I like the ne negativity. I like a, I like a happy balance. I don't want all nice stuff being said to me. And sometimes I need you to talk shit. I wanna hear The bad truth. Well, if you want, if you, the Bad, the bad shit. You say it keep me goddamn damn humble sometimes, even though it won't.


But still, I like to hear it just to keep me grounded a little bit. I was talking to the dude Ocho and I said something and he didn't even say, he didn't even repeat basically what I said. Right. So I just told him, I said, I could tell that you was rewarded with your grades with cookies and stars. I could tell that's what you got all the way through high school cookies and stars and you didn't get a diploma. You got a certificate paid for attending. You know, I'm just saying your man, I, I don't, I don't wanna just try to insult people, but y come on my timeline. I ain't looking for y'all. I don't follow y'all. I welcome people to follow me. Hey, she, hey, love the show. Love unc and Ocho. Love you such and such.


Hey, I disagree with you on this, but you still cool, but when y'all try to insult me. Yeah. I got now sometimes I, this is how I do it, Ocho, if I gotta think about it because I'm really gonna cut your ass up. I, I won't, I won't press in because I, I've written some stuff. I'm like, ooh, I don't know Shannon. That, that, that, that, that, that gonna go deep. That's too, that's too much. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Send your ass to the trauma center. I don cut. I'm trying to send your ass to the trauma center. Right. So I'm just letting y'all know I Go ahead Rachel. Go Ahead. Go ahead. No, I was just gonna say it, it makes, it makes social media fun though. To me.


To me, you know, for those who it doesn't bother. I like the negativity and I like the mixture of positivity with it. It just, it just, it just makes social media that much better to me. Some people can't take it. You know, they're, they're, I I don't wanna use the word weak. I don't wanna use that. So I, for lack of better words, let, let's go on to the next topic before I say the wrong thing. The Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Steelers has officially listed Russell Wilson as questionable for Sunday's matchup against the Falcons. Damn. Russ is been nursing a calf injury that could sideline him for the Oprah opener. According to En Rappaport feels is expected to make his Steelers debut and get the start against the Falcons. I shit. Oh, yo, you know Fields is from, he's from the Atlanta area.


He went to Harrison High School, you know. Hey, who is his favorite? Lemme, I'll give you one. Guess who you think was his favorite player growing up? Michael Vick. And to go back in there in that dome. Damn. Now hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, man. Yeah, you lost that man. And yeah. Russell Wilson ain't starting. No. Are we sure? Are we sure about this? We don't know. Or are we sure? Hey, oh, so is a game is a Gametime decision. Okay. I'm asking you, is it a Gametime decision? I don't know what is that where we're at? Hold On hold. It ain't the game. Yes sir. And it ain't time for me to say it, but I just know this, when I talk to you on, on Sunday, make sure you got my money. Yeah. Wait, Russell Wilson already won the starting job.


So what, what is that? If He starting the first game of the season, He won the job. He can't say Is he starting the first game of the season. Okay, now you cheating. How you cheating? If he won the job and Mike to, to the name him the starter for the season, you can't say because he injured his calf. That had nothing to do with him losing the quarterback battle that I lost the bet. Okay, so lemme ask you a question. How did, technically You already lost the bet and I ain't even asked for my money. How did, and you reminded me that we did bet. How did Tom Brady get the job? Mo Lewis hit Drew Bledso in the chest. Drew Bledso was named the starter.


This ain't finna be no Wally pto. This ain't finna be one of them. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Listen, Russell Wilson playing, you know how I know he playing. How you know One thing about a praying man when it come to injury, you know, God put hands on you and all will be well. Okay. I know that. And I guarantee, I guarantee you number three, walk out there and lead them still as a victory. I mean, I I bet that I've heard Justin Fields says though, you know, he give a lot of credit to God too. Well, I don't know if they serve the same God, but the God Russell Wilson serve is, is a, is a good guy and he always on time Jamar Chase addressed the report.


Yeah. That he wants one penny. Let's break. Jamar Chase addressed the report that he wants one penny more than Justin Jefferson. Let's take a listen to what Jamar had to say about that. Fuck your shit, boy. Yeah, yeah. What I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. That ain't nothing. That ain't nothing but confidence. That's come, that's, that's how you talk when you know your top three in the league right there. You hear me, huh? Yeah. And that, that's how you talk when you know your top three. Matter of fact, his resume speaks for itself even though it's early in his career. Matter of fact, before he even got here, before he even got to the NFL, what did he say? I'm coming in and I'm gonna break every record. What did he do as rookie up? He broke a Record.


Yep. Man, that's somebody you play. You ain't even play with him like that. You give him his money and you know what, you know what a little birdie told me? What a little bird told me. It's probably gonna get done before kickoff. It's probably gonna get done before kickoff or everything he said today is in jest. It's probably gonna get done before kickoff. And if it doesn't get done, notice also, for those that have heard the interview, he'll be used in very small, minimal packages to make sure he doesn't get hurt. But I think ain't gonna get done. But man o that's what, that's what little, that's what little Birdie told me. O matter of fact, I'm a I'm gonna break it before Adam Chef to break it. Ojo, how about that? You know, you can't play football like that. You can't play football in small pack.


You can't go out there but not trying to get hurt, you gotta just go balls to the wall. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I'm saying even though he going to play for the packages that he's going to to be in are going to be small is what I meant. I didn't mean he's going to chill, he gonna go a hundred zero to a hundred, but just to sparingly in certain packages. I don't even like the way that sounds. Exactly. So if you, if you, if you gonna play that, if you gonna play, he's one of the, you say he's top three, why the hell you playing him in packages? Oh. 'cause that money ain't right. Okay. If the money ain't right, the play ain't right. Hey, listen, lemme tell you something now I I want people to understand. Listen, I love, I love the ci city of Cincinnati.


I love my Bengal fans. I love the organization. One thing about it, chase is the same one who forego his senior season. Don't forget now, and sat down to make sure he didn't get hurt. You hear me? Oh, I believe it. Yeah, for sure. They Would stay, stay with me now because when I told y'all he's not touching that field until he gets paid. I want you to understand what he's already done before. Oh, he, oh, I'm, you know what? I'm gonna forego my whole senior season to make sure I don't get hurt. And you think he won't sit down? Yeah. Until he get his money. Come on now. Y'all better stay with Me. That's what I always tell guys. Look, if you, if you thinking about holding out that year before, you thinking about holding out on your Yes sir.


I'm saving everything. I'm telling Mama said, look here, we ain't buying no car. We ain't getting no no house. We ain't buying no jewelry because I'm gonna hold out because I'm gonna get that bread. Yes sir. Because you do know when you, in a, when you in a city, there's the NFL team, they know everything. They know what your money is and they like, oh, oh, so you got your, your, your mortgage is how much? 3000, 4,000. Oh, okay. You got a carbon note how much? Right. Okay. And you pay. Oh, okay. You'll be here. You won't be long. Right. And you, you know what? All, you know what It is also scaring me. I've, I'm hearing reports that t higgin, t Higgins hamstring is a hamstring. His hamstring might be bothering. Yeah, but just day before yesterday, if I'm not mistaken, it might've been yesterday.


Well actually it's after midnight. So two days ago he said he was feeling the best he's ever felt in camp. And I think now a hamstring and hamstrings are very, very, very agitated. They grab, man, Look, they linger. Any salt tissue is is is irritating. It's yeah, it's, yeah. Very irritating. So I'm, I'm hoping, I'm hoping all is well with him. I hope it's not anything that would be detrimental where he can't play Sunday. So if, if if Chase doesn't play in t doesn't play, we, we, we do have some def we do have some. You ain't, You ain't got that much depth. Yeah, I we don't have that. Listen, I think we have good def. We have, we have good, you ain't got that Kind death.


I understand what you mean. T Higg. I like it. You, you don't, you like what what's the name of that pool that you used to swim at? Charles Hadley. Charles Hadley. Now they got the deep, they got the kitty pool and then they got the 12 foot in. Right. Okay. Y'all got them two guys and they ain't playing. That's the deep end and everything else in the kitty pool. That's the shallow. I, I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't like that. I don't like, don't like, I'm be Honest with you Now, now I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna tell you this now, when you, if, if t and Chase don't play and you see them Young Bulls, Jermaine Burton and the rest of the boys go out there and act a fool. Hey, I want you remember what you I'm, I want you to remember I told you, I told you we had death. I told you, Hey, I told you and all I'm gonna tell you, you didn't pay a whole lot of attention because he got hurt early.


That boy Christian Gonzalez is like that. Oh yeah. He, he Nice that db from that went to Oregon. He nice. I think he's from Oregon. Oh, he liked that. Lemme Tell you something. He nice, but what he gonna do with Jermaine? Bur not there. Okay? Huh? You, you get up there playing around if you want to with that 4 2 4 3 if you want to and from Alabama. Okay? Huh? Okay. Yeah. I and Christian. Hey Christian. Gonzales is Mexican too, huh? Yeah. Yeah. That's my dog. Eh, that's the homie. That's a homie. Yeah. He don't want, he don't want, he don't want none burden. I, I tell you that he want all that. Now get up there, get up there playing around and bump and run if you want to and don't have no safety help. Oh, he put hands on him. You might, you might as well. You might as well strike the band up, bent that.


Okay. Okay. Jamar said he'll be a Gametime decision for the bingo season opener against the Patriots amid what he called aggravating contract dispute. He broke his silence today and said he would be willing to play this season even if the two sides cannot agree on an extension. But whether he steps on the field Sunday will be up to him. He said, it's my decision. He isn't the only bingo wide receiver who could be out. T Higgins, as you mentioned, has been listed as doubtful after suffering a hamstring injury on Thursday. Damn. Damn.


We gonna be good Yoshi Charlie, we good? We got this. Jermaine. We good? I'm telling you, matter of fact, when I think about it, we might have the best receiving core as a whole in the league. And I say that respectfully and probably the second best. I'm talking about death from one to five. The second would probably probably be the Packers. Hey bud. 'em Packers loaded. Boy, you see how you saw how Jayden Reed went off the night. Now watch when they play, whenever they play their next game, watch it be Christian Watson do when they play another game. Watch it be Romeo Dobbs, man and boy.


Boy. Them boy nice over there, man. They are them boys. Nice Caius. Tony might be a little closer to finding another team. Yeah, Tony had a tribe for Friday for the Browns. Tony previously had a visit to Seahawks earlier this week. Ocho do you believe the Browns would be a good fit for Tony? They currently have Amari Cooper, Jerry Judy, and Elijah Moore. Hey, you know what? That's three, that's three individuals. That's three individuals that had the exact same type of plan style that could arius Tony bring to the table. Exact same if you seen Elijah, Elijah Rogers run Ralph Elijah Moore. Same Way. All of E Eli Elijah Moore from Clemson.


Same way. Jerry, Judy, you know, you already know how he get down, especially with him Feed Amari Cooper, you know where he from, you know, where I'm two from. Arius, Honney has that same style. But he does, he does offer a different dynamic, I believe also in a, in a, a special teams realm Yep. Of things that he can do with kick return and pun return. So I think that would be a good place for him. Where, where else did he try the Seahawks? See? Yeah, he had been to the Seahawks. I mean, you know, they got Look, they got Lockett. They got dk, they got Smith and Ja. Jig. Jig. Oh shoot, well shoot. They got a three Jig. Huh? Was it Jackson, Smith and Jig?


J Jack, JDN Or Jdn? Smith and Jackson. Yeah. Smith and Jig. J Yes. Man. Smith and Jig. Yeah. Smith and Jig. Oh, these names crazy boy. So yeah, I mean, I hope he lands. I I think that sometimes I, I think sometimes the best thing can happen to a player like a Caius Tony is the situation to find himself on the outside looking in. It forces you. It's amazing with a, a hungry stomach with a, with a, a growling stomach bill started to pile up. It'll humble you. It'll make you, it Give you a different, it give you a different perspective on things.


Hell yeah. It give you a different perspective on things and understand how small the window of opportunity is that you do have to play the game that you do love. The game that you cherish and love to play. And old was always the childhood dream of yours. It gives you a better understanding. And my dog gonna be all right. He gonna get it right when he gets that opportunity again. And that door opens Kaari. I know you're gonna see this when that door opens again. Young bull. I need you to do me one favor. Close it behind you. Yeah. That's it. Close it behind you. Don't leave no thought and no stirring UNT tone. Go in there and give a motherfucking hell boy.


Yeah. Stone unturned. We, we get what you were saying though, Joe. Oh my, my bad, my bad. You know I ain't, I ain't used that saying in a long time. Yeah. If ever off the same The Volume.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal, wind chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant News and pops of color from couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.