
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food Gotta be Wendy's.


This season, let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat DSW has you covered. Find a shoe forever you from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head your DSW store or visit dsw.com today.


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down. Dude, wipes come in a variety of sense and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with TP wetter, just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and make the trade of the season with switch. The dude wipes the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean pants down.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball This season it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sports book, with live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win it. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New draft drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and wire text open Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and suites details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boo mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund on April 18th.


Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Quinn brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Come on ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their nationwide 5G network today. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, thanks to you, you make us, we're able to do what we do because of your continued support and loyalty. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharpe, the guy at the top moving around. Jocelyn round number 85 from Liberty City, route runner extraordinaire, bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button and go follow us now go follow she Shea Media or all of his platforms And you can check out by La Portier. Now if you can't hack, don't can't fight it in stock in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly, responsibly and please stay safe. The Webbys, we've been nominated for six award. Myself, best entertainment creator and best Sports Creator Club Shesha best creator and influencer series, Nightcap Best sports show. Best video series Nightcap Summer Sessions have been nominated for best live podcasting.


The link is pending in our bio. Please go vote for us. Voting ends on April 17th, my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. You can see some of the gear that we have on. I have on the T that we had we made for the Super Bowl OCHO have on the Nightcap thermal tea, everything is restocked and the link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Save for Work tour went on sale last week. Our eight stops are as followed. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC Chicago.


And we finished the tour out in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shesheamedia.com slash tour. The link is pinned in our chat. Our guest is shaping up real nicely And we can't wait to start sharing some of those with you. Go get your tickets now. Joining us to talk all things who ladies basketball and men's basketball As, because the Lakers did what I knew they was going to be doing. He is the last senior to be taken. Number one overall selected by the New Jersey Nets way back when in 2000, the six nine and enforcer from Cincinnati by way of Dallas, Texas. Here he is later and gentlemen, six foot nine.


Kenyon Martin Sr. Kmart. What it doing? What up with you? Huh? Hey, I'm good. I'm good bro. Thanks for joining us. No problem. Oh child, what up Mike, let's jump right into a Kmart sir. We saw the Lakers go on the road and they did a demolition job on what many believe are the one of the two best teams in all of basketball. Shaa is gonna win the MVP, but the Lakers went in and they took 'em apart. They really never trailed in the game. They got the lead and they dominated them. Ended up beating them by 26. Luca was sensational today he had 30 plus 18 and plus minus Officer Reeves 20 plus 14 plus minus LeBron chip in with 19 plus seven plus minus.


Roy had 11 but they got great production off the bench. Dorian Finn Smith, 14 points. Gabe Vincent, 12 points with a lot of guys chipping in. They cleaned them up on the glass. They did a great job. I think the best thing they did today, Kmart, is they kept Shaa ass off the free throw line. And if you can do that, 'cause You know he going to normally get to the free throw line about 10, 15 times a game. But I thought they dominated this game. What did you like about what you saw from the Lakers today? They just used the, the experience man young team early on this early Sunday caught them young boys. Man, some of them boys went out last night. Man they ain't, they ain't no importance of the game. They already didn't saying got the west under they belt so they like, Hey man, we can afford this somebody.


No, the legacy deal they had to do, they came in and they put belt to 'em, You know what I'm saying? Like they should have, they need this win but they fighting for something so Oklahoma City already them said they already locked in man. So I think it meant more to the Lakers to come in and play this way than it did for Oklahoma City. Are you surprised at the, the margin of victory that the Lakers, okay, Lakers might have win. You said all that things being true. Okay. OKC probably not taking the game as serious as they normally would. That is an early, early game for them. They don't play very many games. What time is that? That'll be probably two 30 that time. Yeah. So they don't play very many games like that. They either play, You know, four 30 or they play the late, late games being on the West Coast.


But are you surprised by how well the Lakers played considering this might be a at some point in time, this might be a matchup in the Playoffs. Alright listen man, I ain't riding with your legs like you are though. I know what you're trying to do off, man. Listen dog, if you don't watch the show daily, man with me man. I've been looking at the comments man. Lakers and five, all that. Hey I ain't listen man right now. They gonna have to prove it to me, but we'll see. You said They young Kmart, you said they Young? Yeah, I wouldn't listen, I would not want to play the Lakers in the first round if I was any team in the West, You know what I'm saying? Just because the simple fact they have two game changers in LeBron and Luca not taking anything off them go play.


But I wanna see the who, who they match up with in that first round. Right. That's that's key to me. You know, if they mess around and the nuggets slide to four or five and y'all in four or five, good. It ain't looking too good man. So it could Be anybody, it could be the Nuggets, it could be Golden State or it could be the Clippers because the Clippers have look really good as of late. So it could be any one of those, the nuggets, the Warriors or the Clippers. Who do you think is the, is the best matchup? Who do you think the lugg, the Lakers least want to face? And who do you think says okay this is a nice matchup for us? I think they would want to face the Clippers.


Yeah, I would, I would stay away from Denver by all calls if I was them, but I really, I really would stay away from them. They, it is been proven when it's time, time on the line, they can't beat them. So I would, I would stay away from them no matter who y'all had. Anthony Davis, who's a hell of a defendant, he couldn't do what Nicole? So I, I would stay, I I would stay away from the Denver nuggets at all costs. So Kmart, even though the Lakers have been hot lately, You know they got the momentum going to the play in going into the playoffs, whatever may be just so happened, hypothetically speaking, they do get the nuggets. So you think the Lakers don't stand a chance at all if they have Denver in the first round? No, I ain't no chance at all.


Nah, I been, me and Gil been going back and forth about this for weeks now since the Luca trade. We've been going back and forth about this specific topic and I'm not rolling. I I, I he's he Luca the equalizer to Nicole. No he is not. Right. I don't care what there's no equalizer to Nicole in the National Basketball Association. Look at what y'all been doing. This is what, this is why I disagree with you. I believe they can let Luca get because excuse me, let Nicola, Nicola right now has 30, 37, 13 and 11 and they're down 10. So you can give him the problem that the Lakers were having. Yolk was getting his but they were letting Murray get 30.


They were letting Michael Porter Jr get 25. That is where you run into the problem Nicole. It doesn't matter. You can have Anthony Davis, you could have Joellen Bead, whoever you feel is a defensive center. Obviously those guys are great two-way players. You can give that, you can give him his 40, 15 and 15. But what you can allow are the others and that's what beat the Lakers. You look at Jamar Murray numbers against the Lakers, he's an all star. He's an all NBA player when he play the Lakers. Kmart, Absolutely, y'all should wanna stay away from him at all costs because he is still there. But I don't know if You know he still played for the Nuggets and Michael Porter still played for the Nuggets and Aren Gordon still played for the Nuggets. So all Go only plays good against the nuggets.


But this is where I got, this is what we got. Now you think about it right now, over the last two weeks our third best players have been the one of the best players in NBA history because Luca gonna give you what he going to give you. You know that I know that Austin Reeves should win most improved. There ain't very many third options better than Officer Reve. Now let them lo and behold, so who are your two best players? So which one gonna grab Luca? Which one gonna grab Officer Reeves and which one gonna do something with Goat? James, I'm just waiting for you. You a defensive specialist you putting on Luca. Listen man, we going to put the way on God guard. Y'all can't guard us so it don't matter. Listen Lu can do because listen one, y'all gonna have to put some non shoes out there.


Do Finn Smith, I'm not rolling right Now. You gotta play Van do. Van do can't hit his ass with both hands. Defense. That's all we need him to do. Leave him open. We gonna double Luke do double bro. Gonna make them other guys make plays. Officer Res can't carry y'all in the playoffs season. I'm telling. Oh yeah, yeah you saw it. You see, see what they been doing. Kmart don't the Same regular season. Not in the playoffs man. Now when now Did you say against Memphis? When he Now you third when he got his horns, when he got them baby horns, Now you fought against Memphis. Not when you the third option man. Like when you on scout report as the third auction, that's, it's a lot different. The playoffs series, man, they gonna make that boy do something he ain't comfortable doing out there.


Yeah. Like dropping 35 on y'all Uhoh. Nah, We ain't, we ain't comfortable dropping 35 but he'll get it. Okay. Everybody said they gonna double have, They gonna have to average it. Don't think he capable of doing that. Oh We don't need an average that. We just need an average what he averaging. Okay, Well that ain't gonna be enough. Ain't enough. I got the average what they average in the regular season. We cool. That ain't gonna be enough, right? Ain't that be more Than enough? Hey Kmar, look at looking at the landscape of the playoffs right now, where the seating is right now and looking at the table. Who's the playoff sleeper squad that could surprise everybody and make it all the way to the conference final. Somebody nobody's talking about but they playing well enough if they get into playing or they get in the playoffs in general, they got a chance to surprise somebody and get to the final, that Golden State Warriors Conference Finals like that Golden State Warriors man.


Like they, yeah, I'm I I the way they plan man, they got some equalizers that people not thinking about they that some pieces that they haven't had before. Right? Right. The the kid Quinn posts like a big, like they, they need that where they can, they can go big, they can play small, they can, they can play me like they can play Draymond at the five, Kaga at the four And you can play that well, or you can play big, you can play Draymond, Kaga and o you can play Trace Jackson at, so there's different lineups that you can go with, man, if a jet ski gets played out his mind right now. So yes, I wouldn't, I would not wanna play them the way I'm saying the Wardell out there playing and and he got them boys believing and they just threw Jimmy in there and his, his approach to the game is, is infectious to the locker room.


So Right. He challenges guys in a way that Draymond has always had to be that voice and at times it can get old. So now when you got a new voice in the locker room that's preaching the same thing. Right. And that's been, and that's took lesser talented teams to two finals. Right? They they can be scary man with the same coaching with Steve Curs and just, it could be scary. I ain't saying it, but it could be scary. Can you see that Kmart? Yeah, I see your hand. I know you catch Than five. I know you used to catch, I know you used to catch fastest with him, but I, I don't know what the rest of that means. Hey, step curry, curry goat, curry chicken, it don't matter liquor than this many Hey Curry and listen Curry, you right Curry goat.


Absolutely. Hey trust me, me yo, shout Out. But, but, but Shay look, I I think Shea, Shea should, the Shea should win the MVP. Nope. He's not the best player at absolutely not. Okay. Not to me. Now you I'm gonna let, I wanna hear what you have to say. I think based on what he's done, his team's record, I think he had his 71st game where he scored at least 20 points consecutive, which is the long, which is one of the longest streaks in NBA history. What he's been able to do, how he's been able to lead this team, I think he's first to second in steals. He's shooting a very high percentage for a guard normally guards that averaging 30 don't shoot 50 plus percent from the four. Right. That's what he's doing.


But when you look Atole Yoki, if I say I'm will give you a player to take Kmart, you get, you got the number one overall draft pick And you get to select anybody who you taking, I'm taking Nicole Yoki off top. What is it about him, what is it about him Kmart, that you like so much? It makes everybody around him better and it's effortless. Like he's not like with Shea, Shea is a hell of a talent, don't get me wrong. I'm not taking anything off of his talent. He is definitely MVP worthy And I, in my opinion, he should have got it last year. I think the, whoever the voters, they dropped the ball and not giving him his just do last year. 'cause he's doing the same thing he's doing last this year.


He, he did last year team has the best record. He's averaging 30, he just averaging two more points than he averaged last year. Correct. That's, that's that, that's it. Like and they got better at the add harden. Chad is coming to his own because an All stone, his team and Williams, Jayla Williams. So all the things that he did last year's doing again this year and for them to give it to Nicole last year, spokes vi it spoke volumes to me. Like we recognized what he's doing. Nicole's playing the best basketball he's ever seen that that we've seen him play within the three MVPs that he has already.


Absolutely. I had no question About that. So you, so you're gonna penalize somebody who you've already given three MVPs to and he hasn't played this well in those three MVP cs. So I'm like, what, what else can we see from Shay? Shay Shay would have to average a double double in this NBA in order for us to put it for in order for me. I've seen guys average 30 before. I've seen guys get to the free throw line a lot. I've seen that James Harden did it, but nobody was doing what Cola is doing in James Hart season. It's, it's, you watch it And you like, what, what else can he do?


And he does it And you watch it again. Like what else can he do? And he does it like, it's like when we are looking at history here And I don't wanna see us as in league do the same thing that the NFL do that they did to Lamar Jackson with messing with the history of the game. Like we're talking about the history of the game here. Yeah. What Cola is doing, he And he is gonna, he's gonna average a triple double this year. He's gonna average a triple double. And I said, and I'm gonna let you go after this. Yeah. We're gonna look back And we gonna look at it like we did that 50 61 62 season when will average 50 and 25 and he didn't win the MVP. Right? We're gonna look back 30 years from now and look at Nicole Yo's number where he averages 30 point triple double and they say, well he didn't win the MVP.


They're like, well who in the hell beat he about? Exactly. So this is, and guys have certain voters have already got they mind made up or who they was voting for before the season is over, which is, which is bogus to me. Right. God, You know, you gotta finish a season out so you can't discredit this 60 point triple dub that this man just had and people, and people that already had, they vote already cast before this game, before the last two weeks of the season. So you can't do that. And, and so how can you Oh, he's my MVP, he's my MVP, he's my MVP when Sha had come out and mess around. I'm a 70 point game for other people that might have had Nicole as the mvp.


So I just think it's, it's incomplete. It's never been a co it's been a cold rookie the year before. So people are afraid, people are afraid to do that. Which if you really looking at it, let's be honest, they both are deserving of the war. They both are deserving of the war, but Right. They're not going to do it. It's not gonna be co but, and what is looking up to be that Shay will have his first MVP and the other guy would be left holding his job. Yeah. Well hold on. Kay. I got, I got a question not to minimize anything that, that Luca's doing. Do you ever take an account that surrounding the supporting cast that Luca has?


You mean you ever take account that SGA is doing what he's doing with less? Yo, do we ever Take No Yoki, Nico Yoki in Denver? Not Luca. No, no. I mean, I mean, Joe, I meant to say joke. My bad, my bad, my bad. Well if You really want be honest about it, Nico Yos has never played with an all star. So Jay has an all star this year, so Yep. Until, until Russ got there. So he is been doing all this with the All Star. So Jamal Murr's a all star caliber player. Yes. Should he have made an All Star team up to this point? Absolutely. That we think that, but he's been, he's been getting snubbed, so for whatever reason he hasn't, and Nicole has been carrying the load That that's, that's, that's hard man.


Unc I don't, I don't see Any And and Lou Dorn is an all defensive player. Yeah. Alex Caruso is an all defensive player. So Yolk, I mean, I think the thing is, is that Yolk is asked to do a little bit more. It'd been interesting. Lemme ask you this. Let me, lemme put it to you like this Kmar, let's just say for the sake of argument, well we see OKC, they have 64 wins. What would be the situation if the Nuggets had 60 wins? Could you make a more compelling case if he had 60 wins during the second seed as opposed to right now the nuggets are the fourth seed and there's 17 games back, 17 games back. I, I'm I'm top three in points, rebounds, assists, and steals.


Top three in four major categories in the National Basketball Association. 60 wins, 65 wins. They could have, they could have broke the Warriors record. The golden OKC could have broke the golden record. Hey man, top three and four major categories. You can't, there's nothing. No one could tell me that they got 60 win. There's 17 games back. All yes, all those things exist and at the same time that this man is out here with history. So yes, Shaa absolutely, but


hey, I'm getting the big guy some blood man. If you could do one thing this year that could help you lose up to 20 to 30 pounds without lifting a single weight and it would actually be good for you, would you do it? And if it would actually improve your health indigestion and it tastes like a chocolate shake, wouldn't that be the ultimate win? Well, here it is. It's called Shakeology Packed with vital nutrients, protein, probiotics, adaptogens, and superfoods. It's the easiest way to reset your nutrition, curb cravings, and feel incredible all in under the two minutes it takes to make a simple shake. No meal prep, no guesswork, just a smarter way to fuel your body and start feeling your best. Shakeology isn't just a shake, it's a lifestyle upgrade that makes healthy living easy, delicious, and totally doable. Shakeology is all your vital nutrition made simple. You can get free shipping, big discounts, and a free shaker cup when you subscribe@shakeology.com. That's shakeology.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You Mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good? This is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida Beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out in the open Florida finding Cooper flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Junior And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


How can advertising on TikTok help jumpstart sales for your small business? Thanks To TikTok ads, I was able to open up a business with my childhood friend, ghetto Warehouse and even hire employees. My name is Julian And I am one of the founders of the snacks lab. We are an exotic snack company. We had over a hundred thousand dollars in sales from our TikTok ads in the first month. So our orders went from five a day to over 250 orders a day. You definitely have to use TikTok ads And you gotta start now. Head over to get started.tiktok.com/tiktok ads.


But he got, he done got it off three times already And a lot of them, and, and it was, and a lot of people's opinion, it was questionable. This one shouldn't be, see this is when you start, when you should have gave Joelle and b the award And you gave it to Nicole and then you try to piggyback, okay, we messed up last year, now we wanna give it to you again this year. And okay, we should have gave it to this and now we gave to Gianni and now, so when you start messing with it, Now you trying to play catch up, right? So you messing with the game And you messing with the history of the game when you try to play catch up and not looking at the totality of what everybody else is saying, right? Like, oh, we didn't wanna give him three in a row, but we he has three, we just gonna skip a year because nobody is one three in a row here.


So we don't want to give him three in a row. So, well, Larry, You know what Larry Bird was the last to win three in a row, but he won 84, 85, 86, 86. Well, You know, since no one else's 40 years ago, Kmart, no one else rather, like, they didn't want, they wanted Larry to be the only one. So they, they they wouldn't go do that again. Hey, You know what? How, how well, well do y'all know about the people that do the voting for the MVP? How well do You know? Is it, is it former players? No. Or the people that just sit in the power that, That we're suit ties? Studentized man, It's the same people that vote for the NB for the NFL journalists. You have report you journalists, there are a couple of NFL, there are a couple of NFL players that have vote. I think Kendrick Perkins has a vote.


There's there, there are several pla there are several NBA players that work in the capacity of, of, You know. Right, right, right there. NFL net NBA network. Yes sir. Or NB tv, excuse me. NBA TV E-F-P-N-I think so there, You know, there are a few, but most of the time, Kmart, You know this, you played 15 years. It's mainly the journalists Yeah. That, that cover the NBA, the beat writers that have the votes. And I have a problem with it because if you're on the east coast, you're not staying up to watch every game that's on the West coast. True And vice versa. Guy that's on the West coast, you had work when them games start, a lot of times you Do that early to catch coach, you doing Other stuff, you're not going to a sports bar where they got 12 TVs on the wall And you actually watching games And you going to arenas And you spending your dime when your team is not traveling to these cities to go watch these guys play.


Yeah. So your your it's it's, it's biased. Mm. Regional bias is what it is. Kmar, did you check this game out today? Sacramento and Cleveland? I did not. I think I did not. Cleveland's going in the wrong direction. Sacramento won this game. 1 21 13. Zach Levine was sensational. 37 points on 15 or 21 7 11 for three. But it was Deebo DeMar de Rose in 10 of 18, 2 0 5 from three, I know six or six from six of eight from the free throw line. He had 28, Saboni had 27. It seems like to me the clever Liz picked the worst time to start this slide. And I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think they've lost three or five over the last week.


And it seemed, it just seems to me, Kmart, I want you to chime in here. What are you seeing from the Cavaliers? Because at one point in time we thought okay, they can really challenge Boston. They get home court, they can beat Boston Now. I don't think, I don't give a damn where they play at. Yeah, they can't beat Boston. I don't believe I I I, Cleveland would I been said they was gonna have to get out the first round for me to believe in them. And that's just the way it was for me. They was gonna have to get out the first round. So, and the way they playing right now, it seems that they going to prove me. Right. It's going, if they do get out the first round, it's gonna be a, it is gonna be a dog fight and they be, they better hope that, that that Orlando magic team don't land at eight.


Ooh. So I'm telling you right Now. Hey that boy Ben Kara and Fran Ner. Hey a real, hey they beat a real deal. Hey Kmart, they believe they can beat that man, boys For real. They, they beat and they and they believe they can beat Cleveland. They Beat Cleveland with Cleveland had that 1617 game win streak. They went to Cleveland. They believe they can beat them. Man. I'm telling you, you, you got and Kmart, you gotta understand now Beating them in one game is one thing. Nah. Now playing against playing against them boys in the whole seven game series, then that's a different ballgame game. Especially the playoff experience. They did it last year. Listen, they took the Cleveland only one on their own floor last year. They played this same, this young Orlando team last year. Yeah, they played them last year and they took them to seven games and Yeah, Cleveland didn't win in Orlando.


Mm. And when you look, if you look at it, I don't even believe they'd had been in the eight spot. They'd have had one of those first six spots. Had Ben Carroll not got hurt this year. Absolutely. Had Franz Wagner not had got hurt and some of these, and a lot of these injuries they overlapped. So they were playing without both of those big guns. Absolutely. Ben Carroll went to the All Star game. Fran Wagner is playing like an all star this team. Oh they they they be, they bet because we don't really, unless you really follow the NBA Kmart, like you And I, we have to, you don't really realize how good Orlando is. Bank Carroll is a bull. Absolutely. Man, that joke of a, that's a grown ass man. Even though he only 20, 21 years of age, that's a grown man.


Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Nah, I'm saying I think Fran Ner, he would've been a hall star had he not got hurt because they would've been the top three 14, You know what I'm saying? So dark as hell. Lemme get some light fellas. Hold on. What, when That that some fish tank back there? Yeah buddy. Nah, that's what you call him. He, he shooting a two 10 P Hey, you got, you got money? What You got that dial up a OL Okay, right down Man. I'm saying I was using the natural sunlight from the joint band and the now lights on, so You know, I'm saying had to give us a bite.


Hey, they say they, they hit me up in the chair talking about damn, we ain't no Kmart with the complexion of OCHO Trying to use the natural life man. Be On some sexy man K got dark over D And we just saw him on kill on Friday. Yeah, no man, I think Cleveland, they, they, I like the way they've been playing during the regular season. I like adding Kenny Anderson as a coach. I like them having two bigs running the same system system. That Golden State ran with two bigs, but they, they gotta prove it to me in the playoffs. Man. They two small guards in the back court are very good, but when it come down to it, it it, that's going to be tough man.


I think. But it's won't match up. Like I said go that, that Orlando match up for Cleveland to be tough, but yeah, I don't think they can be Boston, I don't think. Nobody can be Boston right now. Right? Nah, Boston. Boston. Hold On. So hold on, hold on. Kay. Wait a minute man. Yeah, so you got, you got the Celtics winning it again that you got'em repeating the coming Out? Absolutely. You sure? Yes. You wanna put something on that? Yeah. What you Hey man, I don't turn nothing down but my collar bro. Man, listen, make make, make it light on Yourself. You know he don't make Kmart. He's still owe me 5,200. I heard that. See, see the thing, see the thing about me.


See I'm confrontational. See I'll come look for you. I need my, I need my man. I Kmart, I give you a band. Get mine while you at it. Hey, see, see the thing you see unc nice. He ain't garnishing your wages yet. You know what I'm saying? He trying, he trying to be the honorable thing and let you pay. See he ain't, I told him credit, You know what I'm saying? So he gonna, he gonna start taking it out your check, You know what I'm saying? So Hey Kmart, he don't understand when you get your wage and garnish that go on your credit. Absolutely man. Hey Kmart, we just say, Hey Kmart, you're coming to see about your money. Hey Man, I'm like, Hey man, I need my chabo man. You know what I'm saying? I need mine. Jack, Kmart, the Yukon lady.


The lady h you've taught the lady Gamecock from South Carolina to record the 12th strength. I mean, excuse me, the 12th overall NCA titles Paige Becker's exit on top all season as he fud Sarah Strong, Paige Becker's was too much as all three made. The all tournament team FUD had 24 points to lead U Cause and was named most outstanding player. I knew this game was over when, when Paige Becker's had three points and they was already up 12. I said, well it's over. Yeah. She ain't even really doing a whole lot and the game is already over. Okay Mark, Hey nah, it always, always hell of a performance by them, especially defensively. Man you look at that box score.


Yeah. For, for South Carolina, like, yo like took the fine time not to be able to make shots in the way UConn played. Man, shout out to Yukon, Paige going out on top. Can can. Yeah. With all the hype man, you don't think that it's going to end this way. Coming off of what happened transpired last year with Caitlyn Clark with all the hype she had going into the game and the tournament and, and playing the way she did and and being able to piggyback on that success for women's basketball with another dominant performance by another, another person that's, she's almost as famous as Caitlin almost.


You know what I'm saying? So to have someone piggyback on that success and to win it and shout out to her, shout out to Yukon, shout out to the women's game and no one saw this coming. But, but UConn, I'm, I'm assuming, I think the thing is Kmart is that people don't realize as a true freshman, Paige Becker's was the player of the year. The injuries who robbed her? She came, she was in that class. It was her. Yeah, it was Kaitlyn Clark, it was Angel Reese, it was car. They was all in the 2020 class. Yeah, Yeah. When Paige got hurt A Shirt.


Now Caman did what she did, but people don't realize how great Paige Becker's was prior to these injuries. Now I think in order for her, for her to go like, hey when Rebecca Lobo and and Sue Bird and Tara Rossi and Meyer Moore and Stewy, when all those in the con when all of those are sitting at the table, Paige Becker's get to pull up her chair now. Absolute, absolute. 'cause that was the only thing that was missing on her resume. Kmar. Absolutely. She had been player of the year, she had gone to final fours. The thing that will Yukon in order to be in that, that group, they hang banners. Absolutely. Yeah. They hang banners. That's what them great players do. The the started with Rebecca Lobo group and then Sue Berg and Tara Rossi.


Yeah. And Tina, Charles and Maya Moore and Stewart and all of them. You gotta hang banners. Absolutely. No, and she got it now. She pulled her chair up. Hey. Yeah, She pull it up. Go ahead Ocho. Yeah. Hey, Hey. I mean, You know, congratulations to Yuk Conn and what they've been been able to do. Gino winning his 12. What, what number was this for him? 12. 12 bro. His 12, his 12th championship. But for the lady Gamecock, what does Don, what does Don Staley need to do? Or what does he, she need to come inside that room to get back to get back to the top, You know, scoring better players. No. Yeah, shooter. Now you gonna get every, Now you gonna get everybody best shot shooter, man. Now you gonna listen One, you got all of them, all Americans man.


They're just like Yukon used to be Tennessee was the haunted forever. UNC was the haunted, UConn was the honey. Now South Carolina is the haunted like Right. The people you're going to get them schools best shot every time you plan, right? Yes. It's bulletin board material. It's, they got all these, all Americans, they got all these McDonald's, they been doing this, they do this. They got commercials, they that they, this they, so you been here all this leading up to this game and it just adding fuel to this fire that you already got burning that you want to go out and compete. Right. So you gonna get that best shot man. Like whatever she do, I'm pretty sure they gonna go back to the drawing board. Yeah. And they still hell of a team still still dynasty.


They still, but if you, But if you think about South Carolina, they got no star, they got no dominant player and they made it to the championship game. You look at Sarah Strong is a true freshman. She gave the 24 and 24 and 15. Yeah. She nice as FUD was an All American. Right. She's coming back. Paige Beckard was once college player of the year. She was there for you got three big guns. Look at Carolina. Carolina, Carolina had one player in double figure two players and double figures off The bench with 10 off the bench. Your charter Gave you 17, 19 21. Your starters gave you 24 points. Ojo your start.


Yeah, Sarah Strong outscored the starters by herself. She had 24. Abby fud, she had 24. Paige Becker's had an off night shooting the basketball five or 14, she had 17 points. You are not going to win if one starter from the opposing team outsources your entire starting lineup, you are not gonna win. Why? If the game is gonna be lopsided like it was, I got one, I got one Word for you And I told my sister, my sister, look, my brother went to Carolina so obviously we root for all things Carolina. I told my sister, I said Libby, they went to game, they went to South Carolina. Stop their 71 game win streak by damn near 30. You think they gonna beat this team on a neutral site, Right?


No chance. Zero. Well I got one word for you. What? The portal. Oh, The dog gotta go to the portal. Hey man, one thing, that portal real right now Jack. Hey that portal. I'm Sure I know, I know, I know Jumping, I know They got the boo. I know they got the boosters down. I know they got the boosters down in South Carolina. They going, they can go get whoever They want. I'm telling you. Hey they gonna bring that. They gonna back that brakes truck up to somebody then you, you got, you gotta, you gotta Pay. You gotta pay the plate. You Gotta pay the plate these days Jack. Hey that's why. Hey go sister, go ask Nick sa nigga sa Hey man, listen everybody else I'm out.


Kids can go wherever they hold on now. It ain't just about football no more. Yeah, I'm out. They compete. Dawn Staley, Dawn Staley closed out a final presser thinking the local media. You guys know our team. You're pretty fair with how you assess our basketball team. If every program had this, we could push push women's basketball forward on a local level across the country. You see the difference When her team lost, she didn't snap at no reporters. Was this good or bad? She didn't do that. You know what class personified, you have to have the same level. You gotta win with dignity. You lose with the same, your same purpose.


Absolutely. It ain't no oh, oh, oh. How many final boards have you been to? Did your team make it this far? There was none of that. None of that. Yeah. You See the Difference? Yeah. We've been here before. We gonna get here again And we been here before And we gonna get her again. Yeah, but Don, you right, she gonna have to, she gonna have to go. She gonna have to go. She gonna have to go in that portal and get some big guns And I don't know what's out there. Maybe maybe they can get a put a a a $3 million package to go get juju. Hey listen, hey it's gonna take a little more than that. It gonna take a little more than that? Hold On, hold on, hold On. Three oh 3 million. Gonna take a little more than that. Gonna take a little more than that. But the pride Hey, the pride Juju from USC gonna be Like 10. Yeah, gonna be like 10.


Why would you finish this hour? Jeff? Finish say 10 too. I say 10. I got five. I can't give you 10. Whoa. Hey Dawn, say hey Dawn gonna push back. Dawn said him. I don't make the three and a half. How you gonna pay a triple? What you paying me? Hey, hey, I'm putting the Hey Juju, putting the asses in them seats. Yeah, For sure. She Put Yes sir. Justin Shocked the world last night went on a nine oh run in the final 35 seconds of the ball game to win 70 to 67. Kmart. Is this the greatest final four tournament comeback that you in NCA history For that amount of time it is up there, man, it is, it it is up there like them boys, man.


Listen. And and that's the, that's the beauty of having older guys, right? Everybody want these 19-year-old phenoms. They're great. Cool. But when you don't get rattled And you been there and you've been battle tested and yo man, that was the, that was a pretty, that was a great basketball game. Very good game. That was, that was the really, really, really, really good basketball game. Well coached guys played, they tail out man. So that I was excited. Tune in for that one. Ocho.


Yeah, with a minute, 27 seconds left. They thought seven man, I cut the TI said man damn dude gonna win this thing again. Yeah, I know my homeboy gonna call me, start effing with me. I said man they done got this. And so I let like, like 20 minutes go by and then I go to my phone. ES esp N no I was on on the IG And I see the the, the get out face. The guy got the, he's like, I'm like, what, what talking about? And then I ran the coog stu, the blue devils. I was like, what? Yeah. I said, oh I ain't, I ain't no way somebody. I said no, there ain't no way where I cut the TV on And I see everybody just like going crazy.


I said, what the hell happened? So now I know a lot. I gotta rewind to go back, See What happened. Got no inbound. What I be, damn Man listen, I know that old, that old. I know, I know, I know I got tight, right? Very tight. Hey, I know a lot of people lost money yesterday, but they Absolute did Guarantee everybody bet on Duke to win that game. Yes. Hey, you don't remind me of Uhuh, Kmart. You remember this game when Reggie Miller shocked the Knicks? You remember hit that three, he stole the ball. The Houston guy got the ball, he ran right behind the three point line. Bro, listen and let Him fly and bam.


And I Wasm like, oh my goodness, I'm watching this. I'm like, oh my god. Real time man. Like just couldn't get the ball up possession after possession. Like they just kept the pressure on man. And They did And They wore down And I them during the game man. And they was like, if they get it to this point, it could be interesting if they keep it right here, it could be, it could be this if they did. And I Thought, I thought a turning point also To the right time. Yeah, I thought also a time I kmar, you remember in the first half when Duke had that big lead and Houston hit three threes in a row to close out the, to close out the first half. Okay.


Huge. They they stretch out to a big lead again and here come what you call em clawing back. I was like, damn y'all. But then when it got a minute, 27, 64, 57, I said, man y'all ain't finna do I said y'all, I said y'all had a great run Houston. I cut it off And see the thing about like that's that minute and a half is an eternity in college basketball as they prove long, right? Yes. Long it's an eternity. And when, when you guys, them freshmen, so you got a lot of young guys on, you got some incoming freshmen, you got freshmen, you got some mixers, some older guys. Them dudes ain't been in in pressure situations, man.


Like just haven't had to show up when the stakes are that high. Shout out to the man. Listen. Houston, them older dudes man them 22, 23, 20 4-year-old dudes. Man, listen That, that's the thing because you look Kmart when you look at, look at Duke, look at all the number one overall draft picks that they have and didn't win the national championship. It started with Elton brand. You remember in 99 they lost the Yukon. I think they had like four first round pitch that year. But Elton brand was number one. Kyrie went number one, Zion went number one. Ben Carro went number one, flag gonna go number one.


And none of won National Champ. Huh? Bag. They told the Marvin bag right in there. He was, oh absolutely. Because You think about it, when Zion went number one, I think RJ went number three. Went number. Absolutely. And what the color went number four Cam reddish. Yes. Yeah. So you, yes. And You look at Kyrie went number one. I think Kyrie them got bounced in the second round. So it's like not talent man. And And I was Coach Greenberg says yes, when you bring all this, it's nice because all these McDonald's, all American, you got the one number one player, the number three player, the number five player, the number 10 player, the number 12 player in an incoming class, everybody have been the man on their squad.


How do we get these guys to share to realize, in order for us to get where we want to go, you're not gonna be able to be the man no more.


If you could do one thing this year that could help you lose up to 20 to 30 pounds without lifting a single weight and it would actually be good for you, would you do it? And if it would actually improve your health and digestion and it tastes like a chocolate shake, wouldn't that be the ultimate win? Well here it is. It's called Shakeology Packed with vital nutrients, protein, probiotics, adaptogens, and superfoods. It's the easiest way to reset your nutrition, curb cravings and feel incredible. All in under the two minutes it takes to make a simple shake. No meal prep, no guesswork, just a smarter way to fuel your body and start feeling your best. Shakeology isn't just a shake, it's a lifestyle upgrade that makes healthy living easy, delicious, and totally doable. Shakeology is all your vital nutrition made simple. You can get free shipping, big discounts, and a free shaker cup when you subscribe@shakeology.com. That's shakeology.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat, Alabama, Florida Beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out to open Florida, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida Beat and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


We had a 1200% increase in sales using TikTok ads. My name is Linda and I'm a co-founder of Love and Pebbles. We created Beauty Pops, a frozen facial that melts into nourishing skincare. I started this business with my husband And we do everything from packing orders marketing. Before it was just me creating videos, but now I have over 2000 affiliates that are working with us. If we can do it with TikTok ads, you can too Want To grow your business fast. Head over to get started.tiktok.com/tiktok ads.


A typical is that we, we saw that also with Kentucky. Look at Kentucky with all the time they had the John Wall and the Boogie Cousins and the Devin Booker and the Shea Gil and the Tyler Heroes and the Carl Anthony Towns. Look at all those guys that they've had and didn't win the championship. You are on Super Bowls, huh? Yes. I'm saying winning is a learned behavior, man. Like you're not just showing up as a freshman or as a rookie learning how to win. When guys have been practicing this or been working at this for years, like you're not just finna show up and be on campus for eight months. They, And you gonna learn the totality of this game.


You, you come to college as this phenom, but you're incomplete. Like your game and your knowledge for what you're trying to be is incomplete. Okay? Right. So you on And you only on campus for eight months and then you moving on. So you're not really learning everything you need to learn. And then you get these precious situations at the end of the year where you, like you said, you've been the man. So that's all, You know. When it gets, when the, when the game get on the line, it gets tough. All you think to do is to put on your cake. Yes. Like I'm gonna put on my Superman cake. This is my time now. Right. So, and if you got five, four or five guys that used to putting on that cape, then you have these results.


So my thing is, the older guys, man, guys that's been coached and bred and been cussed out and been had to get on the line for three years and then been did this and then been didn had to run because they didn't go to class and all that, you ain't fit out missing them dudes hungry. And, and and, and they won it. I was listening to Kat, excuse me, ad man talking about when they got behind Serbia and they was down like 13 in the fourth quarter. He says, normally when, when I get into a situation like that, I'm putting that cape on, I'm going, I'm going, Hey, take this thing over. He said, but I watched Steph, I watched kd, I watched LeBron swing, the ball dribble kick.


And it was like, and the next thing You know, and when KD hit that three point, who was that with that book? I think it was either the book of KD hit a three point shot and they got fired. The four pointer KD said Yeah, I knew it was over from that point on. Yeah. And you see the thing is, because you gotta realize now those other guys you going to going again, they had K on too. New guy. Houston, like Kmar said, the older guys Ocho, they got the mile test. They average about five. The, the, the, the fastest guy ran the mile at like five 10. The slowest ran like 5 46. They average about five 19. Right. To put that kind of pressure on, you gotta have a tremendous amount of lung capacity because they're pressuring you 94 feet every time you touch the ball.


Yeah. Every time you touch the ball. And to keep that kind of relentless pressure on pressure, kinda like Nolan Richardson used to have the 40 minutes of hell. K mark, 40 minutes of hell baby All out. I'm gonna, we gonna, we gonna wear you down right now. Hey, you might get off, but hey, the last three minutes of the ball game, when you gotta think And you gotta execute. Yeah. And you got, you gotta deal with that And you deal press baby. That older MEbA press they used to throw on you. Right. Yeah. No man, it's that man. It's battle tested. Yeah. You got Florida. You guys used to Who? You like K Martin. Why I'm going with them Texas boys. Man, You going off.


Why even ask you, you gonna go all And you if they have all players Over Florida. Over Florida? Yeah man, Jay Buffet man, he from Dallas. He going all Bay Texas regardless Man from Cliff America baby. I'm talking about. All right, I'm let you that You want a on, you wanna put something on it Again, like I said, make it light on yourself dog. I listen, I don't turn down nothing but my collar. Hey listen man, you, it can be a dinner. I, I see you smoke stove. It could be a, could be. Wait, Hold. Whoa. You Listen whatever you want. Do you make it light on yourself brother? I'm saying Alright. Name your, you smoke scars name your stove.


So what it is, you name your stove. I name mine. You win, you name your stoy. Right. Okay, I'll Win. I talking. Okay, well listen. Good gentleman. I make that a bet. Good gentleman. I like listen 70 gauge Luna tick. Okay, what you got? Oh, I'm going all in. Don't listen. No, you gonna have to go to the bank with mine. Trust me. It ain't gonna be you going go to your local school. Oh so gonna Oh you trying, oh you trying to get Aki with the bat? That's Do. Yeah. I see. I said name your, you named George. I'm gonna name mine. Hold on. I don't have to go to the bank to get nothing by no cigar 'cause I got access to that. So that's easy for me. I get them for free no matter what. You getting My bad player?


Yeah, I, I'm just letting You know. No I bad hair killer. See I, I tried to keep it simple and just name one cigar. I just want, I want about about 10. 10 lunatics. 70 gauges. And I was gonna call it a wrap. But you trying to get spicy. Yeah, we can do that too. You wanna do give it to some gangster however you wanna Do it. Well if I bet I want my CI out. Hey I want somebody to go plant the salt in Cuba. Watch it grow. Watch it grow from the harvest. The real one. You got real, real pro water. I don't smoke the cigars. I'm gonna let y'all have that one. So the bet ocho you want, you want 10 70 gauge lunatics. Listen, listen, I'm listen, I just want 10 70 gauge lunatics or You know what?


Matter of fact I want 10 70 gauge lunatics, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen to me now. Okay. And I want 10 Daniel Marshall, 24 carat gold cigars. I won't. Well make the same bet then. Same bet for real. Same bet. Okay. Same bet. Matter of fact. And you smoke And you smoke. That Daniel Marshall, that's 24 gold cigar. I haven't had it but you named it. Same bet Daniel. It is. There is. Hey Chad. Hey Chad. Do me a favor in the chat, tell Kmart how much that Daniel Marshall 24 car gate, 24 carat gold cigars. Ken Martin Don't seem to co concern himself with that 'cause he don't think he gonna be buying it. I would. I would hope so. I listen win, win, win and if I'll cross that bridge when we get to it.


Oh listen, I already know Florida going, I'm going the Mold. I Already know Florida gonna win. I'm going the mold. I Already know Florida gonna win. See you might as well just put more, more in. Now I'm going With them oldheads man. I'm going with them Oldheads man. They gonna show up. You Never listen. They right down this never bet against anything Man. They right down the road ao. Do You know what this listen, the Alamo don't You know how many people finna beat come down? I 10 man. Right. 35. You know San Antonio bro. You Think Paul, you think Florida don't travel well you don't think the people, they gainville travel. Well They can't drive that. Listen man, they gonna have the Highway watch out man. Hold on. These figure caught these cigars cost $300 a cigar. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Yo. Yeah. No. Hey, hey they, oh hey, hey Unc. That all gold thing look good too. Now He going listen yo Po box baby, I All, I want, I want 10 of 'em Po Box. I want 10 of them Po Box. My math worked well. I want my math worked well. I want 10 of 'em. Okay. My math work. Well, Okay. I'm didn't make a show. My math Worked well. Alright. No Pressure. Listen man. Hey them. Hey man. It's going be so much GaN ran in that joint, man. Hey, they finna show that. Don't everybody That don't, that don't mean listen, They got scalpel, them tickets out Army. Everybody else fans. They, they, they leaving. So they gonna sell they tickets.


They bought to the final game. Right. All them Houston fans that couldn't listen, that couldn't get 'em on Ticketmaster. People was trying to Right. Hey, they getting them things right now for two. Hey listen for pennies on the dollar A Kmart. I'm gonna, I'm gonna throw in five when you win. Go get my money too. While you at it. I'm throw five of 'em cigars. Well, damn. Hold on man. What, what you, how you gonna side back? Ain't no side. This it between me And you though. I'm just saying when he win, I'm gonna give him an extra five. So he gonna get my money while he had it, while he died there. He gonna get my money. I'm talking about. Nah, Nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna mail it. I'm not gonna see him in person. I'm gonna just mail it.


Them Texas Boys man. Hey them Texas boys man. Them boys Hungry dog, Misty, Missy. I don't even, why ask you? Because I should have known All Faith, all Faith Texas. All thing Texas. He love him. Saw ass Cowboys O Joe. Yeah. We ain't talk about Time, time out time. You like the Cowboy Show. I'm bred in it Ocho I'm not, I'm not one of them. Do this from somewhere else, man. See, listen, He just, he just going for team just because he from the place and not had not being realistic. No. About that chance actually winning the game. Oh No. I am real. No. One thing about me, about this team. Now you gotta listen to me. But I'm realistic about him. Trust me. No, I'm not one of them.


Them every year Lakers fans, every year Cowboys fan, we gonna win. Right, right. I'm not, I'm not one of them though. Trust me, we hire. Okay, we hired Shaheim as a coach. I'm, trust me, when we, we could have d hey, the man in d the the man out in DC was an excellent for us. Ain't no way. He should not have been our head coach. How about you go Kellen Moore. You want somebody that, that don't get me started with these dudes, man. Just 'cause I'm, I was in high. Do You know I've been outta high school a long time. See all this great. I've been outta high school a long time. That's the last time they went to the Super Bowl. I used to skipped high school and went to the, listen, I skipped school and went to the Super Bowl parade, Don, for real.


And yes, they had to sit out the first half of the basketball game because the, they went looking for us in the classroom. So no, I don't, I ain't rolling man. Like I'm, I'm big time CD fan bro. But Michael Parson, I'm, I'm on the fence about that. I don't know about, I I I call him Dakota until he do something. His name Dakota Rain. I don't call if you don't get nicknames of me, if you don't, if you don't get it done, man. I'm right. The dude was on the show. So, so we had to pick another team this year. I was going for the barn, the Ravens man. Like, so I, I was off the band with this way, way back in when they first started training camp.


I'm gonna tell you straight up, right. They did nothing significant when they didn't sign Derrick Henry last year. I was off of him. I ain't gonna even him hold you. Yeah, well listen, Y y Had a place in Dallas, Kmart. He traded Dallas And I From Dallas. I know he, the guy he, he trained with my mind like Melvin Sanders at Sanders Fit the way he work out at, yeah. I was Mel's first client. I know Mel well. Mel was with me in Denver trying to, so I know these dudes well. And Mel was telling me off track like, man, he trying to be here. I'm like, man, what's up with it? So a Y y owner, yo owner said he couldn't afford it, man. Then you go back and bring Zeke man, are you back? Come on man. Let's not do this. Let's man, let's, let's not do this man, because trust me dog.


Hey, they could have threw one of us back there man. And got more production. Baby Ocho. I got artificial hip. I can't take no more hits. Huh? Okay. Bar. I ain't gonna, You know what Nicole Yoic in a loss. 41 points, 15 rebounds, 13 assists, ties Will Chamberlain for the most 40 point triple doubles seven by Center up Steve Kerr called Nicole Yoic the best center he's ever seen. Kareem couldn't do all this stuff. Yoic is the best center I've ever seen. I played against Kareem. Kareem couldn't do all this stuff. We're watching a guy who's doing things nobody's ever done before.


It goes so far. Well beyond the skill with Yolk is the competitiveness. It's his intelligence. He's absolutely one of the smartest players ever. And you see it in so many different ways. Hmm. Kmart, somebody was saying, hold on, I forget who it was, but they said he wasn't a top 20 player yet. Where do you have Nicole Yoic ring? Because he top 20 for me. If he ain't top 20 doing away with the whole whoever in the top 20. I'm throwing everybody out. If Nicole Yoic, I'm talking about right now. If he is not top 20, I don't know what the hell we talking about. Right. I want them to name me some. Wait, hold on. Wait, wait, wait.


Before your answer, Kmar hold on. Top 20. All time. All time. All Time, Bro. All time in the hip. In the 78 year history of the NBA. Yeah. Could do the top 20 player as we sit here, He's still playing. Give top I Don Floyd. LeBron. So is LeBron and Steph Curry? Yes. Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Call my answer. Answer. I'm, I'm just curious. Them two dudes, you can't, yo man, you can't talk about the history of the game with the last and not mention him. Just can't. So if you talk about, so if we do about positions, right? We give you about positions. Yes sir. You go wil.


Just not team performance. You're talking about individual dominant performance. Not you go Wil, you go Hakeem, you go Shaq, he's next in line man. You taking him over Kareem. Well, I forgot about Kap, my bad. He's fit, he's the fifth best center of all time right now. Just from got three MVPs. What he is doing, go after triple, double all his right. You win another one, he's gonna win another MVP, You know, maybe two before he is done. Maybe another championship. This puts him up.


Yeah. Top five center of all time right now, man. So you, you, you some of these other guys, man, you Yeah, I'm, I definitely got, if you're not top 20, he 21. If you don't have the top 20, he, he, he 2120. I like it. I like it. Top 25. I like, if you wanna take five guards, five, Five Point guards, five shooting guards, five small four, five pound force, five sentence top 25 basket, NBA players of all time. He's top 20. He's the, he's the fifth best center of all time. So I would, I would put him at right now, he's still playing. I'll put him at fifth.


He's, he, he he's as good as I've ever seen. Yeah, I'll put him at fifth. I think the thing where people knock him is because of his deep, because all the guys that you mentioned play deep. All, all the guys that you mentioned had had made at least one, some multiple, all defensive teams now. All right. They didn't have that. They didn't have all defensive team when, when Wil Chamberlain. 'cause Wilt had a game where he had 24 blocks. Gotcha. So we, I mean his numbers, I mean we gotta do something. We just gotta gotta sit will aside. So because the 150 point 50 point games, ain't nobody ever touching that. Yeah, you never gonna do that. Nobody's gonna ever have it 50 points get him for a season. What A what a what a what a footage at of, of Will's a hundred, a hundred point game.


You seen the footage? No, Ain't no footage. You just got the box score. Yeah. So, so, so if you look at Yeah, I, I'm witching so that just, so the hundred points, the 20,000 women, all of them, Hey, Now you A the 20,000 was to sell that book. Yeah, absolutely. Damn sure sell so, right. So my thing about Nicole right, it's not the defensive end. He, it's your top three in steal. Right. But that's one thing. Right. But if you look at it, unc and os look at when the games are on the line, right? Like the other day that that man, that Minnesota game the other day, right?


Yeah. The 60 point triple of that game of all the things he was asked to do offensively that game when the game was on the line, both overtime, this, that, and the third. Watch him move his feet defensively when they ask him to go out and double Anthony l It's little things like that that I look at right. When the game is on the line, he can move his feet. He's great. He's not, I ain't gonna say he's Draymond Green defensively when the game is on the line, but No, no, you, you're going to get an honest effort out him. He's going to implement the game playing whatever you tell him to go out and do with all the efficiencies that he has defensively.


Gimme that effort that he, that he displays when it's winning time. Every time. Yeah. 'cause like Steve Curtis said, his competitive nature kick in. You say he can't do something. I'm gonna try my best not to let Anthony El turn this corner. Right. Listen, but this is a funny thing about it. Now as great as he is offensively and what he can do offensively in the post mid-range from three, he's a liability on defense. I don't care how hard he tries, I won't look at ain't nobody Can take advantage of it. Yeah. If he's going up against Dojo and bead, he's probably a liability in the defense. But the question is, who do you have on the d offensive end that's gonna punish him?


Like he's gonna punish your guy on the defensive end. So when you, so when he has to play defense, right? Who's the guy that's gonna go at him and put 40 on his head? Like he's gonna put 40 on your guy's head. If all they Gonna do is put him on The, then he's gonna get 13, he's gonna have a double digit assist. So now that's another 20 to 30 points. Right? And He's gonna get, I mean think about this. He's gonna average a triple double for a season as a big, he shooting 58% from the floor. He shooting 42% from three. That's crazy. From the line. Do you understand somebody that shoots that many shots from the outside?


I ain't talking about a guy that just lays the ball up and dunks it. Right? Think about how many shots he takes outside of the paint and he is shooting damn near 58% ocho. That's crazy boy. And 42% from the three. Talk to him. You shoot 40, if you shoot 40% from the three, you'll make a lot of money. You Shoot 37%, you Ain't eight. Okay. 40%. You, they look at you as an elite shooter. You shoot 42%. You are. Yeah, I mean that's, that's what I Wasn't asking. 40%, 41, 40 2%, man. Three. Yes. And you got a sitter out here doing it. Come on man. Like A sitter.


The Volume,


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. It's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more@chase.com back slash business Chase for business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chas Company


Protect your end zone with the best clean pass down dude wipes coming a variety of sense and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with TP wetter, just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and make the trade of the season with switch to dude wipes, the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean hands down.


You know, some people say that, oo, business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@oo.com o doo.com.