
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they can achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into HubSpot's collection of AI tools. Breeze to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Bronco Country, we hungry. We eat dos. That's what we do. We eat doves that the Bronco country stand up. Would I move you? Move just like that. Would I move you? Move. Calm down a little bit like you in Jordan for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know who I am? The president of Bronco country. That's me. Your favorite, huh? She had a shark. He, he would cry as that. Your team can't do what my team do, which is all we do is win, win, win. That's what we do. That's not what his team do. Y'all know who he is? Number 85. Liberty City Zone, route runner extraordinaire. Bingo. Ring of Fame honoree.


The Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco crying Johnson, y'all just call him crying. Ocho, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, thank you for your support from the beginning to the middle, to the end. You've been down with Nightcap Ocho and I, we greatly appreciate that. Yeah. Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Poitier. We have it in stock in abundance. Holidays are upon us. What better way to celebrate than when a bottle of Shaa by La Portier? Check it out. If you can't find any city or a state near you, you can order it. We get it right to you just in time for the holidays.


Do me one more favor, please, Jake Responsibly go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. We have our newest release just drop and do to high demand. They called the glitch in our, in our network. But everything is fixed. Everything is up and running. So please make sure you go out and take advantage of our final hours of Cyber Monday. Items are Up to 60% off. Make sure you subscribe to our next, our text notification. We ran a HA huge flash Cyber Monday deal earlier. Five lucky people got their or orders completely free. Shout out to Irie Williams for the sweet set of of that's free.


Andy Cus got a free hoodie. Steven Garcia got two free shirts. Arius Eason got a free shirt and Keon puke. Puit Ewt. Yeah. Got a got what's his name? Pre Pre Keon. Prewitt. He got a free shirt also. And in case that isn't enough, we want to give back even more. If you spend over 200 bucks, you'll receive a complimentary hat. Hat. All you have to do is make sure you have 200 or more dollars in your cart. And at the time of checkout, get the hat that you want. And when you check out, the hat will be free. We've also released some stocking stuffers, beanies, coozies, cozy coozies and mugs.


Remember, quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies land. Y'all know what it is? We Bronco country. Yeah. And we you go to the mile high 5,280 feet above sea level. Right. You know when you come up in there, it ain't an easy place to win. Look, Denver had a very good defense. Although not withstanding tonight, they gave up damn near 600 yards of offense. Ocho Yeah, that defense did. But it only matters when they needed to, when they needed to bow their backs. Yeah, they bowed their backs. But it's, and they gotta win thanks to Jamis. Y'all, y'all, y'all know who he is.


This is who he is. He'll give you great numbers. Hey, I mean, were you surprised? Clearly. I mean the Raven had him, remember Hamilton dropped that pick and the next play, what did Jamus do? Come back and throw the game. Winning touchdown. Touchdown. The Broncos didn't let him off the hook. Like the famous, the Denny Green Rest your Soul. They are who we thought they were and we didn't let 'em off the hook. Pick six. When we talked about ocho, we talked about that last pick. Well, second to the last pick six. Well, McMillan got it. Yeah. If you late with that out ball Ocho, it's Going the other way every time. And, if you are late, it better be, it better be outside and going outta bounds. Yes. So Jamus gimme JAMA Stats.


I think he was three yards short of 500 yards. Hey listen, he had the next, he was throwing the ball. He shoulda had 500 and KU dropped about six of them. Hold On. And he coulda, he should have hit ju on that first post in ear early in the game. He missed he on a long one. Yeah. And then, you know, I, I had a question. I'm sitting here watching the game, right? And I'm thinking to myself, well are they calling a different type of game plan when Jam is back there and when Joe, Joe Flacker was back there as opposed to a different game plan when Deshaun was back there? 'cause I'm trying to understand why is the offense flowing so much more smoother as opposed to when Flacker when Jam is back there as opposed to when goddamn Deshaun was back?


I'm I'm, I'm just, I'm just curious. Don't start, don't start me lying. Don't you? I wish I could tell you. Hey, I'm talking about everything looks completely different. It does Everybody get everybody getting open. I mean, it just, it just, IIII can't explain it for my life and everything seems so condensed, so condensed when Deshaun was that at Quarterback. But e either way, either, either way. But the numbers that Jam has been putting up ever since he's taken over for, since Deshaun has gotten hurt. I mean it is been, it is been really good. I mean, regardless of what their record shows offensively, they've been putting up some crazy numbers. They have Ocho and we look, there's no denying you don't win a national championship.


You don't win a Heisman trophy. You don't win. Become the number one overall pick. If you don't have talent, then you can throw the football Jaya's problem has always been turnovers. Yeah. That's his only bugaboo is hard to be great Ocho when you turn the ball over at the rate that he does. Yeah. This, he basically gave the Broncos, think about it. The Broncos got 40. What? They could score 41 points. He gave them two pick sixes. Yeah. It's hard to overcome that. Yeah. And the bro and, and, and, and the, the defense look, the Broncos offense is pretty good. I mean, Bo Nicks is, is is showing that okay. They I'm sure they're happy.


Yeah. The getting bold. 'cause Bo has played really well. Hey, but you can't ocho you can't turn the ball over. This is what I'm talking about. Right. People see, y'all got on me because y'all say look, so look at the numbers. Look at, look at Jam's numbers. What was the difference in the game? Turnovers. Turnovers, yeah. You paid six Cincinnati yesterday. Ocho you Paid double three. He threw the three. Two things can be true. You can be a great player, have a great game, and still help your team lose the game by turning the football over. Yeah. That's what Jamis did tonight. That's what But see y'all don't wanna do that. See, y'all don't really wanna have this conversation about Joe Burrow.


Y'all don't want to have it. I mean, Y don't listen. We, we, we enjoyed the conversation with it. And just the difference is the turnovers the night by Jamus we're in control. They, they were in in his hands. He's throwing the ball away away to the opposing team. Two of Joe Burrow's turnovers, actually three of them. He had no recollection of what was going on because other players were beat, beat the left tackle was beat twice and it was a strip sack. Then Cam Hayward tipped the ball. Like that's outta his control. That's what I call football. No, sometimes the football. So with the ball is at what point in time side. And that's what happened to us yesterday. At what point in time was the ball in his hands that it's in his control.


So, so, so, so if You, so if I throw you the pass and you run it and the guy punches it out, that's not in your control. That, That, that, that, that's, that. That's on. That's, that's on me. That's, that's Why is it Loan Joe Burrow? I mean, because you understand, you understand based on context and watching the game with your eyes on what happened. You understand that? So, so in other words, come on. Understand. So if Joe bur understand, so if Joe Burrow has the ball in his hands, right? They knock it out his hands. That's not on Joe and He strip sack from behind while trying to make a play and make and go through his progression. I mean, what On that has a receiver or a running, has a receiver or a running back ever had the ball punched out from behind? Yes or no? Not no context, yes or no?


Yeah, Of course it Happens. So that's not, but that's not on him because he has no control over that. See, you try, you, you track. Come on. You track. All right. Okay. All right. I, I see, I see, I see. I see what you're doing. But, but you Right. Okay. What About ocho? You said Joe Burrow the ball is in his hand. He has no control over. You watch the game. You saw it with a strip sack when he's trying to look down the field and go through his progression. Yes. He say wat knocks the ball out. There's nothing joking do if the left tackle is getting beat, soon as it got Damned, hold on to the ball. Huh? Hold on to the ball. So all those, all those peanut, all those peanut punches.


That's that. Hey, that's not on the receiver. That's not on the running back. Hey, they got no control over. Listen Scenario. But anyway, let's let, let, let's, let's get a little further on. James was 34 58. Yeah. 4 97. He was sacked three times. He had four touchdowns. Yeah. Three interceptions. He had a long of 70. Jerry Judy 13 targets had the most catches and a against a former team. His nine for 2 35 and a touchdown long with 70. Elijah Moore had 14 targets. A catches a buck. 11. He played really well. Very well. I told you. And Ku had 17 targets. He called nine passes for 52 yards.


17. He Had two to, he had 17 targets and he got so frustrated he tried to take himself out. If I could tell, if I could tell in KU something, I said, bro, there are days like this. Yeah, but you need to concentrate more. He's not, if you watch him catch the ball, he's not a natural, he's not a natural catcher of the ball. Right, right, right. He doesn't pluck the ball. Ocho, you and I, we pluck the ball. Yeah. Yeah. That's not him. Right. If you watch him when he catches touchdowns, he always tries to face the ball. If you notice when you throw it, he don't wanna catch it. Like here, he don't want, he wanna do it like this. He wants to do it like this. Yeah. It's Comfortable. If you watch it, it comfortable don't look at his touchdowns. Right. He normally is on his back. Go watch that two point conversion he got a couple of weeks ago.


It was the same catch that he had. He doesn't like to catch the ball at an angle. Right. He likes to face the ball. So maybe he has one eye that's dominant. He might need to get that checked out because you can't ocho you can't get 17 targets and draw and, and and, and and, and they were in his hands. Ocho it wasn't like he gotta you gotta be better. You gotta you gotta be better. You gotta focus. Get back, get back to the ba the basics. Hey. Yes. Look that thing all the way in. Find them laces, find the white on them, laces and boom, back to basic fundamentals and you touch it, then turn and go. Because the thing is Ocho what I tried to do as the tight end, 'cause I can talk then Joe Cool.


Because that's played, he played the position that I played. I'm trying to pick the ball up as soon as I can outta the quarterback's hand. Oh Yeah. Oh Yeah. So that's how I'm trying to, I'm not waiting till the ball gets up on me. Right. And do like this. I'm trying to pick the ball up outta his hand. Okay. I see the release. It gives me a kind of an idea that's kind like a baseball player and the crack of the bat, he can kind of tell the trajectory of the ball and he kind of goes how hard he needs to go in the direction. Right. So I pick the ball up by his hand. I have a pretty good idea of how fast the ball is coming and where I need to get to. And so I'm tracking the ball you catch with your, you a you catch with your eyes, your hands just cradling. You catch with your eyes. And he's not his eyes.


Something is off with his tracking because I've noticed that early. But like I said, he's not a natural catcher of the football, but there's no reason he shouldn't have a higher catch rate than what he has. Right. But this was a very interesting game. Ocho c Game game. You don't have anything to play for because I hated playing teams like Cleveland because they throw effing caution to the win. What the hell? We got to lose Ocho. We ain't won but three games. Yeah. We ain't going nowhere. Oh. So now go ahead. You know what, I also, I don't know I don't know if you matter of fact, he'll see this because all, all the players watch these clips that goddamn Denzel Ward. Boy, you the real deal bro. You, I mean Ward is the, the real deal. He's, he's one of one of one of those that doesn't get the credit he deserves.


Obviously watching him play tonight, seeing some of the plays that he make, technique dog, these textbook sound on so many things. So much teach and tape watching him play and, and, and unc you know how I feel about Good DB play tonight? Oh yeah. We hear good DB play. I mean a few, few, few handsy calls that were called, but outside of that man, Denzel Ward, beautiful game. Boy man, I I I salute you. Yeah. He got great feet and you know, they were able to take advantage of the corners that came in there. They went right to Suddent. He ran the speed out number 17, bro. The guy's off. You bro's gonna raise up and throw you the ball. Yeah bro. Come on man. See that's the stuff that I'm talking about Ocho Yeah.


Even if you're not in there, you gotta watch when you're not in there what they're doing. Right. Watch the starters. If I'm not, if I'm backing up Ocho I'm watching to see what he does. Oh man, that corner's off man. Look at ocho. He just, carston just raised up and throw him on the one step sl. Okay. If I get a similar situation, I'm expecting him to do the same thing. Right. But sometimes you don't get to practice everything that you're gonna potentially see in the game. You gotta be ready to do it. Sometimes you have to pick up through osmosis. Yeah. Watching someone else do it. But the Broncos, when they had them, and this is what I always tell people, Ocho Yeah. And I've always been a believer of this. Be it offense or defense.


If you are what you say you are, can you get done what you need to get done when you absolutely have to. You said I'm a top flight defense. Right? Can you keep 'em at the end zone instead of giving 'em a touchdown? Can you give them three Three? Yeah. If you are an offense, can you keep the ball? Can you get in field goal range or can you get a touchdown? Well, I believe the Broncos were a pretty good defense going into this game. And when they absolutely had to have it. What do they do? Pick six and another pick to keep em out the ends up. Yeah. Offensively, if you are what you say you are, go get that first down and don't give him the ball back. Go get in field goal range and win the game. That's the mark of anything that you would consider great.


When you absolutely have to have it. Can you go get it done? Right? Yeah. I mean they, they look good. Goddamn Bo Nicks, I, I never would've thought, I never would've thought based on how he looked at the beginning based on how he looked at the beginning of the season. Obviously there's gonna be some, some, some Rocky, rocky starts and then I, him and Sean Peyton going at it on the sideline to where he is now, to where he is now. His growth, his maturity as a quarterback, the plays he's making, he's obviously, he's the dual threat as well. But he's one that chooses to throw the ball first. And, and then outside of that off script, he uses his legs to make plays, to throw the ball downfield. And when he has to run, he runs when he, when when necessary, he looked goddamn good boy Bo look good.


Corland Sutton looked good. And man hell Sean Peyton, kudos to what you've done so far, because last year it was, it was horrible. And the fact that you flipped everything that fast with a rookie, with a rookie quarterback, you get a thumbs up.


Okay. Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping in the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Myers smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While are you sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast. Sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


when It's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Game on


because ES esp n plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com. For details.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us. It's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car that fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do it yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and follow what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


Ocho wanted to come on here. I know all the fans wanna come in here. You can't say foot or ball because both of your team law, the Ravens Law and the Bronco and Ocho, y'all ain't gonna say nothing, but don't your like, man. Oh, oh. He was wanting to get me, he was wanting to get me Do my prep. Prep. You know, I listen. I actually, I wasn't even gonna do it. I wasn't gonna do it. 'cause I'm still, I'm still feeling a little hurt about my bangals from yesterday. You know, I haven't gotten nowhere that Y'all, No, Y'all suck. Re relax, relax, relax, relax. We're the best. We're the best. Four A team in the NFL. We have the best four. There's no such thing. Okay. Hey, listen, yesterday I went to, I went to therapy. I went to therapy today. I went to therapy today to cope with the losing throughout the entirety of the season because I've been betting on us.


I'm betting I'm not using, I'm not losing, I'm not using logic. I'm, I'm betting my heart. You know, and that, that's, that's what wrong with me. You know, I'm, I'm leading with the wrong thing. I'm not using common sense. I'm using delusion and it, I like it. It's, it is hurting. It's hurting. And I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get over. It ain't hurt Me. I feel good. I know. Of course it ain't hurt you 'cause you're not a Bengal fan. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What? How about I feel insulted? No, I'm not. I'm not. How, how you feeling insulted? You, I mean, you just happy your team won it. Don't, don't worry about it. You will be home. You'll be home. You'll be home before the end of December. I tell you what, I tell you what y'all do. I I gotta travel agency. Tell the guys to hit me up. I got great deals. Carbo Jamaica.


Where, where y'all wanna go? Where y'all wanna go? Y'all didn't go anywhere? Cancun port of, well, listen, If you, if you got a good travel agent, make sure you do me a favor with it. Make sure you let the Broncos players know they gonna be right with us about two weeks after the season. Over two. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Maybe a week. Maybe a week. If that. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What we, We gonna be in the same place. We gonna be in the same, we gonna be in the same club. Drinking the drinking the same drinks. Listen to the same. I was told that the road to the a FC goes through Cincinnati the road, the playoffs not gonna even go through Cincinnati. Wait A minute. The A FFC North doesn't even go through Cincinnati. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a Minute. Y'all talking. Y'all over there bumping them guns. Wait a minute. Your ass off.


Wait, wait a minute. Wait a wait a minute. Wait a minute. This just happened to be an off year. This happened to year off. Be a off year for us. We will be back on track next year. You be up road. You wrote ever roll Amtrak? Yes. And you know, sometimes Amtrak, it jumped the rails sometimes. We jumped the rail. We jumped the rails this year. That's all. Yeah. Jump the rail. Next year. We, next year we'll get back on track. Y'all said that last year. We didn't say that last year. Yeah, You did. Who said it? Because I said It. You, you did Me And oh, oh, we get a slow talking about, I don't know why my bangles get up to the slow start, bro. Y'all won three games, so if you got up to a slow start, what the hell happened in October, November?


I get, okay, September. Y'all got out to a slow start. You only won one game in September. Well, hell, you only got three wins since then. So what happened in October, November? I didn't say that. I mean, speaking of this year, I mean, historically our defense is, is is bad. Is is very bad. It is very bad. And then I I I don't even know how you fix that. I don't know how, I don't know what you have to do to fix that offensively. You know, again, like you said, Joe Burrow has to play like f-ing Superman to overcome how bad our defense is. So yesterday, the turnovers, it hurts even though to me, like I understand your point of view. It's him from the ball, but there's situations that are outta his control and there's nothing he can do.


If the ball's in his hands, it's in his control. Okay. Okay. I got, I I know, I know, I know, I know what you mean. So Let ask you a question. If I I'm, I'm, I'm not gonna argue with you. I ain't gonna argue With you. If I, if I'm fight, if you driving the car and aint and you running something if, hey outta my control. You driving the car though? Oto, he got the Ball. Hold on. Hold on. Hey, hey, I, I'm glad you just said that. If I'm driving the car right and you riding with me, and if somebody else and somebody hit us from behind, is that my fault? Did you stop a, did you stop? Somebody hit us from behind fault. Did you Stop abruptly? Did you stop abruptly? No, I did not. Okay. Well, no. No. Okay. Tha thank you. See same, same thing. Yeah, same Constant. But see I was going see, but you type of guy that a unc it was raining and my car slid you driving too fast for conditions.


You see that's in your control. Slow your ass down. That's why you I don. That's when I Complain it I don when I don't even like that. I don't I don't like that hypothetical. 'cause when it's raining, my black ass is in the house. So you've never driven in the rain? Nah, never. Never. No. I I, I promise you for one, I'm not, for one, I'm not getting my hair wet being outside because of the humidity in Miami. So I, I don't, I don't have I don't have time for that. But that was a Jerry Judy throw shade at the Broncos before the game. My rookie year had a few, a few drops. That was the biggest thing. But the years after that, I feel like I wasn't getting too many, that many opportunities to showcase my talent with all these different ocs and different schemes and stuff like that. So I really couldn't show my abilities and show my route running skills.


It was just wasn't, it just wasn't a fit for me. I agree. It just wasn't working over there. I felt like I was a way better player than they used me as. Right. I wanted to go somewhere that would use me, see my full potential and take advantage of it. He's absolutely right. Oh yeah. Most He Most definitely, They got down on him because he was dropping. He dropped some passes. Yeah. And he kind of, he was kind of nicked. Yeah. And you are right. For whatever reason, they had a lot of ocs. We had a difficult quarterbacks in and outta the lineups. And I saw the guy that won the Biletnikoff award as a sophomore, the route runner. Extraordinaire. Extraordinaire. Yeah. He is What I saw as a junior. His last game against Michigan, he went over 200 yards.


I just knew, Hey, I just knew it. Yeah. But for whatever reason it didn't work. And that's okay. Sometimes Ocho you get into a relationship, it doesn't work with her. Right. It doesn't work with him. You get this new gal, you get this new guy. Yes, sir. In his harmony. Yeah. Yeah. That's not a knock on nobody. Yeah. It just didn't work. And if that's okay, stop trying to figure out why it didn't. But look how good it is now. He somewhere, he, somewhere they believe in him. They gave him an extension. They're getting him the ball. He's showing his ability. He's great. After the catch, he has tremendous route running skills.


Oh, he can stop on the dime. He's 20. Oh yeah, bro. Yeah. It, it is all showing up. It's all it is All showing up. Yes. Things that I've always talked about that I knew we could do and couldn't understand why he wasn't getting it done in Denver. Obviously he goes to a situation in Cleveland where he's able to display that artistry. You know, that art that I call route running. And I'm happy for him, Judy. I know you're gonna see this. Matter of fact, I'm gonna call you tonight anyway. I'm calling every goddamn by tonight. Enjoy yourself man. Keep it. Call them bangles and tell 'em one a game Won one after another. Keep stacking 'em one after another. Consistency. Who? Stacking what? Huh? Stacking what? Being consistent. Oh. Oh. Talking stacking wins. Oh, nah.


Wait, come on, Uhuh. You ain't got do I thought you talking wins Ain't talking about win, but just stack stacking 'em consistently from a, from a personal standpoint as as a receiver. And they get that once that, once you get that confidence up, boy it's a rap whack. But put y'all put Cleveland, Cincinnati record together. Y'all still outta the playoffs. What? Together. Hey, that's that bad. The state of Ohio will. Boy, y'all had a rough one. Ohio State got kicked at home. Cincinnati got kicked at home and click, boy, look at him. Boy, look at him. Boy. Ohio ain't doing well right now. You don't gotta kick, you don't gotta kick a dog when he down. You know that. That's the best time To kick Him. He there. You don't have to kick a man. Willie down. That's the best time to kick a man.


He right there, right there by your foot. It hard to kick somebody standing up. He on the ground. He right there. What better time to kick it? He down. Lemme help you get up. Hey. Oh, you shot at Ah, man, Ocho man. Look, I wa I really wanted Jamis to get 500 though. I'm, listen, I was so hopeful. I said, man, I hope Judy have a good game. Yeah. To show what he could be. Oh yeah. But it wasn't gonna be in Denver. He came back 2 35. Outstanding. The Broncos got the win. It just goes to show you. And that's what I'm saying, people look at Jamas Knight, but he's done undone by the turnovers.


Yeah. Turnovers will ruin a great game. Yeah. We've seen basketball players have a great game and then you turn the ball over Ocho on the last possession you are down or you tied, you turn it over the other team go down there and then make a basket. Yeah. Ruin your night in football. You a, a baseball player, maybe have two home runs driving seven. But it was his era. Yeah. That let So this is everything. We gotta stop this notion because somebody had a great game. You look past everything else that might've gone into it. It's just more than about their stats. Yes. We like to have stats because that's why we keep the stats.


But turnovers is also a stat. Yeah. And they can de directly attribute to wins and losses. Losses. Yeah. Two things can be true. Somebody can play great but have turnover that cost their team a game. Oh, Joe, Lamar, Jackson, Lee, all players in initial Pro Bowl voting. Lamar has received the most fan Pro Bowl votes of any player. Derrick Henry is second. Next on the list is Sequan Barkley third on the list is Josh Allen fourth on the list. Yeah. Fourth on the list is Josh Allen. So Lamar is won. Derrick Henry is two, Sequan is three. Josh Allen is fourth, and Jamir Gibbs is fifth. Are there any, is there a surprising omission to you?


I mean, no. I mean, you look at everybody, look at everybody that you named and look at their resume date as of what they've done so far this season. I mean, it's, it's in, it's in the right pecking order. It's in the right pecking order. I mean, some, some might switch Josh Allen and Lamar. But either way it's all, all, it's all based on preference right. Now if we, if we were to, to have an MVP, I think Josh Allen might be leading that race. I I think you would win too. That race. You know, so it it, it all, it all depends. And if it's fan voting, if it's player voting, it all comes down to preference. Especially if it's Pro Bowl voting. Because everybody that you just named regardless of order is playing phenomenal f-ing football right now. So you can't go wrong no matter what.


There's no Patrick Mahomes, there's no Travis Kelsey Obvi for obvious reasons. I know they, they have a winning record, but they're not playing well from an individual standpoint as a team. Yes. Yeah. Individually, Uhuh and Matter of fact Go ahead. Go ahead. I don't even think, I don't even think they would be able to go to, they, they wouldn't even be around to go to the Pro Bowl anyway. Now For me. They might be, they they might be playing possum. You never know. No, I mean I don't think I would, I don't think they would've earned it. Now sometimes guys get to go on reputation. Yeah. A name alone.


Yeah. Yeah. But if, if you look it at, it says they, this individual earned a right to participate in the Pro Bowl. I'm gonna say no. Right. I'm Gonna say no. Now you take three quarter, first of all, three quarterbacks go, I don't like the way they do it now because they have the Pro Bowl before the, before the Super Bowl. Super Bowl. So, you know, normally there's the quarterback that makes the Super Bowl, he's gonna be a Pro Bowl player. He's not gonna go. So that's why you get these guys all of a sudden, oh, he's a Pro Bowl bro. He was the ninth alternate. Nobody else wanted to go. I mean, once upon a time, Ocho once they like, now you got ninth and eighth guy Come, come on bro.


Bro. They took the backup Up to Lamar from Baltimore one year to the Pro Bowl the quarterback. Come on ocho. Yeah. You taking a backup, you got 16 starters he'll backup. Nobody else wanted to go. But that's on his Resume. Right. His But you're right, I agree with everything you say. I don't believe Patrick nor t Trav has earned a right. Brock Bowers should be the starting a LC at the, at the Pro Bowl. At the tight end position. At the tight end position. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Ab absolutely. And He's man Reese's playing really, really well. Really well. Yeah. And if, and I trying to think, I mean with the quarterback carousel at that. Yes, yes, yes. And they getting in the rock, but he deserves it.


Yeah. Man. Hey, I thought when I watched him as a freshman, I said, this guy, I say, this guy can play in the league. And he going and he really good. And then I saw him in sophomore year. I said, yeah, he'll top 10 pick And you can see it. His ability, his ability to track the football, his, his ability to run after the catch. Yes. He can catch it on a crowd. I mean he fluid at his size. I mean offensively he has, he has no weaknesses. Right. And that's what you're looking for. These guys, you gotta be able to play in space. You gotta be a matchup nightmare. And he's a matchup nightmare for your safety, for your linebackers, for your corners. Because of his side. Because his his quickness. He's, he, he's, he's, he's really, really good.


Yeah. I mean he has the potential to be historically good. That's how good he can be. He has that ability to be historically good and you know, the Raiders tight end, you know, you go back to Dave Casper that ghost to the cup post Raymond Chester, they had Todd Christensen. They, they they've had a history of having some Yeah. Some good ones. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think Dave is in the, I think Casper is in the hall too, I think. But that was a, that was a great game tonight. Krista McCaffrey 2024 season started late and it appears to be over. McCaffrey's been placed on injury reserve due to a PCL injury he sustained in the 49 ERs lost to the bills.


Shanahan added that McCaffrey injury won't require surgery. He'll miss at least six weeks with just five weeks left in the regular season. McCaffery will not return to this campaign unless San Francisco mounted what appears to be un an unlikely playoff run. And even if he ran it dead, I'm not gonna jeopardize a playoff run for next season because now Ocho I messed around and have this man and he messed around and messed up PCL If he has to have surgery, yeah. Now I'm gonna have him, he's not gonna be able to have an off season. He's gonna have to rehab. Rehab. And that's what happened. You rehab it, you're not training. And, and so yeah, it looks like his, his season is over and man, he didn't come to the middle of the season.


And I, I have a simple philosophy. If you limping into the season, you're gonna limp out of it. You Gonna limp out of it. Isaac Guerrero, GDA, gdo GDO is expected to be San Francisco. Lead back for the remainder of the season because what you call Watson is on IR also Ocho damn. They've just been, they've just been hit with the injury bug ocho. They really have. Yeah. Hey, that, that's un that's unfortunate. 'cause this, this is the time of season. If you wanna make any type of run to even have a goddamn chance for one, you wanna stay healthy, but to have this many people go out, I mean, it just, it just, it puts, it puts a damper in all your plans and whatever they may be.


And hell Shanahan might be just scratching it and just preparing himself to get everybody ready for next season. He, he, he just might be because there's no way you can, you can compete with Mason out Jordan mcc. Yeah, Jordan Mason. Yeah. I mean what, well, what, what what you supposed to do. It's tough, man, because I guess what IG ain't nobody feeling sorry for your ass. Nah, nah, that's for sure. Never that Hey, hey, ain't nobody feeling sorry for you. Never That And you, you Know, but they ain definitely the ce the receivers is just I uk out, you know, Deebo doesn't, doesn't, doesn't, doesn't seem like the same Deebo I'm used to seeing, you know, last year. Yeah. Yeah. Jawan Jennings offensively has really been the only goddamn shining bright light.


You know, KDO kind of been nicked. Yeah. But you know, it, it, it is been one of those years they didn't get off to the best start and it, now, now the injuries are starting to mount. Yeah, man. And it's only, you are only gonna be, be able to do so much. I get that next man up. But that, that, that's, that's, that's coach speak. That's Hey, Listen. Yeah. There, there's a reason you next man for it. Let, let's start there. Yes. Dang Ojo. Yeah. After just lost the seat to the Seahawks, Roger was asked about his pedestrian statistics and he was quick to remind everyone is not all his fault. There are 11 guys on the field.


Sometimes it's my fault. Definitely multiple times today. And then sometimes the details aren't there in other spots. The jets are three and nine. There are oh and five. When Rogers have the chance to win the game late, he throw a be a a, a brutal pick six since 2022. Rogers ranks 30th out of 35 quarterbacks in total QBR Ocho at some point in time, bro, you just gotta say it's me. Yeah. Most quarter when Brady, see the thing is Brady is quick. Manny the great quarterback. And I'm not talking about the average guy. I'm talking about the great because I think Rogers deserve to be mentioned with those guys. Right.


They ask you about you. I'm not playing well, Ocho Yeah, Shannon, you know what Shannon, you, you are not having your typical year. Yeah man, I, I ain't playing well I'm not seeing the ball, you know, I just not playing well, it's, it's, and, and I, I, you know, I I need to take advantage of the opportunities when they present themselves. I think sometimes because I'm trying to force it because I feel like the opportunities that I'm, that I normally would get aren't there. I'm trying to magnify that. So if I get an opportunity, I'm trying to make three opportunities and I can't. Right. I'm trying to make everything a whole run because I'm trying to make every, I'm trying to show everybody that I'm still that guy. That's all you have to do. Ojo. Yeah. Why mention anybody else?


They ask you about your numbers. Yeah, he's not gonna do that. He's not gonna do that. And actually they got the wrong people in asking the questions. You know, if you, if you got the right person to ask the question, they gonna ask the question in such a way where you had no choice but to answer it in a way that we want to hear directly. Not around the bush. Not about your numbers. I'm talking about specifically when you can't dodge and you can't, you can't beat around the bush where you can't even miss anybody else. 'cause the question is gonna be directly pertain to just you not even giving you the angle to be able to, to, to, to, to put others in it. Yes. We all know it's a team game, but bitch, we ain't talking about a team right now. We talk about you. Yes.


It's all in the questioning. All in the questioning. It's just, it is just tough for him. And, and it's also when you've been great for a long time, it and all of a sudden you're not great anymore and you see your mortality. Yeah. Man, I think, hey, it's Tough. He can't go get you them 300 yard games in them, four touchdown games like he could in Green Bay. He can't just whip it. When last time you see him do this, when last time you see him do that. This, this, the discount double check. Oh. Oh. You know his favorite thing? He pumped. Oh yeah. That, that little fist. Yeah. We, we, yeah. We ain't get that. We might get, we might get it next year. Well he must be playing golf or something.


I listen wherever he gonna be playing. I know one thing, the, the Jets don't have no options right now. Him on the, they still don't even with him there, they don't have an option. Oh Joe, he's about to be 41. He's about to be 41. Yeah. And what situation do you get better with age playing a professional sport at that age? I'm not saying that like when you know Ocho you know you in your twenties and you head towards your prime. Right. You long past it fry. So when, when do you start to get better at that age? Yeah. You right. You right, you right. Shit, I'm still in my prime.


I probably still play right now. Now think about it, but go ahead. Yeah, you can. 2K you can Coach Belichick believes Aaron Rogers could easily rebound in 2025. He could easily rebound from that and be ready to play and have a good year next year. You look at all the quarterbacks in the league that are kinda their second teams and they're doing pretty well. Russell, Gino, Sam, Donna Baker Mayfield, you go right down. Matthew Stafford for that matter, Jerry Golf, Jerry, yeah. These guys switch teams. They get into a different system. Things get a little different. Whatever is the previous experience, it changes when the guy has a long career and good career.


Sometimes one season is just a bump in the road and not necessarily end. But here's the difference between Aaron Rogers. Tell me the expectation from those guys compared to him. Who said Russell Wil who said Gino Smith? The Seattle Seahawks was a su a quarterback away from the Super Bowl. Sam Donald. They were a super, they're a quarterback away from the Super Bowl, Minnesota. Right. Baker Mayfield. Now I get Matthew Stafford. They put him in an ideal situation. Right. Talent out the yin yang. So where is he going? Because at the end of the day, Ocho, I'm gonna have to like forego potential, right? For one year, the opportunity to develop a quarterback and move forward into the future for one year.


Are you willing to do that Ocho based on what you've seen, a 41-year-old quarterback. But listen, you, you know how the owners are right? You know how hard it's to find adequate quarterback play or quarterbacks that are just good, especially with a resume like that. And sometimes, you know what you'll say, you know, and we shouldn't even be looking about what you've done in the past is what have you done for me lately. But quarterbacks get the different type of grace as opposed to other positions out there. You are absolutely right. Different type of grace. And when you try to critique a quarterback, they're supporters and others say, bro, I'm not trying to take away what he's done. I can't nor would I attempt to.


Right. He's still a four time league. MVP, he's still a Super Bowl winning four champion. Yeah. Super Bowl mvp. But what does that have to do with right now? How does he look right now? Right? When you watch Aaron Rogers, if lemme ask you this, I'm gonna take Rogers off the back of his jersey and I'm gonna put dirt, I'm gonna put Smith, I'm gonna put kick lighter. Right? Are you saying, you know what, if that guy goes somewhere else, they can win a championship with him? No, you're not saying that. Yeah. It's just because what he wants was just because you were that, that doesn't mean you'll ever be that again.


Right. Dang, I'm, I just love, So I I I'm just from you think, you think he'll be back next year and if he's not back next year, what other team, what, what would be a good spot for him to actually Go? I don't know. I don't, I don't, I don't know. Because in order in ocho, in order to like why am I gonna delay, why am I gonna kick the can down the road for one year? Ocho I need to get my quarterback Right. Say what you want about Sean Payton.


He knew Russell Wilson wasn't gonna the quarterback, I'm not willing to kick the can down the road again. Right. I'm gonna get my quarterback in here right now. Right. And I'm gonna go, I'm gonna try to win now I'm gonna take my lumps. I think the Broncos are better than they thought they would be. Right? I thought they just wanted to get, they wanted to get his feet wet, wanted to get going and say, okay, next year we're gonna be able to contend for the division. Oh yeah. But Brock, but, but Bo Nicks is ahead of the curve. And so with that being said, that was the right move. Ocho, if you know, the guy that you have on your roster isn't going to, is not in your future plans. Right. It's better to move on When, yeah. So the question is, I bring him in where these quarterbacks are coming out.


You got your door coming out, you got Cam Ward coming out, you got Jackson Dark coming out, right? You got Carson Ben coming out, you got these guys coming out. Okay. If you want to say I want a veteran presence for a year. But this notion that Aaron Rogers now puts you in a situation to win a, a Super Bowl, that's a Nu and Boyd, Nah, That's Nu and Boyd. But they, they, they, they would use, they would, oh, they would use that narrative and use it as a crutch simply because of who it is and what he is done. Again, certain individuals are given a different type of grace and I'm, I'm not gonna get into all that, but that's a whole nother story.


Yeah. So that, that's all I'm saying, Ocho is that. Yeah. 'cause at the end of the day, it comes down to consistency. Yeah. Your quarterback's gotta be consistent. You can't have these waves. You can't be up and down. Look at the quarterbacks that win championships. Look at, look at them in their Super Bowl season and he's all over the place. I mean, the numbers yesterday were, were bad. But he hadn't played well this year. He had a game or two that you're like, okay, He's showing, showing flashes of brilliance yet again. And that's what I tell people.


Nothing consistent. You and I was older, we could put together a game, but we couldn't run 'em back to back like we could in our prime. Hey, give your boy that thing. Let your boy to a i Hey, big play shake could take the game over. Right? I could, but it was spaced out once every month, once every six weeks. I couldn't put 'em together back to back to back. Now that's true. I, you know, I put 'em together back to back. Now, you know, Yo, something else. Oh, look at told,


okay. Bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich smokey flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar listen Powder tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping in the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, why are you sleeping? Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads. Creating content for infinite channels endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools Breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible, capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


when It's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Game on


because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from EPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew. Stirring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the Blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com. For details.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing, an obsession for some of us. It's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and ventures. Pods where? Designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


The Chicago Bears fire player coach Matt Iber flues on Friday. Creating what team president Karen Warrens believe will be the most highly sought after opening in the NFL in 2025. What more inside of the fans tradition cap space, draft capital young roster, including the presence of Caleb Williams to back up his statement. When you look at all of these elements as what? As we sit here today, we are in a huge, we are in a unique situation. This will be one of the most coveted jobs in the National Football League this year. And Ryan polls and I need to work hand in hand together to make sure we bring that to life. Not only from the head coach standpoint, but from the entire staff standpoint. Mm.


The Bears joined the Jets Saints as team to fire their head coach in the season this year. O, do you believe the Chicago Bears will be one of the most coveted jobs from a head coaching staff? From a head coaching position in the NFL? I think so. I think so. Simply because you have a quarterback, you have a quarterback that you can work with, the quarterback has the foundation, you has something that you can work with depending on who comes in there. What type of offense are you gonna have for that? For said quarterback. Can you find a way to keep DJ Moore happy? Can you, can you find a way to keep Kenny Allen happy? Adding some more pieces to that team offensively?


I think it could be a nice, a nice job. It all depends on who the coach is. I told you what I told you. I told you what I said and what I like Hell, I like goddamn bill going there. Hell, I like goddamn bill going anywhere. I think all Bill needs is a goddamn quarterback. An organization like Chicago would be perfect for Bill. They're gonna give you the keys and allow you to do everything you need to do to allow them to compete in the NFC. Again. You know, Is he gonna be able to relate to today's player, Maybe be the bears of all, hell maybe be the 85 bears once again. You never know. Is he, is he going to be able to relate to today's player? I listen, one of the greatest things in life that God has given everybody is the ability to adapt to their surroundings in the areas that they're in.


I'm sure he will be able to, How malleable have he been? How malleable has he been in his career? Why wouldn't he do it in New England then if he's so easy to adapt And I can't, I can't answer, I can't answer that for him. Well you just said that he has the ability to adapt. I'm sure. And I just ask you, why didn't you Adapt? Well listen, you have to be able to adapt to have that kind of success at anything you do. What did he adapt to? He was rigid, hardline. What did he adapt to? It Worked. But but you But we, we, we in different times, I think Bill understands we're in different times and in order for you to have that same success, some of the things that you're used to doing, you got to do 'em different. I think he understands that by looking at the landscape and seeing which, oh you know what?


I gotta approach it differently. If I get the opportunity to be a head coach again, I can, I can see That this is how the days players are. He, this is how I have to coach Because now he's forced to do that. Yeah. Sometimes that's what it takes. Sometimes. Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes your back has to be against the wall. I agree. For you to see things differently and change your perspective in the way you do shit. I agree. I agree. My back bit, your back bit against the wall before. Yes. It might not have nothing to do with the game of football. My back has been against the wall before. It ain't had nothing to do with the game of football. I know. Okay. If I don't straighten the shit up, if I don't straighten the shit up out right now, you already know what the end result is.


I still believe the greatest, the greatest key to survival is adaptability. Yeah, you got to, you got to, It's not size, it's not strength, it's not speed. It's being able to adapt to the ever a changing environment around you. And there are two things that can get in the way of that ego and your pride ego and your pride can get in the way of that if you're able to compartmentalize and set those aside and understanding whatever that end goal may be. And that it doesn't just have to be football. It don't have to be just you coaching. I'm talking about just life in general setting that, that pride he your aside for the betterment of whatever end goal you're trying to reach.


It'll help. I think if, if he's gonna have to be that, he's gonna have to be that kind of, that coach Belichick that's on the inside, the NFL and he can't be so rigid and he can't be so structured and he can't be. So what he was in New England first of all, he doesn't have Tom Brady running interference for him anymore. Right, because Tom was the Patriot way. Yeah. You heard the guys Bill was our coach, but we played for Tom. Hold on, lemme tell you my camera getting blurry. Hold on.


It's still blurry. Hold on. Whoa man. Get your skelet tos face up. Back up by the camera man. Damn man. Back up. Yeah, that's better. Yeah, you need to shave too, Huh? Got you got razor bumps. I see 'em. Nah, I ain't got no, there ain't no razor. Yeah You do. Yeah you do. Yeah you do. Damn right. I Don don't, don't do That. You do. Yeah you do. Don't. Yeah you do. I ain't no, I ain't no Skeletor had razor bumps. That, That, that's all clean. Never. That's Skeletor. Nah, that's all clean. Never Gray score. Hey, Hey, this is all clean. I just need a haircut.


Once I clean that up, put a little c You got, you use Sea Breeze. You know what Sea Breeze is? Yeah. I knew Sea Breeze. Nah. Hey, put a Sea. I I look good. Y'all remember Heman and a Skeletor Craft Grace school? Yeah. Yeah. I used to watch that on tv. I used to watch that on tv. Ain't nobody had people in the chat. They too young for that. Yeah, they, they they, they, they are actually the, since the Panthers traded Deontay Johnson to the Ravens in October, Johnson has all been, has all but been invisible. Ocho he's played 39 snaps in five games Sunday. Mark the new low after losing Rashard Bateman to injury, John Harbaugh staff chose to go with Tyler Wallace over Johnson resulting in a healthy scratch.


The situation is strange. Johnson was acquired near the trade deadline to provide the Ravens reinforcement at the receiver position, but he can't get on the field right now. Harbaugh didn't help Matt as much remaining vague about when asked about Johnson today at this time. I'm going to have to wait. There are some moving parts that there are go going to have to figure out and explore and see where we're at. It's the best I can do. In the fairness of everybody. Ocho what's going on, bro? I mean, I mean I don, I don't think he, he knows the offense yet. He doesn't know the offense yet. I think obviously Lamar has to trust him to be able to have him in the offense for one. He's getting there late. There's only so much you, you probably, you can probably be able to do.


I mean the receivers, the re they really, really are are set at receiver anyway. You, you know, it's not like they throwing the ball a hundred times the goddamn game. They, they are a running team and they throw the ball second. So the need for another receiver, especially one like Deontay Johnson, I don't think that was a great fit for him anyway. No, that wasn't a great fit for him. You know, he, he's a route runner and you know, you know twitchy and in the, in and out and being able to, you know, create, create, separation, all that. That's just not the right offense for him. I don't think it, it is, it's, it is the right fit and that, it is just unfortunate situation for him. But Ocho can we be honest? Yeah.


Is there ever a right fit for a wide receiver in Baltimore? No, it never has been because they've always been A run dominant team. A running Team. Yeah. Yeah. But he, he had no choice about, you know, where we went. He ain't got traded. But that's the thing. So if I can only show, show you so much Yeah. Because you run the football and with that being said, so, and you brought me in Ocho it's not like I'm familiar with this system. It's not like I played in the system in Carolina and this is the exact system that you're running here. And so it's gonna be, if you notice, I thought they would give you see what they did with D Hobb? Yeah. They gave him a little bit.


They gave him a little bit more. They gave him a little bit more. They gave him a little bit more. Now he can eat all That. That's different. It's a different offense and DHA fits that system in general, but, so it's easy to, it's easy to string him along little by little and give him bigger packages as time goes on over, over there. You already got Bateman, you got Za flowers, you got alar Aguiar, you got likely you got Wallace, you got got them. I mean they, they, they already, they they, they feel, they feel, so where do I fit in? Why did you even trade me? That's, that's what I would be asking myself. I honestly, you know what I would do? I would ask them to release me. I would ask them to release me to allow, allow me to go somewhere where they're going to actually need and use me in the specific skillset that I do have.


Deontay Johnson is good at what he does. Ocho it does not fit that Raven system. Ocho, he got traded from the Steelers, he got traded from car, he got traded from Carolina. Right now there's some issues in Baltimore. Now, you know, next stop is probably not the league. Okay. So you gotta be careful we talking about release. Okay, I see what you mean. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Come on down. We talking about in a year's time. Yeah. Pittsburgh, Carolina, Baltimore. Yeah. At some point in time. Now the common denominator with Pittsburgh, Carolina and Baltimore, right? It's him. Yeah. Everybody, everybody, everybody don't get that Daniel Jones treatment, you see?


Okay, okay. Okay. I'm, I'm, I I I Kayvon Thibo says the NFL locker room should be a function of merit. Autocracies, when asked about players voicing their opinions, if you make plays, you have a voice. If you don't make plays, you don't have a voice. Well that's kind of how it is. That's How it is anyway. What the hell? Yeah. That, that's exactly, that's exactly how it is. And it is always been that way. That never, never changed. Yeah. Now sometimes great players don't want no voice, they just wanna go do their job.


Yeah. But what we can have in guys that ain't making no plays, thinking he got a voice that dominates the locker room. Man, sit your ass, sit your butt down. Yeah. You, you always got one of them on every team though too. Now you Do. You do. You always got one of them on every team. Yeah, for sure. And but, but Timb, I mean bro, that's, that's, that's how it is. That's how that's, that's the way it's kind of been. That's those guys that make plays, guys that are your better players. Those are the guys the coaches gonna look to and ask questions. Now sometimes, you know, coaches know. I mean the city is only so big, even New York. Yeah. I don't care.


Coaches and the teams gonna find out what you be doing. So if you at bars and you hanging out every night, they gonna know now. Right. The NFL know what everybody's doing in season and off season. Yes. In season and off season. They know your whole crew. They know your girls, they know everything. Which, which is so funny. I mean, I I I'm, I'm not gonna get into that 'cause I, I I'm not into, that's not like I'm exposing anything but players think they get in away with stuff on outside of the field. They're Not. They they little do they know for the NF they know I don't, Hey, listen, it's some stuff, not that I would do anything wrong, huh? But they brought it to my attention and what I was doing in the off season.


I'm weighing god damn Miami. Well how the hell you know, I'm on vacation off season. I can come back, I can come back for, for mini camp a training camp or off season program. Man, they can run down everything I did mind. It wasn't even no goddamn social media back then. So how the hell y'all know? They know a, they know how much money you spending. Yeah. What you paying on your stuff, how much you owe? Yeah. Now the team's gonna pretend like they don't know because they don't want like, well y'all didn't know. Why did y'all take it for Well, we didn't know. They know everything.


Everything. That's one of the reasons. And I, I hate to throw this little tidbit out here. That's why they never have a reason paying us all these millions and millions and millions of dollars because they gonna get it back anyway. They gonna get it back anyway. They ain't tripping. Yeah. They, they got the best all them retired FBI agents and all that. They gonna work for the sport. They go for work for leagues. Yep. All these detectives that when they retire from the NFL, they go work for the leagues. N-F-L-N-B-A-M-L-B. That's what they do. And these guys are really good. Yeah.


Ty Rod Taylor, Taylor has reportedly filed an eviction lawsuit against his ex-girlfriend. Trell Michelle, Whoa, eviction. Hold on. Who is refusing to leave the house? He paid for the relationship, which ended a few months ago. Initially seemed amicable with Taylor buying a home for Drea and her family while they were together. That's romantic. The two report, the two reportedly had an agreement Taylor would pay for the home, but Drea would rent it from him with plans to purchase it outright, eventually making her the new owner. Okay. However, the breakup threw a wrench into those plans shortly after parting ways. Dre moved on with NBA player, Jalen Green, with whom she shares a child with.


Oh, that's young boy from Houston, huh? That is correct. Hey boy, He nasty with it too, boy. He nice. The development scene caused Taylor to renege on their agreement, igniting a contentious battle over the home. Right. The situation escalated when Dre, who was out of town on the business trip, received a frantic call from her nanny saying that the sheriff's department had shown up at the home claiming they were there to enforce an eviction notice. Oh, Ocho, what's going on here? I don't, I don't know. I don't know. But, but listen, listen, you, you oh my boy, this is good, huh? This is, this is good. This, this is a lot of stuff to unpack, but if we have an agreement right, while we're together and we break up now based on that agreement, you are supposed to be renting from me while we're together.


I got the place for you, but you're gonna rent from me until you're ready to purchase or buy at any point. If we break up, right, and I bought you that, I mean, wouldn't you wanna leave anyway and then, you know, no disrespect, you move on, we break up and you with somebody else and you have a child with that individual, but you get to be in the house that I paid for. Yeah. I I would, I would've got on out the house. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Come, come on now. And, and I I That up, I'm looking at, I'm looking at from my point of view, I got, I agree what you're saying. Once you have a child from somebody else, right? Then you become his responsibility. Anything I got going on, if, especially if my name is on that lease, if my name is on them deeds, then there should be no reason why you shouldn't want to exit that property anyway.


But I guess her, her argument is says, I'm renting it from you with the thing is that I'm gonna purchase it. So whatever my circumstances are after that, that's none of your concern. I'm gonna buy the house. None of my who shit me the devil. You can somebody else put me on your ex. Hey, the the devil, You ain't got somebody else put me in the oven. Once somebody put meat on your ex and she gets pregnant, you are no longer my responsibility. Ocho she wasn't asking you to be her responsibility. She ain't gonna buy the house. You gotta get up out my stuff. No, my name is there. My, my name is on there. Ocho, my, my name is on there. Ocho, you ain't gonna be getting out there Shalong from somebody else.


Have a child with him and then bringing the child under the roof that I come on Joe. Joe. She said we had a verbal agreement that I was gonna rent the house. Is it on paper? Is it on paper? Sometimes verbal agreements are enforceable. Okay.


Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich smokey flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar listen Powder tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


when It's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Game on


because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before. With esp n plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs in Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus. Available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com. For details.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and vintage pods. Where Designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dish style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're in your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Hey, you tripping Ocho, but Ocho, I understand Ocho, Do you hear what you're saying? Yeah, Ocho, I'm trying to un ocho. I understand how difficult it is. Okay, we were together. I'm renting you the house. You let somebody else come up in the house that you and I shared that you renting. Put that thing on you. You have a child with them and now you say, hey everyth, you say everything is status quo. I wanna buy the house. I'm feeling some type of way. I do, I do Ocho, I'm feeling some type of way. But if I gave you my word, ocho, I am, this is how I am Ocho. If I Gave you my man, man, man, nigga, please don't tell her come goddamn, you gave me your word.


Hey man, don't you? Hey, don't piss me off on here tonight now. Now I was crying. Listen, I was crying last night. Now you about to piss me off. I don't care if you I don up by no word. You better take that motherfucker back. She get pregnant from, from somebody. Got damn medicine living up in your shit with somebody else child. Hell no. Ocho Hell, oh hell, hell, hell no Ocho hell no, no. Okay, listen, I'm one. I'm, I'm for everything. I love everybody. I give any and everybody grace. But at some point you gotta draw the motherfucker. God forgive me for cursing. At some point you gotta draw the line because now you're taking advantage of me. Now you're taking advantage of me and my situation. You're taking advantage of knowing that I'm nice.


No, come on man. Hell, hell, hell no. Hell what? Lemme me your question. Yo. Wait, wait, wait. That's my place. My name was on the deed. You let somebody else in my stuff and then you let him, let his swimmers get up in there, get you pregnant, and then you wanna bring the baby from somebody else in the place. Oh, hell no, man. You got man. Listen, it's bad. Listen, it's bad enough man. You can do your thing. That's, that's one thing. You know, you, you, we break up, you leave you with somebody else and y'all doing y'all thing.


That's cool. I ain't tripping on that. But Ocho ocho from my Place. Ocho bring the bed. What should happened Ocho what should have happened once they broke up? You got to go once you let her live there and she, she now we are not together. That's Called grace. Fun. That's the grace part. That's the part of being graceful because there's somebody that you once cared about. That's the grace. That's the grace that Tyro Taylor was extending to Ms ms Ms Ms. Michelle, you know what, I really cared about you and I loved you at one point, but things didn't work out. Work out between us. You know what, Little joke, But hey, but I'm not gonna let you, I'm not going to leave you by the wayside.


I'm gonna let you stay here. But now whoa. Things turned. Yeah, things turned. You had somebody, you had somebody part the motherfucking seat like Moses and gave you a child, you birthday child. Yeah. So the situation has changed from that point on. Don't play with me, don't take my So In other weakness you mad because oh boy, put that baby gravy in on her. What you mean? Why would you, why would you be mad? Y'all broken up. You're not mad at that point, buddy. Okay, well you're gonna selling the house. You're you're taking my kindness for weakness. No, stop Playing. You said you, you said you didn't care that, oh boy. Put that baby gravy. Go ahead. Selling the house. No. What? It's his job to get you a house.


Whatcha talking About he gonna get us that house. He gonna find this house for me. That's the house. He gonna buy this one. Ocho you being petty now. Nah, you don't wanna sell the house. You just being nasty. Ocho. I got a question. You being ugly? No, you being ugly. Ocho. I a question? I got a question. Hold on. Hold on. Yes. If, if that's the case, if you was gonna get the house, he would've got it by now. We'll be waiting on, He just got that newer station. Wait on, He Got some money now, Ocho, If they got a, they got a child together. Shouldn't they be living together or no? Or my, he Live there. He live there. He in Houston playing. So when he come to LA, he be there. Oh shit.


Damn that well, that's, that's crazy. See that, that's, that's Ocho that's, that's the only thing I'm saying. I get what you're saying. Yeah. Once we break up, you are gonna have to vacate the premises. Right. That's all I'm saying. And now we don't run into this problem because it's not like you are expecting her not to have somebody. She's an attractive lady. So obviously she's gonna give somebody and where she gonna go? She can't always go to his place. She can't always go to the hotel. Right. Yeah, she gonna bring him, she's comfortable enough to bring him back to her place. Hmm. That's that's, that's my only argument. Yeah. Is that once y'all broke up, you should say, Dre, you gonna have to leave.


Mm. So initially right away, yes. Okay. You're right, you're right. But again, look at the grace. You know what I, once, I once loved you, you see how, you see how they take your kindness and weakness. I once loved you, so I don't have no problem with you continuing to rent until you find a situation where you can move. What Tina Say? Move yourself out. What Tina Turner say. What's love got to do with it? It never does. It never does. Because when it comes to, wait, wait. Let let, lemme finish before we even go to it. When it comes to the other species, the great species is one of the greatest, one of God's greatest gifts to not just earth, but to man as well. It's always conditional. It'll never ever be true love ever. I don't care what nobody say.


It's always conditional. Fellas, remember that. Listen to me always. Because if if at any point you are unable to provide what you fell in love with, but things happen to change. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Tell, tell, show me that love. Tell me show about love. If you lose your ability to provide or you lose that job, see how long she stick by you. All right. That's, but see that's the, that that's why I don't get ocho Well, we break up and we stay Well, I'm still, I'm still in the apartment because you, you you just asking for trouble down the road.


Yeah. Yeah. That's all, that's all I'm saying. And, and I get it. And, and and, and I get you. Look, you try to be generous, right? You, you you really do Ocho Yeah. And you're right. People will take kindness for that. And it's just that, I just felt that if that was the case, like once we break up, just go ahead and move on. I'm gonna move on. You move on and then everybody, everybody gonna be happy. Yeah. But once you let it go on and then you have people start coming in and out. Hey, just think about that though. Huh? That just like, like sit back and think about that.


I'm giving you the grace to stay in my place even though we are broken up and my place with my name on the deeds. You move on. But you got somebody else in my shit. Yeah. Like logically. Think about that real quick. But she said theoretically I'm paying you rent. I mean, if you paying rental apartment, you gonna let the landlord come down there and say you can't put no meat in nobody of it. Hey, you putting gra you putting baby gravy on somebody. Like I'm paying 3000, 4,000, whatever.


I. Don't know. Look, I I'm just speculating guys. I'm just throwing out a number. So I don't want people to say, well, you know, I'm just throwing out a number. You paid X amount of dollars. You are not gonna let, you are not gonna let the landlord tell you who you can and ha can't have over. Hey. So that, that's all I'm saying. I think for me the mistake that was made is that when they broke up, they didn't really break up. They didn't because when you break up on you, you gotta separate. Right. 'cause if you keep hanging the wrong, you gonna have feelings involved. Right. Right, right, right. And if somebody that that's how people get hurt, just move. Just, just move on. Make clean break because, because I don't know if maybe they was like, Hey, we taking a break and there's gonna be some type point in time, they'll reach some level of reconcili reconciliation.


Right, right, Right. But here's the thing, the longer you go, because here's the thing, we start here ocho Yeah. And as days pass, this here gets wider and wider. Now look, you see what's in there. Look at my hands get wider. Right. That's an opportunity for something else to come in between There. Hey, right there. Wait, wait, go go back a little bit. Go back, go back, go back. Right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there. See, see that, that, that, that small space area right there, that space right there when you're apart, that's the space I call consider bitch fucked. Yeah. That, that, that, that little, that little small junction when you go from here about right here. Yeah. That's, that's the space of consid. Bitch. Fuck. Excuse my language.


Nah, ocho, she, she ain't gonna do it like that though. If she love you, she'll wait a minute. No, no, no. I'm, no, I'm talking, I'm not. No, I'm talking about, I ain't talking about No, I'm, no, I'm saying if she loved, well I don't know how. Listen, because they did a great job. They did a a great job of keeping it secret. I didn't know they had broke it up. Listen. Oh, okay. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, listen unc listen. Love is conditional. Huh? You hear me? Yeah. Now you got enough experience. You got enough experience to know you got enough experience. I don't sit here. Need to preach to you. You've been through you, you've been through it, you've been through a lot, you know? Absolutely. I've been through a lot. I I got experience. This ain't my first rodeo.


I done been around the box seven, 11 times. All right. I'm not here to preach and I'm not talking about my, my situation specifically, but I'm just saying in general for better context for the people that are watching in general. Like, I was born at night, not last night, you know, but you know, and it, it is. Lemme see how, how do you say it things, thing things, things are, things are, are good for the lack of better words or phrases to use. You good? You, you, you good? Huh? Hey, Y'all been talking, y'all been communicating nigga that boy, I, I don't Hold on time out.


Yeah. A long mountain to climb. It might be worse than Mount Everest, but you know, like, you know the old man was dead. But Ed Edmund Hillary went up my Everest without the breathing apparatus that they have currently. So it can be done. Well Yeah, it can be done. But I got asthma. Hey, that's okay. I, I played my whole career with exercise induced asthma. For real? Yeah. Gotta inhaling everything. You Yeah. Keep it on me. Hey that, hey, that, that was, that was a good, that was. Hey, I, I ain't know that that was a goddamn, that was, that was a good topic. Me, ocho, I, I look, But huh, that's, that's, that's taking someone's kindness.


It's weakness. Come on man. I Ocho for me at this Jones. I, I'll walk away. You would? And just leave the house with your name or No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Ocho no, I'm not gonna leave the house. Oh. Pay me to say, hey, this is what, this is what the house is value at. Right. Give me that but hold, hold up. Hang now you gonna get, Hey, I'm gonna put the house up for sale. So where house supposed to go when he come to la? No, no, no, no, no, no. That ain't his house. He don't live there. He purchased that for her. He got the house. He got. Yes. It's to my understanding that he, you See how nice, you see how nice that is? Yes. Hey, in this economy you got somebody buying you a house. You know how hard it is to find the, excuse me.


You know how hard it's to find a dude that's willing to buy the house and then let you keep it once y'all break off. Come on now. You making my point. That should have been as soon as they broke up, Ocho you got you gonna and You got, you got me and you got me here sweating. Shit. Hey, I get it. I get it. Buying The house. But you can't, you can't even get dudes to get you a cup of coffee out here. You gotta move by your whole house and you wanna play. Man, man, all right. Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Listen, I Man, y'all got my dog Ocho hot.


Y'all done got my co-host hot about this. Listen, one of, one of my favorite phrases is always, always has been, I mean, Anderson High School, she's never yours. And just your turn that goes, that goes in all situations. Everyone has an expiration date no matter how long, no matter how, how much. Oh Lord. I'm so in love, man. Please, everything Man. Everything's going ocho. I, I ain't gonna let Ocho I ain't Finn let Ocho taint me. Nah, I, I'm, I'm not trying to taint you. I ain't trying, I ain't trying to taint you. I'm trying to find, I'm, I'm trying to find you somebody because hey, listen, no matter what's happening, no matter what goes on, no matter what the hell I say on this bitch, February is still around the corner. Yeah. I'm going Feb.


I'm there. I'm walking, I'm walking down somebody motherfucking aisle. You, you not not hear. Yeah, we going, we, we Orleans walking down the aisle, that plane we New Orleans. Hey, hey. That's the, that's how we gonna be walking down. Hey, You know what I I, I, I feel, I feel so good. I don't I don't know what it is. Just, just life and, and everything is just, is going so well. It's just, you know, been up little down little, little downs here and there. But the, the, the good outweighs the bad so much. I can't even be upset.


Yeah. I can can't, I can't even be mad. Oh, Joe, I think you and I saying the same thing. I think, you know, they get the house, he gets her a house. He's like, okay, I got this and you stay here, you can rent the place from me. Yeah. And with the agreement not, and, and that, and that's the thing. We gonna go to court and see, this is why I hate courts because don't nobody get, don't nobody get pleased but the lawyers because you paying 500, 7 50, a thousand dollars, 1500 an hour and them hours accumulating. Trust me. And somebody doesn't paid a lot of damn lawyer fees over the last year and a half. Yeah, man. Yeah, lot. It's bad when you get the system involved, man, you just wasting your money there.


And then, you know, 'cause the lawyers that we deal with, they want, they want a quarter of a million retainer and they start building off that. Yeah. And before you know it, they call it, hey, they sending emails, they need another one 50, they need another two 50. And before you know it, you at seven 50. And now guess what? Now you got investigators that they charge you $250 an hour. Mm. And so before you know it, hey, in, in six months, a million dollars just Like that. Oh yeah. But, but it's love. Huh? Love, love costs. Man. I just, I'm just trying To, I'm talking to somebody that, that that had been, that has gone through it.


Yeah. Yeah. Listen, you, you ain't got, listen, you ain't gotta tell me. There have been many examples before. You, there would be some after you and there was some before you Yeah. Love costs. And when it ends, you know what they taking half with 'em. 'cause it was never love to begin with. It was always conditional. What can you do for me at any point the situation for the woman that you're dealing with when the situation is no longer convenient and the opportunity isn't beneficial? Let me see that love then. Well, it is easy to love when everybody's happy and when happy and everything going. And she getting what you want and you getting what you want. Yeah. The, the love. Oh, I'm so happy. Yeah. Okay.


Holler at me when that hurricane come through. Hmm. Holler at me when that storm come through, holler at me when I'm down. If I ever had one of those, those phases where I'm down, you know? Yeah. God, God, God. Hoping and willing. That never happens. Let me see the love then. I mean, it's easy. It's easy to love when everybody fucking happy. It's easy to love when the money come in. It is, It is Easy. I, I, I just, I just, I'm, I just, I wash my hands with a here a this is what a what is this? High five me a real estate agent. What's this house worth? You? You getting up outta there quick, huh? Yeah. I, if, if I, if I gave her, if I gave her my word that she could rent the house and if we broke up, she could buy the house.


I'm gonna honor that. I'm gonna move on, don't you? Yeah. Because even if I am hurt, I'm not gonna give her the satisfaction or noise that I'm hurt fashion. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, unc always remember unc, you the prize. Huh? I look in the mirror. Remember, you know how you say candyman three times? Yeah. You look in the mirror, unc, if you ever gone through it and you always look in the mirror, you see, you repeat to yourself three times in the mirror. I am the prize. And then, you know what I want you to do after that? I want you to go check your, your savings account. Oh. That's what I do first. Damn I don care. I don't care. Huh? I do that first. I do that first. I'm good. You, you are the pri you are the prize.


As a matter fact, I'm NYC right now, now Taking care of who? Huh? I'm in NYC right now. I went and saw my financial guy. He like Shannon, we did good. Oh yeah. I said hot good. He said, we up 27% this year. I said, we did great. I said we did great. Yeah. That's beautiful. Hey, I said just hold on. Just hold on to the end of the year. That's all I need. Yeah. Hey. Yeah. I, I look, man, look, I I it is what it is. You can't believe everybody, we've all been through it. You can try. You can Try. Yeah. Yeah. You can try. You gonna fall by The wayside. You gonna fall by the wayside trying to do that. Yeah, but I'm not, I'm not losing, I'm not losing sleep. I used to get, when I was young, I tried like, man, I'm trying to make everybody happy.


I wanna make this thing work. Yeah. Yeah. And sometimes I stayed longer than I should and I did more than I should. And you learn from those, I learned from those lessons and it's okay. It's okay. I don't regret doing anything that I did because it made me better. And it, it made me appreciate that when someone came in my life and treated me the way that I thought I should be treated. Right. So it let me know what was, what I was accepting wasn't right. Yeah. And so now I know when people sincerely because if you can get mad at me at one instance and like blow up and then all because I don't like to play no games. Yeah. You know, you get mad at me and all of a sudden you don't answer my call.


You block me, you send me the voicemail. Right, right. And then, and then after a week, two weeks, three weeks, a month, you all of a sudden you unblocked me, called me. Well that tells me you the one when I did, did what you needed to do. Right. There was somebody out there that you wanted to get at anyway. Right. Right, right, right, right. And so once you got at him and then you found out that hey, all he wanted to do a was smash and dash You, Hey listen. And Now you thought you gonna be able to come back to old shape. Yeah. No, no. And, and listen, that, that's, that's the hard this this's what happened When you gotta be careful when you extend grace like that, when you extend grace like that, there's always a plan B, there's always a plan B. There's always a backup plan. And not realizing sometimes in life in general, what they always think is the grass is being green on the other side is just fun.


It's just fun because that's exactly how they viewing you. That's exactly how they viewing you. Because yeah, I used to be on the other side. I used to be on the other side. I used to be on the other side of the fence at one point in life. And I see, I know how to outlook and I know how we look at it. So that's why you gotta be careful extending that grace like that because oh boom. Oh, I'm finna block you for a week or I'm finna block you for a month. I'm not finna talk to you. I'm finna go have my fun. And then the spin, the block, the comeback because you extend that. Yes, yes, yes. No Man, You can't, you, you, you can't, you can't do it. Oh, I oh, oh, I know. Listen. But I'm saying Yeah, but you, You play stupid games. You win stupid prizes. Yes, yes, yes, yes.


The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and Juventus versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip Around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan. Face Bank. Na member FDIC.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats Official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app For details.