
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use, protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find, even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at The Home Depot. To organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic, visit home depot.com. How doers get more done.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to experience the world like no one else. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you have special access to a collection of unforgettable events from concert backstage passes and courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining wellness retreats and more. All available by using your miles now is your moment to unlock more once in a lifetimes and find an experience for you on delta.com/sky Miles experiences, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today terms. Apply


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ravens, tight end. Charles Kohler Continental MVP race. I'm not a math genius, but one guy seems to be leading in all three quarterbacks except QB Snee. Who would you pick? MVP race. Lamar has thirty nine hundred and fifty five yards. Josh Allen has 37 31. Lamar has 852 rush yards. Josh has 5 31. Lamar has 43 total touchdowns. Josh has 41. Lamar has four interceptions. Josh had six. But how many fumbles for each? We gonna, we gonna, we going a Hey Charles, we gonna do it right now? We going because turnovers. Fumbles or turnovers?


Let's see how many Josh? I think Josh has a couple. I think Lamar has a couple. Hey uncle. It's so close though by, it's, It's, It's so, it's so close. It's so close. And I I think it's gonna come down to this la I think it's gonna come down to this last game. And then one of them having to have an extracurricular a day. They gotta do something special because it's so close. You know, to actually define why they deserve that MVP. You know, they, they can't fall, by the way, the wayside in week 17. They can't, I, the, The, the question is, the question is, O Joe, with the bills already having a number two seed, are you gonna play Lamar right?


Excuse me, Josh Allen. Right? No, Lamar gotta play because Lamar gotta win. They gotta win. They can win the division. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Win the division. I get a home game then. Hey, who knows. I'll take my chances. Hell, I might get you home games. You never know. Somebody might get upset Ocho. Right? A five C might beat somebody Or, or Well, Lamar never would be the five be be the four. Lamar would be the four C, Three NC East, N-C-A-A-L-C West a C East. Lamar is the three. They'll be three C if they win. Okay. So yeah, see they could get Well if they won, that means they would have are Nah, Pittsburgh should win the division.


The Winner. Oh, the winner. Okay. The winner of the a c North would be the three seat. Okay. Okay. I see what you're saying. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Did we get the, the fumbles? It's close. I said it was close. Even though when everybody said Josh Allen where it was locked up, it was run away. I said no. Lamar's still playing too. Well, yeah, I said he played too. Well it's not over and it's gonna come down. I said it's gonna come all the way down to the end of the season. Right. And I believe it will, and I think it's close. I think it's extremely, extremely, extremely close. Who, Who And, but people said, but here's the thing. Yeah. Now people said Dak, look at Dak numbers.


Last year, 12 and five, Lamar had a better record. Right? Less touchdown passes. Less yards. He got the MVP. Right? This year he has the less of the records, better the numbers. Allen has the better record, similar numbers. Right? Okay. Lamar Jackson. Lamar Jackson has five fumble loss. So he has nine total turnovers. Right. Josh Allen has two fumbles lost, which means he has eight total turnovers. Right. So that's how close it is. Ocho Even as close, That's close.


So you got one guy with nine, the other guy with eight. Eight. One guy with 41 total to touchdowns, the other with 43. And If I'm not, if I'm not mistaken, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, the bills have to play the Patriots. Right. The bills play the Patriots. Okay. In Foxborough. And who did Raven, who do Raven have to play for their Last game? The Ravens played the Browns. Oh, shit. And the brown. Listen, the Browns beat 'em last time too, huh? Yeah. They ain't beating 'em this time. Nah. Listen, if I was to give an advantage, you see, Hey, them goddamn divisional games on it is different, man. I, I don't know. It don't matter what you Ready, you just watch. You just watch the Browns. The Browns ready.


They look Miles Garrett playing his ass off. Yeah. If I'm him, if they can't show me a clear picture, go, go, go and get the go and get rebuild. Right. But rebuild without me. Well, hey, Listen, listen. A clear picture, fuzzy picture, you already know what it is. Listen, you already know what you get and you're not gonna be there long enough for them to get it together. No. You just not, You're not gonna be there long enough. You know. So, you know, Somebody give you, somebody give you two first, somebody will switch position with you in the draft. Absolutely. Well, you're not gonna, first of all, you don't wanna switch position with anybody in the draft because you gonna have a higher fee than anybody that's gonna be willing to trade. Right. But somebody give you two first rounders, maybe a player and even a second rounder for Miles. Garrett, he's 29 years of age and he's a premier pass.


Russia, those guys don't fall outta trees. Nope. Not him. So yes, this thing is gonna come down to the end. I, it is gonna be interesting. I don't believe Josh Allen's gonna play, excuse me, they're locked into the two seat. Lamar Jackson numbers could even look better. Could it be a situation he throws for 4,000 yard over? Yeah. He's gonna throw for over 4,000 yards. Does he rush for 148 to give him a thousand? Ooh. I mean, the man rushed for four, passed for 4,000. Rush 4,000 has 40, 40, 41, 42 touchdowns on Chuck. Right? I gotta give me MVP, I'm sorry. Yeah. And See, I mean, I'm, I'm leaning you.


Oh. So I've been telling you I've been leaning his way for like the last three, four weeks. Right. But with 4,000 pass yards, a thousand rush yards, 40 touchdown passes. A th what are we doing here? Right. And I, and not a knock on Josh Allen. 'cause Josh Allen's had a phenomenal season. Yeah. But I can't, I can't let a guy that throws for 4,000 yards rush 4,000 and with 40 plus touchdown passes, I can't let, I can't let that season go out. Go away in vain. I can't, I can't. The Giants played the ocho the Giants played themselves out of the first overall pick. Remember I told you that's why they, that's why they put your boy in that thing.


DeVito. Yeah. The Giants three and 13 picked up a way that met live the stadium in his final home game, thanks to Career days by Drew Lock and Rookie Malik Neighbors. Oh, hold up. Jermaine, whatever his name is. I ain't finna butcher that man name. But you know, Jermaine, you rep, you rather your team go out there and fight for every inch than lay down and just take an ass whipping. Yeah. You get your ass picked or you get, you get your ass picked. That's what you wanted. But what is the player coming into? You got to establish some sort of culture. We're trying to establish a culture that can lead into next year.


Once we get more pieces in here, I'm sure everything will still work out. How the franchise needed to work out. Now New England has the number one pick. Tennessee has the number two pick. Cleveland has the number three pick the Giants is number three. So is that a situation? Does somebody come up and wow New England? Well, Or do you sit there and take a Travis Hunter? I, here's the thing. Ocho. Yes sir. I like Travis Hunter. But are the Patriots one player away or do you, or do you give two first Rounders, we switch draft positions. Now I want a first rounder in 25 and 26 and 27.


Right. And plus I want a second round pick in 26 and I want a third or fourth round pick in 27. Right. Is that where we go with this ocho? I don't know. Because I think there are more than one player away. That's just me personally. Alright. And I won't Travis to go, I won't Travis your door. Clearly. Clearly they're not taking Shado because they just drafted Drake May. Drake may. Yeah. Listen. And this, this is, this is interesting. This is very interesting. I think I would love to be in the war room. I would love to be in the war room with, with craft and, and Mayo and see what their thoughts is on, you know, the special skill set that you know Travis Hunter has. What can he do for us? What can we do even if we are multiple players away from being able to compete and be in contention and looking like we used to look you, those, those 20 years when we had Belichick and Brady.


Can we get a player like Travis Hunter to come in here and and, and help us win? Can he be a difference maker? Can he be a difference maker on the, on the defensive side of the ball and the offensive side of the ball? I mean I that that that's something that you, I don't know if He gonna play enough to impact it like that. Ocho. Huh? I don't know if he's gonna play. I think, I think me personally, what I would do Ocho I would trade. I would trade the pick. Right? And I'm gonna get me three first I'm gonna switch because I'm gonna still be in the first round. Right. Ocho you picks away. Yeah. You a lot of guys away. Yeah. Especially on the officer side of the football. Yeah.


A lot of guys. Yeah. You need wide receivers. You need some line, you need some d lineman. Right. You need a lot of things to go right in New England. See the funny, the cover is bare. Right. The funny thing about that, when you say you need a lot of picks like that, would you name it right now? That takes time. That's, that takes time. That's not happening. No one in two but three years you think you gonna fix all the situation or all the pieces? No Puzzle Because you gonna miss, you gonna miss some time. Huh? I got a quarterback gonna miss. I got, I got my quarterback. Yeah. Now can I get me a receiver? Do I go in free agency? Hey, I'll make a play for T Higgins. Now you see what I saw?


Now I got milk, I put in with Boutte. I got Hunter Henry at the tight end position. I like Andre St. Andre Stevens. Right. Boom. Now I got some pieces to play with now Ocho right now I got some chance pieces to deal with. I like that. I like that. I like that Because you got the cap space. Yeah. I'll pay t Higg as a premium. I give him 31 30 $2 million a year at the wide receiver position. I got five. Oh. So I got five years one 60 for it. I give him 80 million, $85 million guaranteed.


I like it. So now I got a wide receiver to go with my quarter young quarterback. I got Hunter Henry solid tight end boot that, I mean, they got a couple of pieces I can work with that Ocho. But you look at the pieces. New England got the first pick. Now, I mean this could change ocho. New England has the first pick. Tennessee got second Cleveland Giants, Jacksonville, Carolina Jets, Las Vegas, Chicago, new Orleans. I'm curious, I'm curious how it's gonna pan out. Now, the, the the, the draft order might be what it is right now, but we have to understand what teams need and teams are going to, I don't think panic is the right word. They're going to do what's necessary.


They're gonna be on that phone in the war room doing what necessary to make sure they get the player they want. Now most, oh, I, I ain't waiting until they get to the war room. I'm, I'm plotting right now. Yeah. You, you see now I'm right now ocho. Right. Most of the time we look at the draft, we can name who the first five players are gonna go. We can name right now. I couldn't tell you. You gonna go first? No, because guess what? Free agency happens first. So I'm setting my free agent board first. Right now I can plan accordingly. Right. I get a wide receiver and I, I get a t Higgins. I don't need a wide receiver in the first two rounds. Mm. See now I killed one. I killed a killed a bird now.


Okay, what else can I got? Because they got, see how much cap space the Patriots got? They got Buco cap space. Oh yeah. Buco in cap space. They got 131 million in cap space. Ooh. I can get, I can get me two, two players Ocho. Right. Two or three good Ones. Good ones. Yes. All of em ain't gotta be a, everybody ain't gotta be the best. T Higgins is gonna probably be the, he's the number one wide receiver. Yeah. I don't need to get the number one wide receiver, the number one offensive lineman.


The number one defensive lineman. The number one. You know li I don't need to get all that Ocho I can get number one. I I'm gonna get t Higgins, I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. Right. Hey, hey, hey. And I just one at, look here you are unbelievable talent. But you and I both know you always, always gonna be number two in in sense number one, number Uno. He number Uno. I'm gonna shoot you straight. Yeah. How But you Hey Ocho. Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna tell you sometimes this ain't me, but you gotta tell her you boy, you know your boy cheating on you.


Right. Ain't none of my business. I don't even know why I brought it up. Right. But you never, you never gonna be the bottom. Mm. We gonna be number two. Mm. Now if you okay with that, so be it. I ain't here to judge you, but you can only be number two. 'cause he got a number one. That's who he go home to every night. It ain't none of my business. I don't even know why I brought it up. Come on now. Come on, come on now. Hey, ain't no pillow talk. I'm wide away. Yeah. That's the thing on, I mean, I, Hey, I'm trying to get t Higgins, I'm telling the truth. Oh yeah, but he, he know I ain't Lying.


Yeah. You know what? I, you know that. Listen, I and I say it all the time, you know, I consider them two ones. I I I consider them two ones. They have three teams in the NFL. Chad, listen to me. There are three teams in the NFL that have two number one receivers. I don't care how how you cut it, how you splice it. That's the Bengals to me. You know, the Vikings, I consider them to have two number ones as well. I, I Detroit, I, I I like Addison and You like the lines you like, you like Armon Ross, St. Brown and Jameson Williams. Yeah. Ross St. Brown. Now I don't see Iman Amman, Ross St. Brown as a, as a dominant figure. As an outside wide receiver. No, as an outside I don't see him as a he'll Slot.


He he'll slot he's slot. Yeah. He, yeah. So that's, that's why I didn't really put them in, in the conversation. And them young bulls over there, down in Philly, I, I see them as two number ones. If they, if Yeah, for sure. I think Devonte Smith can carry the load on a team if he had to be at one and aj, you know, AJ Brown, you know. Yeah. You know what he could do. So, and you look at, you look at Chicago with Keenan and DJ Moore. Yeah. Rome with more opportunities. But that's, that's the thing that you, you gotta look at. You have to ask yourself about one player away. Yeah. Normally that's the quarterback. Yeah. Because if I got a choice, Ocho, I'm gonna take a quarterback because he has the ball every time.


I need guys that's gonna score points every time. That's how at the end of the day, that's how you win in this league. Ocho look, look at the game. 45, 33 and 27 OCHO ain't no more. You not winning a whole bunch of games. Ten seven. Right. You're just not right. You got the score. And if you gimme a choice to say defensive guy or, or a quarterback, I'm taking the quarterback, I'm just damn. But clearly, see the Patriots need another wide receiver and I'm going at t Higgins. Yeah. I'm gonna make him an offer he cannot refuse ocho. Oh yeah. The Dolphins keep their slim a FC playoff hopes alive with a win over the Browns 20 to three. It wasn't pretty, but Tyler Huntley led Miami Dolphins.


They took care of business ocho. Now they're eight and eight remains the hotly contested three-way battle for the a LC final playoff spot. Hey, the Broncos win. They're in Dolphins need a win and a do and a if a Bronco No, the Dolphins need a win plus a Denver loss. The Bengals, the Bengals, the Bengals, they need the, they need the Denver to lose and Miami to lose. So they're just not outta the woodwork just yet. Ocho Hold On, hold on, Hold on. And they have to beat Pittsburgh. They have to beat Pittsburgh. That's gonna happen.


Miami has to lose. They gonna lose. And the Broncos have to lose And they gonna lose. And listen, Miami, Miami, Miami are playing the Jets. You know, I, I don't, I don't like, I don't like the fact, I don't like the fact that our future is in the hands of other teams. Yeah. I don't like that. I, if we had handled business at the beginning of the season, instead of, you know, putting ourself in a hole like we always do every like, damn year, this one a little worse than others and having to dig ourselves out, we wouldn't be in the situation. So that bothers me that we have to rely on other teams and hope that, hey, we hope you guys win and we hope these guys lose so we can get opportunity to get into the playoffs.


It's unfortunate, but that's where we are now. So I'm hoping, I'm hoping, you know, all the cars may fall in our place because if they, if they do. All right. Don't be surprised. I'm, I told you, I told you the storyline, Y'all ain't getting there. I told the story. Ain't playing nobody. Because if you, if you are what you said, what are the Chiefs thinking? So you still believe your Broncos gonna beat the Chiefs? Yes. You do. Remember how much we put on it, right? Yeah, We put a thousand dollars on It. Okay. I just wanna make sure you remember now. I don't, I don't want you to forget.


Yeah. I don't want you to be upset. I don't want you to blame. I ain't gonna be upset. I don't want no excuses. I want, I want my money and warrants too, Because I'm gonna go celebrate. So the Broncos are in with a win. If they win, they don't need nothing else. They can still get in. If the sense, if the Bengals lose, That ain't gonna happen. But go ahead. But I like our chance. I don't even want, I don't want to think of anything else. Check this out. Show Miles Garrett made NFL history week 17 by becoming the first player to tally at least 14 sacks in four consecutive seasons.


Garrett knocked two sacks today, which his house also happens to be his 29th birthday to meet the milestone. I mean, if they had a little better record, he smacked d the defensive player of the year. Yeah, Most definitely. I mean, I, I Don't really know who, I don't really know who's gonna win defensive player the year. I really don't know Joe. I really don't because No, I don't think anybody's had that year. Like, oh my God, it's gotta be him. Yeah, well they ran away with it. Nobody ran away with it. I Mean, he's probably gonna win the Sac total. I mean, what he has 14. I mean, he has 14 now. I think Hendrickson has 13. Okay, We'll, we'll, it's gonna be interesting to see what pitch. Well, Pittsburgh don't play until next week. We'll see what Pittsburgh, what they could do on, on, on Borough.


Yeah. But right now and, and Cleveland. I mean, he could, I mean, he could get another sack or two against Lamar. But, but when I look at it, I mean, ugh. I mean, who's your defensive player of the year? TJ Watt Miles. Garrett. Listen, tj, TJ Miles, Garrett have been playing. Hedricks have 14. So he's tied right now with Trey Hendrickson. They are tied. Yeah. 14. Both have 14. Well, we, you know what? That we, we gotta, we gotta see how this last game goes. We gotta see how this last game goes. I'm, I'm, I'm hoping.


Well, we know Hendrickson is not gonna get it. Not on that bad defense. Right? He he not gonna Get it. Yeah. Damn. So it's probably gonna be outta miles, Garrett and TJ again. Probably. I'm trying to think to myself, who else is playing stellar defense from an individual standpoint, regardless of position. I mean, it is, it's just those, it's just those two.


This is it. Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping Point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000. Fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered in administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room Blind.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. Blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh. blinds.com is the goat, the Goat Shop up to 45% off select styles. Plus a free professional measured and a 100% satisfaction guarantee during the blinds.com year-end blowout up to 45% off now@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Brock Bauer's Record Setting Day pushes the Raiders to a win versus the Saints. The Raiders posted black to back wins for the first time this season with a 25 10 victory over the New Orleans Saints. Yeah, rookie tight end. Brock Bowers led the Raiders in receiving with seven catches 77 yards and set several records. Bowers set an NFL record for the most receiving yards by rookie tight end in a single season. And the most reception by rookie in a single season. Hold on. A most reception by rookie in a single season in the Oh, in the second quarter, right? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, in the second quarter. Okay. In the second quarter. Okay. Bowers also set a a, a raider single season record for the most receiving yards by a rookie.


And the most receptions, I mean the, what's the record? The most reception by Tiny is Jason Whitten 116 or Zach Ertz. Ooh, one 16. Well, they, they, they were dealing what? Because he has what what does he have now? 108 Because I think Malik Neighbors has like 106. He is right there on him. Mm. About Zach Ertz. Okay. Zach Ertz has one 16. Brock Bowers has how many? 1 0 8 now. So he's nine catches away from breaking the record. Hey, all I know. I'm throwing in the ball. I'm throwing in the ball every day. I'm every day. Oh, I forgot Pastor gonna get some votes too.


Oh Yeah, Because when he covered Jamar, chase had on what, six, seven targets. He had three catches for 27 yards to, against Ctan. And when, when Ctan wasn't on him. What you call Joey, Joe Burrow hunt him. Well, hey, oh, you owe guard somebody else. Jamar get ready. Oh, So Ctan is gonna get some, he he's gonna get some votes. He good man. That joke of fluid. Oh, he, he good. Oh Joe, that joke is effortless. He real nice. Hey listen, he to be that size to be that big. Yeah. He tall. He tall. He likes six two tall, two And a half tall. Hey, listen to be that fluid, fluid to be that smooth.


He got great hips, great technique. He can play off, he can play man. He's really good and always in position to make a play. Always in position to make a play. Yeah. I like him. I like him a lot. O Joe Tampa exploded offensively punting just once all, once all afternoon. Open the game with five straight scoring drives. Baker Mayfield posted his first career game in which he threw for 350 plus yards, five touchdowns connected with Mike Evans for two of those as he became the seventh player in NFL history with six or more seasons with at least 10 touchdown receptions. And now I think he's what, 80 yards? He's like 80 yards away from getting another thousand yard or another a thousand receiving yard season.


Right. And they play New Orleans next week. Oh yeah. He gonna, he gonna get that. He definitely gonna get that. And then, you know what? He don't have to deal with Marshawn Lamore either. Nope. Yeah. You go out there, go out, go out there and have you So, So Baker was 20 of 27 of 32 3 59 5 touchdowns. Bucky Irving 20 carries 113 yards. They ran the ball 40 times for 2 0 2. Mike Evans had eight catches for 97 yards and two touchdowns. Bakker was sensational. Bryce Young was 15 or 28. 2 0 3. Two touchdowns. No interceptions. It would just overmatch. Adam Thilan had a day five for 1 10, 2 touchdown.


They just, they just don't have enough offensively. Yeah. Too much. Too much. Too much. Too much. Five. How they to deal with Mike Evans needs 85 yards to have, that'll be as 11th straight or 12 straight. A thousand yard season be as 11 straight Now Jerry has the record with 14 total 1000 yard seasons. Woo. He gonna get that though. He definitely getting that. Oh Yeah. Oh, I'm gonna feed him.


I'm gonna feed him. I'm gonna make sure he gets it right. But Baker's played extremely well. Bak has gotta have like 30 something touchdown passes, doesn't he? Bak has 39 touchdown passes. Damn. He Wow. 39. Yes. Shit. And he's over 4,000 yards, right? Oh yeah. I I'm not, I'm not mistaken. I I, I just, just looked at it. Boy. It's gonna be a ocho it's gonna be real interesting. This Pro Bowl. What happened? The a c Pro Bowl quarterbacks?


Yeah. No, you mean You got Joy B you got Mahomes 15 and one. You got Josh Allen and you got Lamar Jackson. Yeah. Somebody get left home to take three. Well, listen, the, the, listen, this might be a, this might be a year where they changed, they got the rules and take Four. They ain't changing the rules. And now the, the NFC you got Jerry Goff Goff, you got Baker Mayfield. You got Jalen Hurt. Yeah, you got Sam Donald Arnold Balling. You know what, I can't wait. I can't wait to get the Pro Bowl. I can't wait to get the Pro Bowl. 'cause you know I gotta work and I'm Finn I'm finna get everybody autograph and they finna sign my jersey. I want everybody autograph and gimme a jersey Ocho.


Now it's time for our fa final segment of the evening. Now it's time for Q and A. Well God, well God damn, that shit went by. Oh, my bad, my bad. Hey, hey. Can you do me a favor? What We should start, we should start a, we should start a like a, a little park, right? For me to, to kind of help me with my discipline when it comes to, to using derogatory language. Every time I curse, I put a dollar in the pot. Right. Your whole check will be gone at the end of the month. But this, this is the thing. And then we, we give it, we give it away to I like that idea. Sure. I'm all for it. Yeah.


Matter of fact, no, let's make it $20. Every time I curse 20 Man, you won't have no money. 20. And at the end of each month we, we, we, we tally it up and we give it away to somebody in the chat. Okay. I'm good. That's a good idea. Blah. Nine one say, I've never seen so many good rookies in the NFL. Is that indicative of the rule changes? I mean, it all depends. Look, they throw the ball. Yeah. That's it. You add a game, you've added games, you throw the ball more than you ever have. Yes. If you notice, it ain't a whole lot of rookie running backs doing this. I mean, Bucky Urban, I think is the only rookie running back. And I think he's pretty close to a thousand yards. But the receivers, you look at Malik though.


You look at neighbors, you look at Brian Thomas, you look at a Brock Bowers, you saw the quarterbacks come in, you see Jay Daniels come in and that's what you're gonna get. But these guys are, they're more skilled now. Yeah. They do all these seven on seven camps. They grow up in seven on seven, whereas before that didn't happen. Right. They're getting, they're getting coached by NFL guys that, that throwing coaches early. These guys got throwing coaches in high School. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. And you know, and college. So it's, it's different. But the rookies are Yeah. The rule changes helps. But at the end of the day, guys still gotta go out there and, and, and gotta Perform. And gotta perform. Yeah. You're absolutely right. Aaron Owen says a 60 meter dash between c cj, 2K, prime Tyreek, Bo Jackson, Darryl Green, who you taking?


And they prime. And they prime And they prime And they prime. I'm trying. Who? I ain't gonna lie. I ain't never seen nobody beat Darryl Green. And I'm talking about he racing he race the Olympic champs. Yeah. That that'd be a good race. Prime. Absolute prime. Well that would be a, that would be, that would be a great ring. Ooh, that'd be a good one. That would be a good one. Damn, that's a good one. I think I'm, I think I go with Prime or both. Bo bo bo both twitchy.


You see how, can you see how Tyreek is right now? I'm gone Now. You see, now you know time twitchy. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I know that. I know that. Yeah. Time, time. Real twitchy. Well now that, now that, now see that's what they should have had. Right. But you ocho they used to have that NFL's fastest man. Oh Yeah. Darry Green. Darryl Green. I see Woody. They had Herschel Walker. Herschel Walker. They had, I don't know if Sam Grady ran, but they had Willie G. Yeah. Oh, they had some guy. Oh yeah, I done seen it go across Twitter a few times.


They had it running in, in them gray shorts and Yeah. Yeah. Those back Jeremy Shepherd said the greatest defensive team in NFL history ba versus the greatest offensive team in NFL history. Who wins and why? So What, what, what are we talking about? We talking about the 85 bears that we take, we talk about No, you Talking about about the Bears or or the 2000, 2003. Yeah. That, that not, not that you, not that you may, because I'm like, okay, you said the greatest NFLT now what do you think? Who you think the greatest, is it the 85 Bears? Is it the 2000 Ravens? Is it the oh two bucks? Is it the, the the the the 12. The 13 Seahawks?


Yeah. Is it the 76 Steelers? I mean, what is, who, who do you consider the, the greatest team? Okay. Offensively, is it the oh seven? Is it the oh seven Patriots? Is it the 13 Broncos? Is it to the 83? Is it the 83 Washington football team? Boy, I'm biased because I happen to be, I wasn't on the defense, but I was on the Ravens right when that defense and I saw it up close and personal. Yeah. You had to see it. It's Different. But that's when they let you punish the quarterback. Yeah. And all those teams for the, for the most part, with the exception of the, the 12 Seahawks would let you punish the quarterback.


Yeah. You could punish him in 2000. You could punish him in oh two. You could punish him in the eighties. You could punish him in the seventies. And you Talking about you can't punish Punishing the quarterback. The quarterback, yeah. Anybody on the office. You could punish anybody. Yeah. Received Oh yeah. There were there every, yeah, there was no, no, no. Nobody, nobody was spared wide receivers quarterback running. Oh yeah. Greatest. And today, Ocho the thing is, is that they, the thing is that what teams figured out right, is that the mistakes that they made, the 85 bears, they were known for the bear defense.


Right. So what they did, they covered up the center and the two guards, the Four, six, right. And 46 defense. Yeah. And what they would do is that they would stretch it. So they would take Wilber Marshall and put him over the tight end. Right. And they would take dent and kick him outside. The problem that people have is that they was taking a tight end or the running back to try to block Richard dead. Right. Or Hampton. Well that's not gonna work. Yeah. And so what they did, they started fanning it so they would take the tackle because, but now what they realize is that that guy wasn't gonna come. He had to tight end man. But when he blocked, he would come and hit your quarterback in the mouth.


Yep. So what they started doing is releasing that guy take the tackle and kick. Now if they brought both of them, you just look hot because normally the backer, the inside backer was gonna have to try and take you. Right. So you just get whipped to hit you with the ball, you take off running. But that would be great. I'm going with, I'm, like I said, I'm taking the 2000, I'm taking the 2000 Ravens as the greatest defense. Same. Same. I don't care what nobody say. Yeah. And I'm only taking all the Raven Defense. 'cause I, I, I saw, Because I didn't, I didn't get to watch the other teams. I didn't see the 85, 86 Bears. I wasn't able to see 'em, I didn't see the Steelers when they had the steel curtain back then.


You know. But that, that, that two man, I don't think people stand. Isaiah Lancaster says Uncle Ocho, is this the best generation of quarterbacks? Mahomes, Lamar, Allen, Burr. Herbert. And does Lamar or Allen overcome the Chiefs? Well, it's either, nah, never. Look, we've always had an influx of quarterbacks. You had Montana, you had Elway, you had Marino, you had Kelly. You've always had, you know quarterbacks, right? Just young. I mean 'cause think about it, all those quarterbacks, only one of 'em won a Super Bowl. All the quarterbacks you've mentioned, only one of won of Super Bowl. Right.


Only two of those have an MVP. If you think about it right now, OCHO, only two quarterbacks in the entire league have Super Bowl as starters. That's Mahomes And that's Mark Jackson? No, Aaron Rogers. Oh, You say MVP? My bad. My MVP Super Bowl has Super Bowl. Oh, Super Bowl. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. As start as starters. Oh yeah, yeah. My bad. Hey, all the three have the MVPs, Rogers, Mahomes and Lamar. Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. Oh, I forgot. Ooh, In the Rams, Stafford has a Super Bowl. Oh, staff. Oh yeah, yeah. Stamp stamped there. Yeah. Don't, don't remind me.


Don't, don't remind me. Because that wasn't no pass interference on that fourth That no that no Look pass was the greatest, was the greatest go under in NFL history. That Was a very, that was, that was nice. That was given The circumstances. That was nice. That's the Super Bowl ocho. That ain't no preseason game. Hey that was, that ain't no regular season game. That's for all the marbles. Yeah. I can give credit with credit to, that was nice. Oh, Russ too. Russ got a Super Bowl at four. So Russ Rogers, Mahomes and Stafford Stafford. Only two have Super Bowl MVPs. That's Mahomes and Rogers. Hmm. Only three have regular season MVPs. That's Rogers, Mahomes and Lamar.


Right. But at the A, these guys are young too. So they gonna be duking it out for a while. Lucha, you got Lamar at 27, you got Allen probably 27 Burs like 28. Herbert is like 25, 26. Mahome boy just turned what? 29. So they gonna be going, they gonna be, they gonna be going at this for a while. Little Joe and I'm glad of it. Brandon Martinez and you guys forgetting how many weapons Lamar has to compete to Allen Heath's carrying Buffalo. Bro, it is not an easy decision you can make. You can join, fix this iPad please. You can make a compelling case for either guy.


Yeah. It's just Ocho. Somebody gotta argue for the defense. Somebody gotta argue for the prosecution. It, it is really that simple Ocho. And the funny thing about it is, is it's so close, it's so it's, you would damn near have to nitpick. You would have to nitpick and find something to say, well Josh winning for this reason or Lamar Jackson should win in for this reason when the numbers are so close, the records are so close. I mean listen, I think it's gonna come down to this last game and you said, you said Josh Allen might not play because they have the number two seed, The number two seed locked up. They can't be anything but the number two seed. Well, listen, Wait. If that's the case, you think Josh Allen might sit and might not play well, Lamar Jackson might get it just for the performance he has against the Browns this week coming up.


Yeah, you right. Yeah. Oh, Joe Flacco won a Super Bowl and he got a MVP. We forget about Joe and because it was so long, he was so long ago. Well, I mean he won more, more recent than Aaron Rogers. But he won one and he was a Super Bowl MVP. Now you could have made a case for Jacoby because Jacoby was sensational. Yes. Jacoby, he saved, he and Flacco saved the day against the Broncos on third and forever caught the game went Thousand. He fought with the safety. The safety mis misjudged it. Raheem Mo. Yep, he did ocho Tim Lee said if the chiefs are so scared of the Bengals, which I know they're not, why would the chief let them in?


Can't have it both ways. Ocho Oh, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Who, who mentioned anything about them being scared? I didn't say anything. I didn't, I didn't say anything. I don't even, I don't even speak on the Chiefs. You know, I don't say anything bad about the Chiefs. Now what I have done is anytime there was a game going on, I would just say the Chiefs were gonna lose. Just to say it really not really understanding that because of Mahomes, they probably not gonna lose anyway. I just said for, for, for for context purposes. Just to go against them. That's all. That's all they, they, they're really good. They're really good. And they will always be good as Long as y'all ain't gonna make the playoffs. Who, Who, who you talking to? You, You don't think we're gonna make the playoffs? No. Okay. What part? About what? About the big end or the Big O?


No. Okay. We'll see. We'll see now when we make it, now when we make it, I don't want you to say play or off. No more Tre Caesar said, do you think Commanders win a Super Bowl by the end of JD five? Rookie deal? Well, it's a lot easier to win on, on a rookie deal than it is when you start. Because by the time he get a deal, you gotta understand what the money's gonna be. He's gonna be 70 million. We're gonna be nasty because He's gonna sign a deal after his third year. So that's two years away. Ocho Yeah, It's gonna be, It's gonna be $70 million.


It couldn't work. Let me get all that too. Yes. Why? If you ain't got no money, go get it from the Federal Reserve. But I need all mine. Question, if Larry was to win a ring in 2008, where would you rank his playoff run? Larry? Larry Fitzgerald. Oh, oh, oh. That run he was on. Yeah. And that, and that thing was nasty. But who, who had a better playoff on Larry Fitzgerald or Cooper K. That triple fit. But see that co finished it off because here's the thing, you gotta think about what Cook did in the regular season. Ocho. Yeah. 1 42.


1942 were cut Triple Crown. And he showed up every game In the playoffs and he was cutting up. But Larry, Larry, Larry, that was crazy that, that would've been crazy. Jerry had some runs. I mean when Jerry did, when Jerry did have run, there's the reason he got all the record in the postseason and the regular season for receivers. But yeah, man. Ooh, that Super Bowl, the NFC championship, the game against the Falcons fifth had a run. I, I give him crap. Vince had a run. But I think I'm gonna go with, I think I'm gonna go with Cup.


Don do said Unc give my boy Zach bro some attention for defensive player of the year. Not a household name, but he's been playing his tail off. He that, that's the minute that the Mike back age. Oh man. Hey, that's the Mike Backer from Philly, huh? Yeah, 53. He nice boy. He is boy. He like, listen, I don't, I don't pay attention to linebackers that much, but because of his play you ain't have no choice but to do. Yeah, he jump off the screen. You gotta play. Yeah, play. He pop. Oh yeah, he's nice. He pops Ocho he pops. You might not know him. I mean he doesn't have one of the big names. He's not like a what's the guy in San Fran? Fred Warner. Fred Fred Warner. You know you got Fred Warner? You got Zaire Franklin? Yep. You got B Wags in Washington.


Right. Zach Ron Bar. Ooh, very nice. He could play, he could, could play. I love his game. Danny Fan said, oh, please give my honest opinion on the Chargers because you are real. I like the Chargers. He got 'em playing Harb, Harbaugh got 'em playing. Jim Harbaugh got 'em playing really, really well. They got weapons. JK Dobbins being able to run the football definitely helps. They got justice. He he's there too, ain't he? Injustice Hill there because they got both of the guys from the Ravens. Yeah. And I like, they got my, they got my boy Quinn Johnson. Quinn Johnson. You see this boy? You can, What's the guy up jk Do and in the charges, Q you playing, you playing with Confidence.


Quinn Johnson keep that thing going boy. Gus Edwards. Guss Edwards, that's the guy. Guss Edwards. Yeah. Of both former Ravens a he's like, Hey J John, product A these guys really work for you HARs. And guess what? They know the offense 'cause Greg Roman is the offensive coordinator. Oh yeah. Hey, well you, you going, you going somewhere for New Year's? No. Oh, you, you gonna stay home? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Go where? Oh no, I mean I I ain't finna be out there. I ain't finna be out there that craziness.


Oh no, I ain't talking about that craziness. You know, I, I normally have my, my, my my, my ritual, I always go to The Bahamas for Junko. You know what Junko is, right? Yeah, I've heard of it. Yeah. So I just, I just had, I just got my ticket for Junko. I'm gonna leave out, I'm gonna leave out on, on the 31st. On the 31st and in the morning. And so when the ball, the ball drop, then you go to, I go to Junko like two in the morning. I'm gonna watch, I'm gonna watch Junk Can News from, from two to six. And then my flight needed 1230 to go to Jersey for inside the NFL. 'cause I gotta be there. I gotta be there the next day. Oh, Sheldon Pope said Unc, today is bros birthday as a gift Dlo guy gives to the Brooklyn man.


Y'all, y'all wild for that Ocho I got old country saying for you, if someone keeps saying the word, if you say if it was a fifth, we'd all be drunk. Yeah, we would. So that's why you're not going to the playoffs because you keep saying if I ain't say, if I said we are weed very confident I ain't,


This is it your moment, this is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Congratulations to CBS Sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom-built T-Mobile private 5G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


This is Teddy Mellencamp And Tamara Judge from two T's In a pod. As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to travel the world in style. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event, or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collections spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure, and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. Sky Miles experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/sky miles experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up.


It's gone. TS car wash detail service. Said you guys. Most expensive Christmas gift. Received or given. Ah, man, I ain't got nothing called no money, man. What the hell y'all talking? Who the hell I, I'm trying to think. Lemme think. The most expensive gift someone has given me. Mm.


I just want y'all know women Hoo-ha Ain't no Christmas gift. Okay. I'm trying to think. Ocho I, I'm trying to think. They saying the most expensive, maybe most expensive gift you got. Yeah. Yeah. So that you received Well, shoot, it had to be that. Oh, this Year, bro. Lemme tell you what, I got Ocho. Talk to me Now. Talk to me. Wait, take your time. Go ahead. I got 20 t-shirts. Ooh, that's what I'm talking about. You know, I got tweet t-shirts, you know, I like the Marvel character, stuff like that. Right. Ironman and Batman and and hu and stuff like that. Hmm. Give me what? Right. See, remember, remember I asked the chat and I told the Chad on what I want for Christmas.


Yeah. I talked about my tank tops. Yeah. My wife keys and my underwear from Hanes, from, from Target. Boy Ashley ain't gimme no Christmas gift. What? Y'all got me. Y'all gave me What did you waiting for my, what's the most expensive Christmas gift you've given? Oh my goodness, goodness. Jewelry. Yeah.


Yeah. Jewelry. Jewelry. You know How much, Ugh, I can't, I, I I can't, I can't even tell you the numbers 'cause I can, there's different pieces, you know, and it's, it is, it is kind, it's kind of arrogant. It's kind of outta character for me. But, you know, I had how, listen, let me, let me tell you how, lemme tell you how. Okay. Because, you know, when it comes to me, you know, I, I ain't spinning shit. But when it comes to certain individual, you know, that came into my life at, at, at one point I started acting out character and doing things that are, that are, that weren't characteristic of the way I move and the way I spend. And then that's, that's, that's, and I don't know how it happened. I don't know what happened to me, but yeah.


That, that's it. You know, the number, the numbers and then there was no price. That was, that was too high. Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy what happened. I try to keep it under, I keep it under 30, 30,000. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's, that's, that's a good number. That's a good number. That's a good number. Wave 8 52. Your Uncle Ocho love the show. Been watching since the first episode. Debut. Y'all keep going brother. Since being, being in a bad accident. Hold on, y'all keep me going brother. Since being in a bad accident at the job. Mm. Wade, we, sorry to hear that, bro. Hopefully everything is healing up and you are back.


You'll be back on your feet in no time. But we appreciate the support. We appreciate our loyal listeners and, and, and, and viewers, people that's been supporting OCHO and I from day one in the Nightcap family. So Broad. We're praying for you for Speedy Recovery and thank you for your continued support. Yes, Sir. Mr. Mother sticker stickies. Hey, uncle Ocho, can you give my newborn MA love a shout out? She's officially 20 days old. Hey Mia. Thank you. Our youngest Nightcap member. Congratulations, Neil. Why 20 days old? Thank you so much. Congratulations. Bang bang.


Please shout out my dad, skipper Thomas, his birthday. He made 60 today, the 29th. I gifted him a bottle of La Portier and tickets to the New Orleans Show. He's a prostate cancer survivor, skipper. That's what I'm talking about. I Appreciate that. Skip bang, bang. I appreciate you for the support. I too was a cancer. I am a cancer survivor. So me and your dad have a lot in common. Hopefully you enjoy the cognac. I can promise you, you gonna enjoy both the cognac and the show. Can't wait to see you there. Skip j Taylor. My wife surprised me with tickets to the New Orleans show. I would like to upgrade 'em to VIP section. Is that possible Ash?


Jt, reach out to the venue. I'm call 'em no email. Just call 'em and tell 'em what you would like to do. I'm sure they can handle that. They can accommodate that. But thank you bro. Thank you for coming. Gifted hands. Hey Uncle Ocho, can I get a shout out for my new fiance and I, we got engaged on Christmas morning after seven and a half years of dating. Can't wait to see you guys in February. I'm Jalen. She's Janet. Okay. Gifted hands. Janet, congratulations. Jalen. Congratulations to Jalen and Janet. They watch, they're gonna be at the show. Can't wait to meet 'em. Newlyw not, not newly, not engaged.


Newly engaged. Yeah. After seven and a half years. Yeah, bro. Seven and a half years. You know, Janet backwards and forwards. She knows you backwards and forwards. Glad you're taking that next step. Can't wait to meet you guys in New Orleans. I, I sure. I sure can't wait to make my next step. Shit. Vivian, Vivian that can me, UNC and Ocho. Do you guys ever read comments? Will you leave them at on the bathroom wall? Hell nah. In the chat. Yeah, we read comments. I mean, we always, I mean, you know, we got people that go through, read the comments. 'cause we try and improve. There's something that we need to improve.


Sometimes people need comments. Y'all need to do more of this, less of that. Of course. I know y'all like Mandy ad bro. That's how we pay the bills. I mean, y'all see all those commercials. What y'all think they do? Most of it. You see more commercials during the Super Bowl than the actual game. Oh yeah. Somebody gotta pay for that. So yes, we do read commercials. What do you wanna say? Is there something we can improve on? Something you like for us to do more, less, like for us to do less? Sure. All we're trying to do is improve the show. Give our viewing and listening audience the best show that we possibly can. Vaughn, excuse me. Vaughn Reed said Unc and Ocho. Today is my birthday. Can I get a birthday? Shout out.


Turn 31. Love you boys. Bond. Happy birthday, bro. Thank you for watching. Thank you for supporting. I don't know what you did for your birthday. Hopefully you did something fun. I don't know. Hopefully you shook the covers full dark. And that's what I would've did on my birthday. Full. We shake the cover. Hey, I, I ain't talking about making no bed either. I got a birthday coming up too, bro. Where Your birthday? On the ninth? Remember? Oh, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm on the ninth. What, what? Hey, what you think I should do for my birthday? Hey Chad, gimme some ideas because you know, I don't, I don't celebrate. I'm, I'm not in the parties don't, don't put me in no environment with a whole lot of people. I say a prayer at the 1159. I'm good. I gave me a cigar and I gave me some cups of coffee and I'm good.


I sit there and relax. You know, I'm trampoline at 11 58, 12 0 1. I'm done. Right on. Okay? Yep. That what I got for you. That's all I got. Ojo. That's all I got. Record day 1201. Yeah, It sounded, it is unfortunate, man. I'm still, I'm still in, I'm still not in a, in a, in a position where I, where I can partake in those activities, whether it be vertical or horizontal. So I'm, let's see what I can do. Well you better. Hey, you better get right. Get right. Dr. Frankie l Bella. Man. Hey guys. Just checking in to say hello with the new year, round the corner.


What's the game plan for 2025? Any big resolutions or goals? No, my only resolution, I ain't chasing lies. I'm gonna let y'all have it. Whatever y'all say I am. Whatever y'all say I did. What? Intentional or unintentional? Whatever you say I'm done. My grandma told me, they said, boy, never chase a lie. I just know now I just see it. I see what y'all right. When I don't comment it go away. Yeah. I ain't had no, I ain't giving y'all no more content. Produce all the content you want, but you will not get me following up. I'm done. That's my, my only resolution. Okay. 24 was great for us. 24 was one of the best years. Yeah. Yeah. I had some setbacks. Yeah, I had some ups and downs, but it's been one of the best years.


Right. 25 is gonna be even better because it's gotten off. Ooh. It's already gotten up to a great start. We got shows. We're gonna have the, the tour. We better understand how to do the tours. It's gonna be bigger and better. We're gonna go to more cities. But that's it. That's my only resolution. I am not, I am not chasing a lie. Yeah. So I'll let y'all say what all y'all say. I, I see it. Do I see it? If I don't see it, somebody send it to me. Yeah. Lie, lie, lie. I ain't chasing it though. I'm not gonna respond to it. Go ahead, Ocho. So my, my New Year's resolution is, is to, to not curse as much. You know, I'm, I'm in, I'm in therapy. I'm, I'm in counseling right now for, for my cursing. I like, I like cursing. Chad, you, you have to listen to me on why I like cursing.


I feel that cursing is a sentence enhancer. You know, it's no different than when you cook and you add seasoning, it gives it flavor. So if I say unc, you know what, UNC? Man, you my dog man. I love you man. You see that sounds good. But if I say, Hey unc, you know what man? I fucking love you. It's, it's, there's a difference in meaning and delivery and the way you say things. That's why I think curse words is so important. But I think I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try to trim back on it a little bit. I'm gonna trim back on it a little bit. And that's, Yes, good luck with that years Resolution. Alright, good luck with that. We gonna get a lot of money. Black Nja say, what's up? This is my fourth room. Eighth time, wink, wink.


Can you please give me a big shout out to my nephew, Avery Helms, who graduated from TC Ash? Alma, TC Ashe's. Alma Mater. He is an amazing young man and a hell of a db. We're also proud number 24 ocho. Yo, This is T four room X time, wink, wink. So I guess you know who that Ist four win two, four? Shit, I, shit, I don't know, but I don't know Uncle. Well, he say he like wing Wing, like you know who he was. So I'm gonna take you to Word party. He plays dv?


No, his nephew does. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. He graduated. He graduated. He graduated from TCU. Hey, Tennessee State. Tennessee State? No, he went to, he went to TC Texas. Christian. Oh, TCU. Yeah. He said, I, I guess he had met you at, at Houston at that room y'all went to. Man, I don't know what you talking me about, man, I can't remember, man. I got, I got ct. I can't remember. I ain't can't even remember shit from last week. Well, well tell your nephew, congratulations.


Well, nephew, I said, Look up. That's a big, that's a, that's a big accomplishment. Me graduating from college. Yes, sir. No, how you figure, give, can you please give a big shout out to my nephew, Avery Helms, who graduated from TCU Ashe's, Alma Mater. He's an amazing young man of dp. I I guess he is like, he meant you 'cause he is like wink, wink. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. I don't, I don't, you shouldn't put a wink in there. That, that kind of threw me off a little bit. Oh, he said this is t from, but nor I'm trying to Well, how does four come in?


I guess he is like, he's teeth from, from, I guess he's saying he's teeth from H Town. Do you know any t from H Town? Nah. I mean, I, I probably do. I don't know. I'm not, I'm just, I can't see a face. So it's hard. But you don't have a face, you know, to give you a better understanding of who it is. Right? Yeah. So, well, Hell, if you saw his face, obviously you know who it was. Ocho but he can't, you can't see his face right now. Yeah, I, no, I don't. Yeah. Ain't ain't nothing I can do with that. There. Don't, but listen, I, I love you. I love your homie, whoever you are. I appreciate you. Yeah. I su you. Congratulations to your nephew. Take your nephew. He can't cover me. He couldn't cover me in my prime. He couldn't cover me what I was born and he can't cover me now. Let him know that. And if he wants some smoke, let me know.


I'll come down to Houston with my clea. Avery, you can cover ocho. She, That concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe. He is the Liberty City. Legend Bing, A ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you guys for your support in 24. Continue support in 25. You started this thing off September 23 and you've been so good to OCHO and I and all the Nightcap family.


We can't thank you enough. Hopefully that continues in 25. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays celebrate. We wanna make sure you have a joyous end of 24, end of 25. What better way to do that with than with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter. If you can't find a bottle in a city or a state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. So you had an opportunity to celebrate starting in 25 and then beyond. Please drink responsibly. Check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. We have got, we got t-shirts, sweats, as well as stocking stuffers such as beanies and coozies and mugs.


Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone should have received their orders by now. Monday, Tuesday holiday was a Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. Hopefully you've received what you've ordered. It was till your liking. And you know, just jump in the chat and let us know. We appreciate that. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. You don't wanna miss it. Got some great guests lined up for you already. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast.


Please go vote for us. The link is at the top of in the chat, depend on our social pages and in our social bios. OCHO commanders needed overtime, but they got it done. They walk it off. Jayden Daniels hit Zach Ertz for a touchdown as they win 30 to 24. Daniels was 24, 36, 2 27 and three touchdowns. Michael Pennix Jr. 19 35, 2 23 and one touchdown and an interception and a losing effort. The Vikings defeated the Packers. 27 25. Okay. And now they put themselves in position to be the number one seed with a win over Detroit last game of the season.


What else we got here? Eagles clinched the NFC East's title. Sequan Barkley is now, he went over 2000 yards. He now has 2005 with 101 rush yards on Sunday against the Giants Sequan Barkley will have the greatest rushing season, single season in NFL History breaking Eric Dickerson records record of 2105 set in 1984 as they crushed the Cowboys 41 to seven. Who else did this? The bills defeated the Jets 40 to 14. Aaron Rogers had one of his worst days.


Giants played themself out of the number one overall pick with a 45 33 victory over the Indianapolis coachs. But the guy says, we don't care about the number one pick. We tried to set a culture. We're trying to win. We'll let the front office worry about that. The Dolphins kept their slim play off hopes alive with a 23 victory over the Cleveland Browns. Now they need to win and get some, get some help. The Raiders went back Toback games for the first time this season with a 25 10 victory over the New Orleans Saints. But the story, Brock Bowers settled an NFL record for the most receiving yards by tight end in his rookie season. Most catches by tight end in his rookie season, has a, has a chance outside chance to break the NFL record.


Held by Zach Ertz of 116 catches. Brock Bowers now has 108 with nine catches. He'll have the single season record bucks defeated the Panthers. 48 14 behind the 350 plus yard passing date and five touchdowns by Baker Mayfield. They run rough shot over the Carolina Panthers. That concludes Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. We'll join you. We'll see you tomorrow night after the 49 ERs and the lions matchup. I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. Manna The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up. It's golf.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.