
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


What's good, Justin Jefferson Here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream. For more. Check out bos.com.


Get your holidays started with the perfect tree and your perfect style from The, Home Depot Whether. you want something that you can assemble in a few clicks? Steal the show with over 2000 color changing bulbs. Or a tree with lights that can be controlled by remote or foot pedal The Home Depot has it all in our huge assortment of premium trees. Plus, get free delivery on over 2 million items this holiday from The Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year, and if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their lose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's Essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


The Volume


Titty Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to drafting sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario, won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Commanders dominate the panthers. Oh, so it's not the quarterback, huh? For a second day I thought it was the quarterback. Hey, Hey Coach Canales. Well, whatever ain do, because you had fans and you had everybody that thinking it was, it was, it was young, it was Bryce Young. Oh, y'all got a victory and all. That's all we needed, right? That's all we needed. Yeah, they, Hey look, Dan Quinn got the squad back in the win column with a dominant 40 to seven win over reel and Carolina boosted their record of five and two in the east while holding on the first place in the NFC East. All eyes though were on the status of Daniels who exited the first quarter due to a rib injury that cleared the way for fellow number two quarter.


Number number two, overall pick Marcus Mario Mariota to shine in his relief. Mariota finished with 239 total yards. 34 rushing two touchdowns, 18 of 23 passes as the commander's out gained to Panthers. 4 21 to 89. Every time you think of the Panthers can't play any worse. They surprise you with another performance like what they had on display today. The Panthers have been outs scored by 92 points in the first half this season. They were shut out today. 27. Nothing. That's the worst in team history topic. Their 43 point differential in 2014 is also the worst differential of any NFL team in the first eight games since 2021. Jets was minus 1 0 7.


Yeah. Ocho what you liked about what you saw from the commanders, because ain't nothing you liked about what you saw from Carolina. Hey, Carolina's, listen, I don't wanna say nothing bad about Carolina. They just know they have work to do. They have work to do. Well how you gonna say something good about it? It's hard to even do that, you know, but they, they, they got a lot of work to do on, all on, on both sides of the ball. They gotta figure out the quarterback situation as well. I think Dave Canales is probably on a short list because Dave Teer is one that is very impatient. Very, I very, very, very impatient. Other than that, the commanders look good. They look good, man. They look good. So it, it, it is not like they, they, they beat my bangals and so they beat a bad Panther team, but they beat other good teams as well.


They beat good teams as well. Yeah. They beat the Cardinals. They beat car, they beat Cincinnati. No, they beat. So what you saw the date, what you saw today from them? It wasn't a fluke. It's what we've been seeing from them in general. And even with the funny thing about the offense, even with Jayden. Daniels going out and Marcus Mariota coming in. Everything kept going. Everything, everything kept going. I'm, I'm sure the offense might have changed just a tad, but because I I, I would, I'd assume, you know, the way Jayden Daniels plays and Marcus Mariota plays, I think the playbooks probably changed up, you know, a little bit based on what they, what they, what each of them do. Well, but they didn't, they didn't miss a beat man. They, they, they didn't miss a beat. Yeah.


They got similar styles. They're very different quarterbacks. Both are very, very extremely athletic. Both the Haman trophy winning quarterbacks, Ocho both were number two overall selected. And so yeah, you're not gonna have to change much. Obviously, you know, Jane Daniels is a, is is a better Yeah. Right now than what, what Mariota is. But Mariota came in and just what you do if your starter goes out, your backup needs to be able to come in and hold you afloat until the starter comes back. That is his job. Ocho that's his job at The backup. You know, I wish since we speaking of backups, what you wish that is supposed to come in and do an adequate job and try to keep your team or keep the team's head above water.


Mark did a great job at that. I wish my dolphins, I wish my dolphins, Man, y'all do it. I wish my dolphins Y'all done Had something, some type of answer. No, you, that what you, you told me they were that talent they got. Oh, hunt gonna come in and do that thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was supposed to. He was supposed to. It just didn't pan out the way I wanted him. Hey, listen, it ain't pan out the way I thought it would pan out. It, it, it didn't pan out. But guess who coming back next week in week eight? Guess who coming back next week? Two will coming back and he gonna throw for about four 50 or 500 yards. Bet You bet you that.


I hope so. I know. So I'm telling you, I'm telling you what's gonna happen. I sure hope he don't get hit though. He gotta learn how to fall. That's all. Slide slide. Nothing head. First slide. Duh. Well, he didn't do that. Remember? He went First. No, exactly when he could. He already had the first down. Just slide. Yeah, Yeah. That's what I'm saying. He gotta learn how to slide. That's it. Protect yourself. Protect your, Yeah. I mean, come on bro. Protect your money, protect your chickens and protect You. Not a running back quarterback on your, first of all, he, no matter what the circumstances are, right. Should never go ahead first.


If you notice, Kansas City really don't do a whole lot of quarterback sneaks with Patrick Mahome since he hurt his knee in Denver. Do the quarterback sneak? You notice that on no. Peyton Manning, once he had that neck injury, they never did another quarterback sneak with him. Two should never, ever, I don't care if it's 31. I don't care if it's fourth and one. I don't care if it was for the game winning touchdown. He should never, the reward is not worth the risk. It's just, it, it just is a nohow. It just isn't. And given his circumstances, because like once you get a concussion, it's easier to get a concussion.


And a lot of times they start to happen with greater irregularity and so Dang. It's tough. And IIII wish you can get in and, and and, and and and stay safe. Yeah. I, I really do. But Ocho man, you know, this is a physical game and it's not so much you going because hey Ocho, somebody tackle you and it sling you down and the next thing you know, the first thing he in the back of your head. You Know what I wonder, I wonder if defensive players even care the fact that he's coming back and do you think they'll, they'll soften up on him a little bit? Absolutely not. I'm gonna try to knock his as legal and as clean a shot I get, I take I would I was just curious. I was just curious with them understanding how many he's had.


You know, just, I don't know. I don't give a damn how many he's had You. I'm just, I'm just telling you how they think. You think of when the defensive player came back, Ocho, he's coming back and I know his ankle and I know his knee. You don't think I'm, oh man, I can't cut man. Oh boy. Ankle man. I feel so bad. Chop. Chop. And you go there like that. Huh? Roll his ass up. Oh hell no. Roll his ass up. Hell yeah. That ain't got nothing to do with me. Hold on. Ocho they put you out there, it's their job to Right, Right, Right, right. Protect. It's your job to protect you.


That's not My job. You're right. But he, he also has to protect himself as well. Protect. That's protect saying Hell no. Hey, like I said, I just hope, I hope he can. He can protect himself. I really do. O Joe. The bills beat the tanks after slow start on offense in the first half. Amari Cooper played a significant role, even though he looked like he wasn't sure if he was gonna play at times, despite quarterback. Josh Allen found him four times for 66 yards and a touchdown. Cooper became the second player in the NFL history to record a CA receiving touchdown in the first game with multiple team teams after changing teams Midseason, he joined, he did it with the Cowboys and not the bills.


Chris Chambers did it with the Chiefs and the Chargers. What you like, you like what you saw from the Buffalo Ocho? Yeah. Hey, Hey look. All right. I like what I saw from Omar. I like what I saw from Ma coming in being another adequate target. Hell, he came in and, and damn near had Col Not close to a hundred, almost a hundred. But he, he look efficient and they giving Josh Allen another really good target that can get open all the time consistently. He ain't gotta play Superman. Huh? He doesn't have to play Superman. Nope. And cross his fingers and hope that players get open for him. Now you got somebody you can count on.


Come hella hot water. He finna get open and cook any and everybody. I like it. I like, you know Josh Allen was 21 or 33? 3 23. Two touchdowns. No turnovers. Coleman four for buck 25. Cool. Four for 66. Shakira seven for 65 kin. K three for 52. They didn't run the ball extremely well. Ocho 20 rushes 74 yards. They need to be better that area. But as long as Josh Allen doesn't turn the ball over, you're gonna be in every game at Every, You're gonna be in every game. As long as he doesn't turn the ball, Joe.


Yeah. By eight day too. All the receivers eight today. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho, if I'm Tennessee, I'm gonna trade Calvin Ridley, I'm gonna trade Deandre Hopkins. Hold On. Calvin Ridley just got there. Huh? Y'all just, they just signed Calvin. Really? Two weeks ago. Weeks. Well I, man, I I'm paying, I'm paying him damn than $19 million a year. I ain't got nobody to get in the ball. Ocho the man had nine targets. He got three catches. Listen, D ho had one target for one catch. Well, Levis got an AC sprain. Who? Well, Levi, he got an AC sprain his Shoulder.


You've seen enough of Will Levi, you know it. He is. If will Levis is the answer. I just need to know the question You answer, you're asking what's the question you asking Ocho if he's the answer? Hey, hey, Quarterback that attended the University of Kentucky. Yeah. Yeah. Moving forward. Long term. He having a rough start dunk. He having a rough start. Turn the ball over too much. Way too much. He's like a young Brett fav, huh? Yep. Hell, a young Peyton Manning maybe Minus the talent. The Seahawks go to the, went down to Georgia. Went down to the Mercedes Benzone Gino Smith, 18 to 28.


2 0 7 2 touchdown. Despite the fact, facing the highest pressure rate this season, Ginos Thrive seven. He had seven completions on 13 attempts. 123 yards and two touchdowns. First cousins didn't play well today. He keep playing like that. They gonna let him come to the cookout. He ain't come to the family reunion. Hey, He He, he was, he was soft today. He the swag surfing at swag surfing after every game. They, they, they was on fire. You gonna have games like you had today though. It happened. It happened to the best of them. Yeah, it happens to the best of them. You know. Yeah. You can't, you can't turn the ball. You can't turn the ball over.


Like he turned it over, gave up a scooping score. I think he had a couple of pick, maybe two. But I know he gave up a scooping score. 'cause I watched that one. Seahawk Seahawks are pretty good. They need to get back. They got back in the winning column. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm happy for Gino, man. I'm happy for Gino. Yeah. DK left the game. Yeah. Some, Some with his knee. How's he doing? Yeah, we don't know yet. Cousins. Three turnovers. 24 35. 2 32. One touchdown, two picks. And he had a four had a fumble. That was a scoop score. Bi John Robinson, 21 and 1 0 3 for a touchdown.


They ran the ball. 32 basically five yards. Almost five yards of attempt. Can't ask For more than that. But when you turn the ball over like that, Ocho you open yourself up to get beat. Yeah. Every time. Gino was what? 18 or 28? 2 0 7. Two touchdowns. They ran the ball. 26 rushes for 103 yards. DK four for 99 on a touchdown. ampm four for 65. Lockett four for 45. Kenneth Walker iii two for 24 a touchdown. Turnovers turnovers kill you. Yeah. They kill you. It get your beat O Joe every Time They get your beat.


It's hard to, It's hard to make up for that. And he's played well. Cousins played well until today. Patriots Coach Jar may didn't miss words to describe his team. Sixth straight defeat a 32 16 loss to the Jags in London. We're a soft football team across the board. We talk about what makes a tough football team and that's being able to run the football, being able to stop the run, being able to cover kicks. We did none of those. The Patriots opened at, at 10 point lead then fell apart part, they total a 38 yards rushing, allowed 171 yards rushing Jacksonville at one point. Ran 16 straight times.


Damn. And surrendered a 96 yard punt return for a touchdown late in the second quarter. And in today's game, the Patriots had won 59 consecutive games since 2017 when leading by 10 points or more. Yeah. Ocho man, that's high school. That's Pop Warner. When you run the ball 16 straight times, There ain't nothing, nothing you can do about it. Nothing you can do about it. I know one thing Jacksonville, Brian Thomas Jr.


If you don't know his name, oh, He had five for 89 on the touchdown Ocho long of 55, 5 targets, five catches. Evan Ingram. Five targets, five catches. Hey, we was talking about the David. They've been talking about Trevor Lawrence real bad. They were talking about him bad. Talking about he looked bad. And here he go, he come out, he pull out a win today. I know they were playing the Patriots, but you, you, you, you gotta you gotta get him when you can. You gotta get him when you can. Yeah. You know that guy Brian Thomas Jr. Boy, every week is something different every week. Pay the man IT Bigsby running the ball.


Hey, the a at Is, at Was gonna, I get ready to ask you. I I think he's hurt. I'm I'm, unless he came back today. Well, I don't see he didn't, he didn't have any, he didn't have any rushes bigs. Bigsby had 26 for one 18 and two touchdowns. Johnson had nine for 38. Trevor Lawrence had two for 13. And Brian Thomas Jr. Had two for two. He was inactive, dude to hamstring. Hey, but damn. But yeah, but Bigsby had started to get the lions. She a lot of the carries. Yeah. Man. Woo. We Patriots man.


They look, look, nobody should feel sorry for the Patriots. They had a two decade Run. That's unrivaled. Any, any team in NFL history. So y'all, the fans, you're like, you know what a because if you 30 years of age, you don't know nothing but winning. Right. Okay. Let's just say for the sake of argument, you 15 ocho your whole life was in Super Bowls. I, you know, I mean, what y'all wanna win forever.


I mean, damn, even the Yankees, I can't feel bad for the Yankees with that, bro. They used to win in a 20 year span, like 15 World Series. Yes. What, what, what am I supposed to do? What am I, how am I supposed to feel sorry for y'all? But I get, I get what J Mayo is saying, like, bro, how we just, how we let 'em run 16 straight times. How, why and what Willy was average when they was the averaging, averaging a carry probably six, seven yards on For somebody run it. Yeah. That's Embarrassing. Boy, that's, that's I'm talking about. That's embarrassing.


Trevor alarms was 15 or 20 for 1 93 in a touchdown. So he wasn't asked to do a whole lot. Hell, he had to, probably had to clean his jersey out there. Just turned around and hand it off. Man, that's a bad feeling. Ocho you out there and just, they just running the ball and you know, you you come on, man. Right. Come On man. And you can't stop it. Jaylen Poe posted on wide receiver for the New England Patriots posted on IG a peace sign. Mayo called him out for three jobs.


Mayo said, we need more from Polk, we need more concentration. He'll be a good player in this league, but he's got to continue to work at it. Damn. And then he Coach showed his Response was a peace sign on Instagrams. Yeah. See, I see. See, they can't able to take that. You gotta be able to take that and come back and pull your coach. Right? Prove him wrong. Actually, yeah. You can't take offense to that. Oh, that's how you feel. Okay, bet. Watch this. But hey.


Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in, and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV. Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black, and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Get your first month free at Greenlight dot com slash iHeart.


The New York Liberty Hey, pulled off an overtime win against the Minnesota League to secure their first Fran first ever franchise. WNBA Championship. The ref definitely bailed the liberty out. I believe that was a travel very weak fault. Alana Smith was whistle for a FO on Breonna. Stewart, just a few seconds remaining in regulation. Minnesota challenged the call, but it was ultimately upheld. Stewart proceeded to tie the game from the free throw line forcing overtime where the Liberty eventually pulled away. 67 62, the Minnesota Links head coach Cheryl Reeb was irate over the official decision to uphold a call going far as to say the official robbed the link of a title.


I know the headlines will be Reeves Cries foul. Bring it on because that issue was stolen from us. Bring it on. I I believe that the defender beat Breonna Stewart to the right spot went up vertical. I believe at worst, that's a no call you let 'em play on. That's just me. I don't believe she filed in that situation, but I also knew ain't no way in hell to go overturn that call, right? Nah, Not that situation. Don't y'all, It is almost like you can't really, based on the situation, because of the magnitude of the game, the type of game it is.


I don't believe it should have been a fo it should have been a call at All. Period. The defendant was there. She went vertical. Stewart initiated the contact. I mean, give them guys aid. The, the, the Liberty one. I thought, I mean, look, they were down by as many as 10 Points, did a great job in the third quarter, outscored 'em 20 to 10 to take the lead. Minnesota hung in there. And I thought, Hey, but Stewy and Esco take the whole team out. The celebration is on y'all two. They bail, your teammates bail out. Right? That's why it's a team.


That's why it's a team. I mean, Stewart was 4, 10, 15 or three from the three point line. ANCO was one of 19 from the floor. She was one for 10 from the three. Take your teammates out guys. Finals, MVP, Jonel Jones, John. She had 17 points, six rebounds of a assist. Played very well. She played 42 minutes. Stewart played. Stewart was four 15 or three five of eight from the three point line. I mean, excuse me, from the free throw line. But when she had to have 'em because she had went to the free throw line, previous missed, both of them came back.


Rubber needed to meet the role. And it was a tough one because remember game one ocho, she missed a free throw that would've won the game and then she smoked the layup. That would've, that would've set the game in overtime. So she redeemed herself making two big, big, big free throws to tie the game and to get it into overtime. But yeah, I, I don't know Ocho, I, I don't know. I don't know. I just, like I said, I thought the, I thought the defender got beat her to the spot. I thought she went vertical and they blew the whistle. But even when they challenged, I was like, I looked at Ash. There ain't no return to this. No, Definitely not.


Congratulations. Congratulations to the New York Liberty. This year's WNBA Champs for the first time and w the first championship ever. And Stuy did it. She said that's why she went there. She wanted to be the first. They've been close so many times. They had great teams when they had spoon, they ended up losing to the comics. When the comics won that run, they won four straight. I don't think we'll ever see that again. When they had that great team look led by Cynthia Cooper, Cheryl Swoopes, Tina Thompson.


They had a, they had a, they had a juggernaut. But congratulations to the New York Liberty winning 67 62 to win the team. The the franchisees first WNBA title and much. And congratulations. Jean Quell Jones Finals. MVP. Now she has the finals MVP and she has a regular season MVP Maid woman, congratulations ocho. For the first time in 43 years, two of the baseball's blue bloods are squaring off in the World Series. The Dodgers made it official defeating the Mets 10 to five to secure the franchise's. 25th National League pennant, the victory secured the date, the re la crowd champ of the New York Yankees Fair.


Not one knocks. Baseball has been perceived as inability for market is top star. Well you can't get any bigger than this because the two biggest stars, shhe, Showtime, Tani against Aaron All rise Judge as they take center stage in the World Series next Friday. So you get Aaron Judge, you got Soto, you got Shhe, you got Mookie Bets, you got Gary Cole, you got, you got some stars, you got Gian Carlos Stanton, you got the two franchises. The Dodgers. Yeah, the Yankees and everything in between. What a matchup. I wish I could attend the game, but unfortunately Ocho we gotta work.


It's Unfortunate. It's unfortunate. I wanna go to the one in, in the Yankees because the Yankees, they got that good food down there and them little down there on the field. It's gonna be cold be busing. I don't want no part of that. It's gonna be, it's going to be cold. Next week is what? November? Yeah. It's, it's gonna be freezing. Oh, at night. Hey, it, it can be October at night. It's gonna be cold man in New York. I'm gonna watch it. I'm gonna watch. Hey, but that food ocho that food be busted. Yeah. I do not like I get my hot dogs at baseball games.


There you go. On the damn hot dogs, man, stop eating them more Gizzy gum. But that's what I eat when I go to a sporting. When you go to a sporting event, you want eat just like one a little kid hot. I get two, I get two hot dogs, small popcorn and a coke with no ice. You like hot dogs? What you put on your hotdog? Nothing. I eat mine plain. I don't dress it up. I never dress it up. Hey, hey. Same when I was a little kid. That's, that's where the habit come from when I was a little kid. I go to the circus, I go to high school football games. I always get the same thing. And, and it, it just, and even now as an adult, I just, I do the same thing every time.


It is like, it's routine. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't need hot dogs. I haven't had a hot dog probably since I was, I don't know, shit. Teenager maybe early twenties. I just, I that Yeah, but, but you missing out Sir. But I take your word. Boy it sir, I give me a hamburger. I get chicken tenders, fries, you know Dodgers have that. Dodgers have a, a ice cream and they put it in a, in a batting helmet. And then the Dodgers known for the Dodgers dog. They got this hot dog back there. Long Ocho, A hot dog.


It's called a Dodger dog. That thing. About how much is that? It like 10 bucks, $12. It's expensive though. I don't like that. I don't like that. Just gimme, gimme my regular hot dog. I don't need nothing. You know, ex extravagant 13 and a half inches. So the hot, so the hot dog 13, 13, 13 50 cents. I can say 13 and a half inches. I was like, damn, no, I'm gonna pass. I'm like, nah. Oh shit. And say man, yeah, I be loving them hot dog man. I love hot dog.


You eat two Of them always, always mandatory. You know, I, you know, you know I go to one heat game a year when, when basketball seems to get ready to start, I'm gonna look at the schedule and see when the Lakers play the heat in Miami. That's the one game I'm going to. That's it. I think Costco sell the most hotdog. I mean, because you know, they got those, those that like that dollar 50, I think it's a dollar 50. And they've been trying to raise and the CEO's like, nah, we not gonna raise the price. We gonna keep the price. They probably sell what, 300, 400, 500,000 those things a year. Maybe more for a dollar because a hot dog for a dollar 50 ocho.


And it's something about when they put 'em in that that like, what is it rotisserie, that thing that it turns 'em Over. Yeah. Yeah. So, so so they burn or cooks even all the way around. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But they be standing in line. I mean when I went to Costco many, many years ago, people be standing in line to get that in that pizza. I know exactly what you're talking about. And no sample. You see, you strike me as a guy to go in the store and be eating Samples. Oh yeah. And every time you walk by, hey, listen, every time you walk by, you change your face. Hell no. You, You take your sweater off, you know, and you come by in a different shirt. Yeah, that's me. Nah, that I ain't eat. No I ain't, I ain't, I ain't eat.


I ain't eat. No, I don't mess With samples. I can get full off of samples. You can, Especially Costco. Costco. Have they have sample on every aisle? I'm gonna be alright. Nah, I'm good because think about ocho. You got Aaron George is gonna be the MVP of the American League. Shhe it, it might be close because Francisco Menor, the Met shortstop had an unbelievable season. But with what, what o did the 50 plus Homers, the 50 plus stolen bases, it's just gonna be so hard to overcome that. And he had those rbis and he's doing it from the lead off spot.


So I think so now you couldn't ask for anything. You got the two, the MVP from the America League, the MVP from the last National League and you got two, the two most historic franchises. Now the Dodge look, the Dodgers not, excuse me, the Cardinals is one of another iconic franchise, so is the Cubs. But when you think baseball is the Yankees and the Dodgers, they got the names, they got, you know, from Ruth Garrick to Mantle to Diaggio Jeter to, you know, now Aaron Judge, they got, you know, they got 'em. Yogi Berra, they got, they got them. They, they got names. Jimmy, I think Jimmy Foxx played, did Foxx play for them or he played for the Lions, I mean the Tigers.


Okay. So they, they look, Aaron Judge had 58 homers. He led the league in rbis walks on base percentage lugging OPSO 50 Homers stole at least 50 base stole, I think he had like 57, 58 stolen bases. Damn. But judges, judges gonna be a unanimous a a LM mvp. He's gonna be unanimous. And rightfully so. I think, I think Tony's gonna win his third MVP in four seasons and he'll be the first since What's the guy he did it for the Reds and the, or or Orioles to win the MVP in two different leagues.


Damn. He had 600 home runs. What's his name? Oh my god, it's Honey Barry Barnes? No, no. Oh my bad. I'm tripping Barnes. Only one MVP in the A. No, he was the, he was the manager. Robinson. What's his name? I'm just Frank Robinson. Oh, Frank. Oh, Robinson. Oh yeah, Frank, that's, that's my boy. We got Frank. Yeah. Yeah, actually I think he went in, I think he went to Triple Crown too. He went for the, because I think he went back, I think they went back because Yas before Miguel Cabrera run it, Yas was the last to win the Triple Crown did for the Yankee.


He did it for the, the Red Sox. 67 I think. Frank Robinson 66. Look at his numbers in 66. 586. What did the, he might have win the Triple Crown, but I know he won the MVP in both leagues. So he Yeah, Frank Robinson did win the Triple Crown right in six. In 66. Yeah. My bad. Ouch. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I I I didn't mean You good. I, listen, listen, I was, I was at that game man.


Man, I, I was there so I know, But o Tony's gonna be the second, he's gonna be the second man I believe to win the MVP in two different American League and the National League. And I think Aaron Judge is gonna be a unanimous MVP for the American League. He's gonna win the MVP for the second time in two seasons. And rightfully so because he had an unbelievable, he had an unbelievable year. Carry the Yankees, he sold them Again. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho the cheapest ticket to game one is 1,085 bucks. I could just imagine what they gonna be at Yankee Stadium Gonna be crazy Ticket might be ticket might be $3,000.


Listen, it's, it's been so long for Yankee fans, I think Since two, they hadn't been to the World Series in two since 2009 when they won it. You know, I think they might pay whatever it might be. Especially we know baseball fans is a, is a, a different kind of loyalty, a different kind of love because it takes so long for a team to actually get to this point to where you are in the World Series. I don't think they even care what the ticket price is gonna be. They will be at the game. Yeah. Yeah. Hey and in so many games, the ocho that's 162 games lot. They start playing in late March, April a lot.


May, June, July, August of September, October A lot. So. Oh yeah, those, those field level seats at Yankee Stadium. Oh, I could have just imagined, I could just imagine what they gonna go for them tickets would probably be 10, 12, $15,000. Who, Excuse me. At Yankee Stadium. I could watch the game. I could watch the game in New York for my hotel for free. Yeah. I was like, oh no, hell no. And then to be cold. I don't like the Cold to be cold, bro.


I don't like the cold. I ain't got no, I ain't got, I don't think I got a kind that kind of jacket to keep me Warm. I do, but I won't be going to the game. You got a fur coat? Yeah. You see my cheetah coda hat on the day? Is that cheetah Leopard? Probably. Leopard Dang. Nah man. Hold on. Leopard got big spots. It's Here. Hold on.


See, I, I caught this, I caught this myself. I sc That's leopard. It's Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I caught him. I ain't use no rifle. I ain't ain't use no gun. Bare hands. You know, a rifle is a gun, but okay. No, I'm saying I didn't use no rifle. Oh my bad. Yeah, I caught him. I him with, I caught him with a bare hands. He lunged at me and he, he had around the neck. He had you and you had him. He had me around the neck, his teeth. And I was able to get my finger, I got my hand in between my neck and his teeth because there was a little gap.


And then I was able to, to tickle his adam's apple like this. Yeah. And he let me go. Then I, I grabbed him and lifted up. Yeah. I snapped his neck. Yeah. I, I skinned him and I made, I made this jacket outta her. Oh, that's a, that's a nice trophy that you got. Yeah, it is. It's, it's good for the winter too. Good for, Well I'm hoping you're not gonna wear it in the summer. Somebody might think you need to be committed if you wearing that in Miami at any point in time, somebody gonna play some 51 50. Hold on you bro. Nah, that's my, that's my, yeah, that's my good prize possession there bro.


Alright. Hey man. Somebody said that they know TJ Maxx when they see it. What Shit, bro. I wish that was TJ Maxx bro. You know, I went through, I got went through goddamn hell skinning that Cat Man. TJ Maxx. They don't sell that at TJ Maxx.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous with a trip to Lucky Land. You know what they say, your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky lands slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82.99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content From each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I love LSUI continue to take the road teams. I'm a road dog this week we need you to be a little more intimidating with that, with that bark. I'm with you too, but was that not an intimidating bark? That's pretty good. I guess I do the meow for the cats. So I'm a road dog. I'm with you. LSU on the road. I don't think Arkansas's good Tennessee pulled off a a shocker. But you saw Tennessee almost lost at home to Florida. I like LSUI like, I think Brian Kelly is finally becoming an a a a southerner hit for a little while. He and his have have fit in at LSU and they're gonna get this dub. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Alright, Ojo, now is time for q and eight. Hey, who play tomorrow? Man? You told me already, huh? I did The Ravens in the book. The Raven, the Ravens in the Buff. Okay. And the Cardinals And the charges. I tell you what, you watch the Cardinal and Charges game. I'm gonna watch the Raven and Buff game. I'm gonna watch both of them because we gonna talk about both of Them. Hey, that game's shitty boy. Hey Marvin Harrison Jr. Playing Okay, I'm watching He cleared protocol. Just wanna make sure you okay. I'm watching. Nevermind. Alright. Ocho J from Akron. Unc you said the other day if you had a thousand tongues you couldn't thank cat enough.


What would OCHO do with a thousand tongues? Let Russ cook. Man. You know what he do? Huh? I already know what you do. If I, Hey listen, if, what would I do with a thousand Tongues? Hey, well with a thousand Tongues, I tell real I love you a thousand times. Yeah, You done told in certain, in in a certain other way too, but okay. I Don't, I don't. Matter of fact, right now I'm, I'm on a spiritual journey, so we just, we, we we not on that right now.


You know? So You're Not Yeah. So both of you know, both of us, we decided to, as we try to, to recommit to read, Rediscover each other. Yeah. Yeah. We just, we starting out. Yeah. We start over from scratch. Mm. Yeah. I'm excited Man. Ocho you know, sometimes I wish I would, I would've, I was born kind of like 15 years later, so in 68 that'd made me, I have been born in what?


Right? Right. 9/3/93 Put me at what? 31? Nah, hell nah. Yeah. 68, nah, 83. That made me 83. I'm like, what the hell man out there. 83. Nah, I needed to be born, I needed, I needed to be born in like 90 because you know, girls, they different now. They, they move a little different. What you mean? I mean, I think, I don't know. I don't think you wanna know. They, they, they don't move a little different. They're a little easier as opposed to before That they move different. Wasn't nobody, they, they, they make you wait on 2, 3, 4 months a year back then. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Yeah. Man. You wasn't get no haw on no first date. Yeah, I mean it's, it's different now. Man. They stole you out. Depend depending on who you're, depending on who you're, you ain't gotta wait it all, It didn't matter who you are because I was him and I ain't hit it. They stall your boy out, Don. Yeah. Yeah. Time are different. I times are different now. They say listen, they ain't got time to play. I don't wanna waste no time. So if you ain't good in this area, we ain't gonna be together anyway. We could do all the dates after. Let me see what you're working with, honey. That's, that's what a woman will tell you. That's what they'll tell you today. Right there in front of you. They tell you aint waste my time.


What time you wanna meet up? Whatcha trying to do? Because I'm trying to see if I'm gonna be with you anyway. 'cause the sex is bad. We ain't going on no damn dates. I'm trying to do something. What do, I'm trying to move the crowd. I move the sticks. Take it for six. That's all I got for you baby. That's it. Move the sticks, take it for six a lot. That's it. That's it. But times have changed, boy. That's one thing about it. They're very aggressive. They know what they want and they, they're not scared to let you know. Yeah. They know. They gonna let you know.


They gonna, they gonna let you know I'm not Bad like that. Too bad like that. Yeah, Man. Yeah. Now I know the tools and fuels will let you have it, you know, put it down the first night. But I'm talking about like a 8, 9, 10, 9, 10 Like that too. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Say so listen, I, I lie for you before I lie to you. Yeah. Now and I, I only know this because I'm telling you the stories that my homeboys tell me. I don't get an opportunity. I'm not in the streets no more. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm put up. So I like hearing the stories I like, but damn she ain't even, Yeah, all my homeboy married too. O you. Yeah. So, hey, All my homeboy married.


I ain't, I mean, I can't, I ain't got no story. You can't tell me no stories. Ain't nobody, all I could do is Reminisce. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be like that some time. Ocho, sometimes I be sitting on my couch, I'll be fing. Damn boy. I remember back in 1982. Damn. 82 Ocho. That's all I got. When you go through life Ocho you get to a point in time that you say, you know what, the only thing I'm trying to collect now is money and memories. I like that. And right now I got more memories than I got money.


I got the memories. So I'm trying to get my money to catch up with my memory. Right. That's right. You gotta, you gotta listen. They, they out here, they out here for you. Man. You gotta find you one man. They don't tell you no, I gotta stay focused. I gotta stay focused. I got the task at hand, Ojo, we going place, We gone. We gone. We like, hey, we like the Jetsons. Ain't no telling where we gonna end up The Jetsons. You, You remember the Jetsons? Do you? Yes. You talking about Roy? Yes, George, Judy, James. That's why I say as, Yeah, That's why I say we like the Jetsons. Ain't no telling. We, we gonna end up, I mean the Jetsons was the first place I saw a a, a treadmill.


A microwave. Because they had all of that stuff back in the seventies when it yeah, when it came on. I bet the chat don't even know what the Justin are, George, Judy, Jane Elroy and Astro Astro was the dog. Remember? You remember small wonder? You remember small wonder? What about Punky Brewster? Yeah, I remember Punky Brew. Yeah. Okay, okay. Here the said Ocho, you lying. We all see that rose, rose toe on your rose toy on your game instead of on ig.


That wasn't A rose toy. That was a gla a gladed plugin. That was the air fresh. I okay, I ojo. I didn't see it. No, I'm just talking about what they talking about. It was, it was, it was, it was, I mean, you, you being quite hostile bro. I I ain't hostile. I'm just saying the person they loud and wrong. How you gonna tell me it's a rose, it's ala plugin. And when, when the air freshening run out, you know, it had like a little dove into it. Like a dove dove type smell. I'm using it as ashtray when it, when it's done. Yeah. I need to be more than 90. That's what I, that's what I'm gonna be recar when I come back.


I'm gonna come back as a 90 baby. Okay. Raffi collects Rogers gets solid fired and gets Adams and Lou Rogers. Who's Rogers blaming next? Hey, you know, they, they don't even need, he don't even need to blame nobody, man. I'm telling you. He just need to play Better. That he needs to play better. You know, And Instead of, instead of those flashes of greatness being in spurts, just have him a little bit more consistent. That's all. So, yeah. And, and that's the thing. I, I think the thing is, is that a lot of times when we say someone needs to play better, oh you this, oh you that. No, he needs to play better. That's why, that's why they gave up what they gave up to get him.


If that was the case, you could just went and got arbitrarily got somebody else to do what he's doing. That's Rogers. Shouldn't we have lofty expectations for Rogers? Shouldn't we hold him to a higher standard than we hold a, a a, a normal quarterback? Yes. He, he's done that. That's what, that's what Rogers has done. He's elevated himself into that category. So therefore we have to hold him to that standard. We must hold Aaron Rogers not to the quarterbacks that are playing today to a younger Aaron Rogers. Because when you great, that's what you get compared to your younger self.


They compared Jordan to him younger self. They compared Covid, they compare LeBron, all the grace get compared to them younger selves. That's just the way it is. I didn't make the rules and I'm not gonna try to change it now to fit somebody to make sure that they're okay. No, that's not how it works Ocho. Right. That's not how it works. The Raven nine said, why are people acting like fans are, boy the player Watson got hurt. They're cheering that the person got hurt. Two different things. Hold on. Why are people acting like fans are booing the player Watson got hurt. They were cheering that the person got hurt.


I, I don't understand what they trying to say. That's what I'm saying. But I'm saying you can't enter, you can't separate the two. It's him. I get it. Okay. They say, oh, we, we we're, we we're, we're cheering for the, the player or the person. Oh, not, not the player. They're not interchangeable. Oh, I see. Oh, I see what they're saying. I see what they're saying. But they're not interchangeable. I just, yeah. I, I I can't, I can't speak I on anyone. Especially after injury. When he scored a touchdown, y'all didn, boy, why didn't you boy him then?


Hmm? I'm just curious. I'm, I'm thinking that's, I, that that's a, that's a tough Oh, oh, okay. That was different. Let's move along. Mocho David Parley uncle. No, Joe, help help me get the kiddos happy Meals. What are the, what are the plays for tomorrow? Last time you said Lamar and Henry. A hundred plus I got two McChickens instead of one. What's our par Well our parlay is my parlay is tomato and I'm gonna hit it. Boy. You see today Bree Hall get a touchdown today. All they had to do was hit last night. Last night, last week.


Get a touchdown. And I, I'd have hit it, but I'm gonna hit this tomorrow. I got one. What you got? What you got? What you got? What you got? Nope, I gotta say for tomorrow. Posted it tomorrow. Brian is said What's up uncle? No joke. How about my lions today? Where are you ranking jg on the MVP list? I say top three. We need a dm. Praying Cosby Crosby or Smith. Love my merch. There's only one number. 32. Oh, he d he smack dab in the m. Absolutely. Yes.


He's the quarterback. Yeah, he make he making it go. I think it's obviously Lamar. Listen, the Raven's got two players in the MVP discussion. Lamar and, and de Henry Lamar win it again. He might win a third bro. He could possibly. That's Crazy. Derrick Henry's on pace to rush for what? Damn near something. He got what, what They play six games. That's crazy. And he got over 700 yards. So he's on pace. Yeah. Damn.


Yeah. But Jerry Goff is definitely into the MVP discussion. The numbers that he's putting up, the completion percentage that he has. Yeah. The way his team is playing and, and, and impressive record that they have. He's absolutely in the MVP discussion and rightfully so. Name is Elijah. Unc couldn't pronounce my name, my name tag last night. But anyhow, Keith striving bro. I really look up to you. How you guys feel about my top five teams? Kansas City, Baltimore, Minnesota. Nah, Minnesota got beat by Detroit. No, Minnesota got beat these day. They can't be Green Bay Man. Everybody, he just, everybody just name it is playing well. Well above five 15.


Yes. No Minnesota Tampa's record. You like Tampa or Green Bay? Ooh, That's a good, Ooh, that's tough. I'm going right, right now. Yeah, you can, you can, you can go listen. It is based on, it's all on preference. I like what BAK doing with Mike Evans and goddamn, excuse me. And Chris Godwin them. Boy, hey, them boys balling boy. Mike Evans. Mike Mike. Mike Evans. I think it's a game time decision. Don't show. Oh shit. He heard. He heard. I think it's his hamstring. Oh man. Listen, what is everybody needs soft tissue injuries.


Damn, man. I'm trying to think who man, who, who would replace Mike? I gotta look at the depth chart. Oh, they got some players. Jason Wiggins said third super comment here. I love the drama of the NFL today. You have, you have to compete, you have, you have to have competent quarterback to make it in the NFL playoffs. Nightcap is everything to me right now, bro. Appreciate it, Jason. Appreciate the support. Appreciate you chiming in. Thanks for the comment. Thanks for being a super member. We greatly appreciate that support. Yeah, you definitely have to have confident quarterback play because it's, you can't hide him anymore.


It's not good enough. Oh, we're gonna run the ball and we're gonna play Outstanding defense. No defenses are too good now. They're gonna make your quarterback play and he's gonna have to be competent and he's gonna have to make throws. And if he can't, you're not gonna go far. If you do make the playoffs, dab Smith said, what's up Uncle Ocho? The NFC North is the best division in the NFL. I believe the Packers are the dark horse on the NFL. Which team y'all think is a dark horse in the NFL? Dark Horse. Dark horse team. Who would be the dark horse? I want, I wanna say the bear is so bad.


I, I do. But if Caleb Williams keep playing the way he planned, you know, not, not the beginning of this season. That about where he is been at the past two weeks. That would be my goddamn dark horse. I thought you were gonna say Cincinnati. No, no, no, no, no. No. Cincinnati. Cincinnati not a dark horse. We just the best team in a FFC North. No you're not. Y'all the third Best team. We are the best team in the A FC North. And you'll see that when it all matters, it's gonna come together. It ma, it don't matter now. No, Not right now. Football, football season. Don't start till after Thanksgiving.


Y'all might be out of it by after Thanksgiving. Never that boy. We finna go on a run. Who you think is a dark horse in the NFC? See, It's gotta be somebody. I guess I'll take Seattle, man. Okay, that's A good one. That's a good pick. That's a good pick. I hope. Deebo. What about the commanders? Oh damn. I could've, I could've went with Jayden and them, huh? Yeah. You like the Eagles of the dark horse or they not Dark horse? No Eagles ain't no damn dark horse.


Yeah, that bear's a commanders is a good one for a dark horse. Teams that were, that were horrible last year and this year. It's like Uhoh. Which players, which players with record breaking contracts actually fulfill them. Many contracts seem wasted due to injury or under performance. Could this impact future contract contracts? Making them more incentive based? I think Patrick Mahomes fulfilled his right. I think Aaron Donald fulfilled his. Yeah.


Who else got a big contract? I think what you call him with at one point in time was the highest paid offensive line. Big Trent. I think he fulfilled his fulfill. I think Derrick Henry fulfilled his contract in Tennessee. Absolutely. Hell, he, he fulfilling his contract here in Baltimore, Right? Yeah, but it wasn't break up. I mean he only got 8 million. Right.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba. Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with Chumba Casino dot com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday November 5th on M-S-N-B-C


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan. Only 59 99 per month for three months. Then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read Where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid For by Harris for president.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. Lime.com made it crazy affordable to replace our rolled blinds. Hard To install. No, it was easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Ho Ho blinds.com is the goat, The goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


You could tell you Rich, you said only 8 million. Yeah, but I'm saying when, when we talk about record breaking, we talk about like a Christian McCaffery, well, you know, five years, 90 million, $80 million, something like that. Yeah, I mean, no, no, five eight $8 million is a lot of money. But considering he was making 13, 14. Yeah, but we'll have to see, we see some of these receivers getting record making contracts. We saw some D lineman getting paid wide received. So we're gonna have to see Jefferson, I think Tyreek, you know, Tyreek put two over 1700 yard season. I think he's fulfilling the contract that he's doing what they paid him to do when he, when he went to Miami.


Now he ain't got nobody throwing the ball. Keep fighting out different ball game first and two of, yeah, Robert Presser. I feel like Angel Reese not knowing her. WNBA salary is a little concerning. I'm rooting for her, but everybody gotta be smart about their money. I mean, I mean what's, what's the rookie salary? 70,000. 72. 73,000. Okay. Say she, you pay $8,000 in rent. I mean you living down, I mean she probably lives downtown on the highrise. Yeah, I mean, but her sponsor, her sponsors and endorsements, she makes probably four or five, six times, you know, her salary.


I mean she turned, well she had NIL probably with 1.4, 1.5 that turns into sponsorship. So she's probably making, you know, a million, a half, $2 million a year. So, you know, 8,000, which is $96,000 in rent is not on $2 million, which is after taxes. You know, you talk about a, she probably brings home one point, 1.3, 1.4. Hmm. Yeah. You know, it all depends on the lifestyle that she wants to live. I mean, obviously, you know, you see her, she has designer on, so hey, I think as she gets a little older, she'll realize that, you know what, probably need to stash some of this money.


But the NBA salary is gonna increase. I mean, I mean I think the most you can make now is probably a quarter of a million. The top tier, you know, Skylar Diggins and Ewey and Asia, they're probably making that. But I mean, there're gonna probably be a time when the, the salary's, you know, probably time her and Caitlin, who knows that salary might be 300, $400,000. So I don't, I don't, I don't, I I don't get to tell people. 'cause you know, look, I was wasteful at one point in time in, in, in my career. And so it's just something that you just have to learn Ocho. Right. I mean it's, you know, she young. She young. She young. What time with time experience, you know, things will change what she enjoys now she won't enjoy five, 10 years, five years from now.


Right, right. Baldhead conversation we had today. I said what I, I, I said what I said, a friend of mine believes when God was passing out roles, men was giving harder roles and harsher punishment. Do y'all agree? Wait, Say that again? She said she had a conversation with a friend and a friend of mine believes when God was passing out roles, roles, everybody have a role to play. Men were giving harder roles and harsher punishment. Do you agree? Of course. Of course. But I, I, you know, when I think about the roles that men, men, men were given, I mean, I don't think there's any role that's more difficult than being a mother.


Okay, so you disagree Then? I I I kind of do. Yeah. I kind of do, but ain't no role. Ain't no role as difficult as that. And I, you know, Oh, you're having a baby. Yeah. You're having one and dealing with the child 24 hours And then having, and then having period cramps. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Bad be double up eating past and bag all them. Oh, Oh, can you hand me this? God Dang it. It's, yeah, it's difficult. It difficult. It's difficult. I'm on now. I think y'all be milking that day. Hey, look Don, they get on you now. I'm just saying, man, nigga, they be killing me.


Ocho have me going out there getting all kind of, I need some Advil. All you gotta get the ol, huh? Hey, get, get a warm heating pad. But they, no, no, no. I, I've been in situation where they period be so bad they be bombing. Oh yeah. Damn. So I was just kidding. I look obviously some light, some be heavy, but hey, unless you in somebody's body you don't know. Yeah. Yeah. You, because they like, oh, what, on a scale of one to 10, it is a 10.


It Is a 10. I've had to babe, well, shadow height broke my collar bone. 10 fractured my eye. So 10 dislocated me was 10 My hips, when the doctor, doctor would ask about my tail, the doctor is a 10, 10 tn or TI, both of them. 10. It hurt. That what hurts. So, yeah, I, I, I definitely think having to deal with, you know, once, I mean, think about it. You, they have this, they have this. Most women, not all, a lot of women have, you have a cycle and you start. So you probably can start as young as 11, I don't know, 10.


And then until you 55, You 55, maybe 60 every month, except when you're pregnant. So hell no. So imagine having a toothache once a month for 40 years. Damn. Women, y'all, I'm sorry. I'm sorry Wii. I apologize. Mm. I've always been sympathetic. I just wasn't bringing no pads or no tampons home. Listen, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't listen, I don't even have no choice.


Mm. I ain't get that. Nope. Randy Al said Uncle Ocho, your boy finally got divorced this past Tuesday. Will you guys please give me a shout out? Randy, bro. Damn, you seem really happy about that. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, Randy, I don't know why you happy, But we'll shout y'all. Hey Randy, con congrats. I mean, if, if congrats is in order, congratulations. Hopefully you and her came to an, an amicable settlement or an agreement if kids were involved. Hopefully this is what's best for the kids. 'cause at the end of the day, that's what matters. You guys are gonna be a part of each other's life if you have kids forever.


Yeah. And until no kids get 18 forever. So, so hopefully everything worked out really well for you, Randy. I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe congratulations in order, but as long as you're doing well and everybody, this is what's best for everybody. I wish you the best, bro. Ain't nothing out in these streets. Randy might wanna go back. Shit. KB said, Ojo, would you please give my husband Adam from Jacksonville birthday? Shout out. He just turned 40. He watches Nightcap every show trying to surprise him. Hey, Adam. Wife has said she wanted to wish you a happy birthday, Adam, but they Do What she said.


You watch us all the time, Adam, But they do. Why can you holler at your boy? Why you acting in Naville? Uv, all Duvall, stand up. That's Duvall County. Ville Florida, that's north Florida. But Adam, yeah. Thank you bro. We appreciate the support. Ocho and I are the entire Nightcap crew here. We greatly appreciate your support, happy 40th and wish you many, many more to come. Kay, thank you for reaching out Lamar Robinson. Hey, found out yesterday that my 4-year-old dog has non-curable lymphoma. It hurts trying to figure out how the hell to tell my 3-year-old daughter that he won't be around. How did you deal with that hurt, man? Sh Man y Yeah, Man, you man.


That feel like a, I feel like a family member that feel like a family member. When you lose a, when you lose a, a, a A pet. Yeah, I, I don't want, Man, I that man, please. Mm, I told you that's why I can't do no dog. It took me one day. It took me one two times to know what that pain feel like. But I don't wanna experience that no more. Man, boy, that thing hurt Ocho. You gotta tell me that thing hurt, hurt, hurt. And I get so, man, I get so invested in 'em and I, they be, I they be riding in the car and they'd be going every place. And man, you look forward to coming home. I mean, they're sad. They whine and they cry when you leave.


And they so excited. Like, bro, I ain't never think you was coming back. They get so excited to see you man. And just man, when the vet tell you that man, Woo, And all the money in the world can't do nothing for you at all. At all. Nothing. Nothing. And I even tried, I even tried to tell her, I even tried to tell her, I said, bro, if I could give you another year, I spent a million dollars. If I could just give you another year. A year? Mm mm man. Lemme go. I'm I I'm gonna be Ooh. Mm mm ocho ocho ocho guys, thank you for joining us for another episode that concludes our edition of episode.


Thank you for joining us. Again, the Dodgers advance to the World Series with a ten five win over the Mets. They'll face the Yankees, the New York Liberty, take down the Minnesota link to win their very first WNBA title and much I am your favorite. Uncle Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite 85 rot runner bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the all Pro. He's Ocho. Guys, make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And we thank you. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. We're gonna bend six to 14 to 16 stars at the end of the year.


And if we're not in a city or a state near you, you can order it is in stock and wait time will be minimal. Please make sure you follow my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out, UNC and OCHO ts are back in stock. People have began to receive their orders and we thank you for posting them on social media. We have some situations where some people received sizes that they didn't request. Some people got X, x, X and they ordered Triple X. Some people got Triple X and they ordered double X. We're gonna get, we're gonna rectify that situation as soon as possible. I don't think I need to go back through the other situation, but we thank you for your support. The Steelers beat the Jet 35 17.


The Chiefs remain undefeated. 28 18 over the 49 ERs. The Lions take down the Minnesota Vikings to knock them from the undefeated walk off field. Goal 31 29. Well not walk off, but with 10 seconds left on the clock, the Packers beat the Texans on a walk off field goal by Brandon McManus. 22 24 22. And the Bengals take down the Browns 2114 Deshaun Watson suffers what looks to be a very, very serious lower leg injury. The Eagles behind Saquon's Barkley 176 yards in a touchdown one run. He runs wild over the Giants 28 to three and the commanders dominate.


Although Jane Daniels left the game early in the ball game, they won the ball game 40 to seven over the Carolina Panthers. The bills defeat the Titans. The Seahawks defeat the Falcons. The Patriots lose to the Jags in London, 32 16. And the Liberty, again, the Liberty win. Their very first WNBA title and much taken down the Minnesota links. John Quel Jones is the finals. MVP. Congratulations ladies. Job well done. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after cards. We'll see you tomorrow after the cards charger and the Ravens bucks.


Peace The Volume. What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds To have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com Every day when you log into Chumba Casino dot com. The ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine if you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I chose French fries, overloaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care, I updated my operating System without Having to call tech support.


Collect your free daily bonus at Chumba Casino dot com now and live the jumbo life. BW group purchase necessary prohibit by terms and conditions. 18, Your teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You drive your teenager around a lot to their friend Jacob's house, their other friend Jake's house. To James's. To Jayden's to Jaylin's too. Oh Mom, this is Jake's house, not Jacob's. Now with an Uber teen account, your team can request a ride under your supervision. They'll ride with a highly rated driver and with live trip tracking, you'll follow along the whole ride to their friend's houses That all sound the same. Add your teen to your Uber account today. See app for details. Bye Mom.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use race to divide.


And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message paid For by Harris for President.