
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon, we are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in, in additional terms, apply.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping What's next In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. Would Others dismiss as niche? We embrace as core? There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts.


The volume. Okay. Who? Who? The two seed. The one seed was what it called. The two seeds were two. The Rocket, the rockets go, You know, I, I can see the Rockets making a play for kd. I can see them making a play for Giannis. Who do you rather go get yo Giannis or KD with that team? I already told you where Gianni's going? I don't know why we continue to bring this conversation. Where Gianni's going? Don't say Miami. He going to Miami.


That's what, that's what Ocho say. He going to Miami. Hey Rio, I done said that. You know, hold up Ocho before you go Rio, can you explain to Ocho how everybody can't play for Pat? Everybody can't play in, in, in, in Miami? Yeah. Everybody can't play for Pat. But I, I can see Giannis coming to Miami, but I don't think he will. I think, I think he stays in Milwaukee. Oh, you don't think he moved? I think he stays. What? But You know they're not gonna be able to get help. Go help for gonna able get because they, they ain gonna get somebody, I don't know who they going. They're gonna figure out something. They no drag picks. Hold on. Huh?


And they hurt. They ain't definitely hurt. You think I I go play till 26? Yeah, they matter. Who? They who? They, I don't know who they gonna get. Maybe there's nobody that's gonna make a difference. It's still gonna be a first round exit. Oh yeah. That ain't gonna happen. He ain't gonna win nowhere. He goes that ain't gonna happen. If he go to Miami, he not gonna win there. What if he go to go, what about Golden State? Are you keeping Jimmy or you getting rid of Jimmy? I Think you gonna have to get, You know where you can keep him Steph and Jimmy and Draymond. Because Draymond's doing an extension because Draymond was all de all first team all defense that takes, so he's due for Max and if you do that, well Max is only 25, 30 million for him.


Million. It's not over the top. But if you do that, you get rid of Jimmy. That takes away all your, all your offers. All, all what Golden State is known for from the slash brothers to the shooting. There's no more shooting there. So now what are we scared of Golden State for? We just put everybody on step and y'all gotta shoot twos while we still shooting a hundred threes again. Okay. Put everybody on Steph and, and Y's putting his head down. He gonna get 30, 13 and six a ninth. Yeah, we gonna come down shoot 63 is who gonna win. I like Steph. I mean look, I'm trying to, could he go to Houston? I like Houston. I like you with Houston. Like Houston too. I definitely like Houston. I think that'd be his best bet would be in Houston. Or I could say Miami.


I, I'm not gonna disagree. That's, thank you. Thank you. Very mental hero. That'd be a hell of a team. Lemme ask you a question. Are you, are, are you selling brick or mean? What do you trading? Brickle. You trade, trade South Beach. What the hell you trading for him? Because I don't want those pieces that, that that's not bam and that's not Tyler hero. You need to tell me what the hell you trade. He don't want a disgruntled superstar that can leave a free agency either. Alright. How many more years Yiannis got two. Hey, what'd you say? They trained what? Brickle, soy something. Eat rock the fountain.


So gotta go. So so part of Miami gotta go with it? Yeah, because when you look at it real, the only two assets that, that somebody really want is Bam. And, and Tyler. Yeah. Hey that was, that was funny. Okay. That was funny. But you don't want to disgruntle superstar either. I see Giannis being mad there. Oh look I got, first of all, I got this man right for the next two years. He has a player option 27 28. So I got him for two years. I'm not giving him away. You know it sometimes Rio, I'll be, I want to sell something but I'm not. Look, I know the value of this car, man. I ain't man you ain't even driving it. Don't worry about it. I'm driving right back in the garage. I backed it out so your punk ass can see it. Now if you not gonna gimme what I want for, I'll be drive it right back in the garage and you get your ass out by yo ain't gonna waste your time.


There ain't gonna be me back because they ain go, he don't have no help. You already got rid of his brother. Dam hurt. Chris Middleton gone. Nah, he was hurt. So we we wasn't gonna pay him. Now he healthy we bring him back. All right, good luck with that. We'll see how long that lasts. We gon we gonna, we gonna bring it back. We gonna bring it back. So yeah, I i it's just for me, I'm looking at the, the, the places where he can go Rio that have the assets. Brooklyn has the assets as far as draft picks. They don't have any young talent that I think Milwaukee would want. OKC got the draft picks and they got the talent.


But I don't think Sam pre is gonna wanna mess his, mess his core up with either one of them. Chu have the talent and the draft picks. The question is, and and I that's for Giannis or kd because you got Shung Goon who's an all NBA selection. He's an All star. I'm not getting, I'm not letting Ammond Thompson go Jabari from Mill Jr. Yeah. Okay. Draft pitch. Okay. Yeah. Who else they got Fred Fleet, Dylan Brick, they got Shung Go. They got to, they got Smith, they got Ja Jare. I, I would've let Thompson go.


You go Jay, you put Jay. Oh yeah, Joe Jaylen gre Yes. Jalen Greed. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay. For KD or Giannis? Yes. I, I would, I would package Jaylen gre. Okay. I can see that happening because you still build around what you got a nice old court because you still got Giannis and you still got kd. Keep it. I gotta keep Van Fleet for the simple fact I need, I need a point guard. I ain't gonna lie. If I'm kd I'm going back to KC that I, I don't think, I don't think Sam pre, first of all, I don't know. I don't know the relationship. Yeah, that's the basic thing with Sam and and kd. Kd what you hear is that Sam was more favorable towards Russ than kd.


I don't know if there's any truth to that, but You know, you here he left. I, and, and I can, I I'm not, I'm not messing up my core. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not real. I think Russ is but back there just because of officer free agency stuff. So I definitely see Russ being back at o KC for next year especially. He just signed that. I'm talking about kd You talking about, you talking about KD going No, I, I I know I'm talking about kd but I'm saying I definitely see Russ going back when you brought up Russ and Sam Presley, I definitely see him going back. But if I'm KD I would look at the KC situation. If I'm Presley, I don't think I would take it or if I'm kd I'm like yeah, I just go in there and be spot up shooting, let Shaa do thing. But if that's the case, go back to Golden State. They don't have it though.


They don't have enough. You don't think he and he and Steph who you gonna get rid of? Jimmy? Yeah, I would get getting rid of Jimmy for Ka. I'm running in the back with Jimmy just 'cause Jimmy brings a lot all around to the game and it makes it easier for Steph in that aspect. Katie, you gonna have to create more shots for kd, which is group. You don't need that many. But he gonna need some. Who gonna be, who gonna be the person to create a shot? Create a shot for him or you gonna have KD going one-on-one at 35, 36 years old? He good. Well because y'all gonna be, because they still worried about steal but they and Draymond, Hey Draymond gonna be fine. They'd be good.


I keep camming now, now, but I don't, I don't know if you can keep Minga because somebody's gonna walk. Kaing gone. Minga not messing with Kurt no more. He, he's so far gone. He camming might be down here on South Beach tomorrow. Where with us? He already out, he already out going, he done practic, he packed up his locker room and everything. He out there. He, he ain't play about Golden Smith. It, it was kinda like what we used to do Rio. We once we realized we weren't making the playoffs, man, last, last week or so, I was living a wholesale, started packing little by little. Hey it ain't no sense to be paying month rent. Hey nah, you good. I live, I I live, I live week to week in a hotel. I did that before. You finna lock me into a six extra six months, six to eight month deal?


Nope. I'm cool. So if you had, if you had to handicap, where do you Think you, where do you think Katie ends up? Where do you, where do you think Giannis ends up? Katie, I think he goes to Houston. Giannis, I think Gianni stays on the East coast. I think GNI stays somewhere on Miami. Ah, yep. We go maybe in New York, maybe to Knicks. Woo. Brooklyn would be tough just because they, they would have to rebuild everything around him. They don't really have the team to win, but they got the draft picks.


They just don't have, don't have the players. He, he, he worked, I mean he works all he, he might as well stay in Milwaukee just thinking about Brooklyn. But I could see him going to the Knicks. He end up over there. Wow. What, hold on. What you gonna, so you gonna let, what you gonna let go? You gonna let Kat go or you gonna let OG go? I mean what you letting go Renis? I'm gonna be og Go Mo, Markel Bridges, Mitchell Roberton. Who else? Anybody except you ain't got no draft. You ain't got no draft picks 'cause you gave her four draft picks to get Mikhail Bridges. That's okay. So you ain't got no draft capital. That's okay. All you got is players. That's okay. We'll give rid of them four players. We'll be all right. Three of them four players. When we get Giannis we'll be all right. Damn You, you just gutted your depth.


That's okay. We trying to win now we Giannis, Giannis, Brunson and Cat. That's a, that's a hell of a big three. That's a, that's a big lineup behind Brun. Now all you gotta do is find some shooters, some knockdown shooters. You go get a person like what is you go get a person like Cam Johnson maybe find some, find some way will find somebody that's, that's a Duncan Robinson. Maybe somebody that's out there that can just help spread the floor. That's all you need when you gotta those three guys. 'cause your offense gonna go through them. Well, considering that a a, a cat would like to be at the three point line and don't have to worry about it. So yeah, he'll be kind. Yeah, me please. Because Janni, Giannis is gonna need that space. Yas gonna need that space to get down here, put Jannis in the post and then let him work to work through the post there.


Are you afraid? Because You know what? Brunson has a very high usage. Giannis has a usage. Are you concerned that the Giannis needs the ball? Brunson needs the ball. Both are most effective when they have the ball in their hand. No, I feel like they can work that out. They can figure that out because it's just them two. There's nobody else really handling the ball. Cat don't need to handle the ball. He just need to catch it in his sweet spot. So now when, when Brunson taking his break, you got Giannis handling the ball. When Giannis is taking his break, you got Brunson handling the ball. Now when it comes to the fourth quarter, first time I got both of 'em. Gianni's getting the rebound, pushing it. Brunson go spot up. Brunson get the rebound. Gianni's taking down or he's in the paint. Now you got three or four people helping him. Brunson pulling up for three.


So it, it is ways to figure it out. It's just like when LeBron and D Wade play together. It's ways to figure out when you got two ball handlers and then just the two ball handlers. Real make it sound so simple. D the done the i It it is simple. I tried listen, I tried to explain it Ain't simple Ocho it's not simple because it's, you got two apps. It's all about buying egg. Thank you. You want to buy in, you wanna win. That's, He just explained it to you. He just, he gave you a few examples of people that have done it in the past. You know, But you but you but you didn't hear what he said. He says it's all about buying then. Yeah. And it's a lot easier said Yeah or I could do it, I can quit. But we, I give a prime example.


The Players we talking about, we talking about Jalen Bruss. We got talking about Giannis two players that are going to buy in. Okay everybody, I remember everybody said it don't matter what I do at the Olympic team, long as we bring the gold medal. Now we've had two guys that come out and say they was upset about what The playing time, right, the Biden in. Now you just said buy in. It's completely different. This is because there's only two players. There's only two people. It was Only two players. I mean One of them had a reason. They had, look at the $5 son had a reason just 'cause of the season that he had just came off of. So I, I understand his complaint, but at the same time he wasn't better than nobody playing in front of him. Hey, he said I was better the holiday and Derrick White that was playing in front.


But you don't bring what they brought to the game. We don't need you to score. I would've We don't need you to score. We need you to go play in defense. No, I I'd have played defense. I'd have played defense. I would, you would've We need you to do that. Go ahead. Go ahead and see. You told me. See you telling me what I won't do. I'm telling you I'm trying to buy in. I'm gonna buy in. I'm buying name Coach said, told you what you wouldn't do. All of them. All of them. Hey it's, but it, it's a lot easier said than done. We done seen a lot of guys on your, ah man, I just wanna win. No, you wanna win and get your 30. You wanna win and get your eight for 1 52 touchdowns. That's the way you win. You wanna your way. Giannis has now more first team all NBA selections than Kevin Durant.


Giannis has seven, KD has six. What more does Giannis need to do to pass KD all time? I don't think it's possible. Really. I don't think it's possible just because I look at wow Katie's skillset and like there's nobody gonna be a skillset as Katie's wearing ball handling be shoot the ball better get to the spots he's gonna get to. I don't think there's gonna be another Greek freak either. But you honest the offense game is not polished enough like K's for him to be better than kd. So you just looking at aesthetically, I'm just looking at that. When I look at somebody and I say who's better than somebody I look at, I put 'em in a one-on-one matchup and see who, who would dominate that one-on-one matchup to the game to five.


And I think KD would get Giannis 5 4, 5 3 Maybe I just got 'em figured just offensively better. Wow. What happens if GNI gets the ball first? Same thing. I think K still figured out a way. I think K gets to stop before hi one on one. 'cause Giannis is all downhill now. We playing three or four Dr. We exactly. So how k stop it. We playing three or four dribbles downhill. Oh okay. You know what I'm saying? We play play D now you gotta tell me the rules. You gotta tell me the rules. Yeah. DA players play. We play one on one, three or four dribbles max. So in that type of setting, I'm not taking Giannis over kd. I'm not taking too many people over KD in that type of setting.


Okay. When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon, we are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with pay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is That. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to wear media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports. Collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Giannis has five first team all defensive four, first team K. Katie has none. Katie has does have two finals. MVP Giannis has one. It is, huh? No, Doug y Giannis has two regular season MVPs. Katie has one that's gonna be very that's gonna be very interesting. That's gonna be very interesting when their careers Yeah, he gonna have a hell of a career. Like that's, that's the thing. But it's still, you're not better than KI think. I think, You know what I think a lot of that has to do with aesthetically because we like guys that can handle the ball. Shoe flashy.


I mean there's nothing like really Yoda's game is really like old school super point 1970, You know, just trying to get down here opposed, I mean, yeah, he's still, I mean he don't, three point doesn't shoot that. Well he ain't really got no midrange. His post is not great. He's basically getting downhill, laying the ball up. You foul it or he's spinning, dunk the ball. Right. That's honest. It's still hard to stop 'cause he is averaging 30, shooting 60% from the damn floor. So it's still hard to, he's still afraid it's just not as pleas they're still freak. Yeah, it's just not as pleasing to the eye as what we watch KD do. Yeah, you, you comparing two different players in two different skill sets all together and, and that, that at that point, regardless of accolades and what, what they've accomplished on their resume, it depends on, it's all on preference at that point.


Yeah. I got, I I I see that. I see that it's, it's but whose impact, who's impacted the game more? Oh shit, that's, damn they the same almost, Huh? Yeah, I think that's a tough one right there. 'cause lemme ask you this. If I take, if I take KD out and put Giannis in there with Clay, Steph and Draymond, do you still believe they win the NBA championships?


Yeah, I I, yeah. I I still get, I'm think about the sport aspect, but yeah, I still give it to him. 'cause then that way you take Eddie, Donald doesn't have to guard Brown by himself. Now you got two or three bodies that can guard Brown and that's going to be a little bit different. So yeah, I still give it to Golden State. Now if I take KD and I put him on Milwaukee the year they wanted the wheel, they wanted to beat Phoenix. You think they still win the championship with KD and Giannis out? I mean, they barely got past Brooklyn, so Oh yeah. I I think so. I, I I definitely think so. Kd if he just stepped on that line, Milwaukee don't win that championship.


That's, that's gonna be a, when it's all said done, that's gonna be a very interesting conversation. That's gonna be a very, very interesting conversation to have because they are so diametrically different. Nothing, nothing about one's game reminds you of. The other one is, as you said, Rio is one of the most skilled players. One of the five most skilled players that we've probably ever seen with this size being seven foot tall, being able to handle the ball. He could shoot the three, he can got, he got the mid, he got the, he he can fit, get to the rim, he can fit free throws. He's a 88, 80 9% free throw. So he's, he's as as skilled because guys that side, they normally play center, they play the back to the basket.


We ain't see no guy shoot and Dirk could shoot the ball. Dirk was not putting it on the ball going between his leg, going between behind his back doing what K's he just wasn't doing it. Not even close. I mean Dirk had that Dirk patted at that one leg step back, he shoot it, it's gonna draw rain. But at skill you, I don't know if you're ever gonna see a guy at, at his size and killed his kd his ability because of just for his ability to shoot the right and I agree show that one shams is predicting that LeBron, the LeBron's next season, the NBA will be his last, which will be a poetic end to number 23.


Year 23 for number 23, they have the All Star weekend in Los Angeles. So to me it's a very stored book if that's the way it goes. But that's a decision he's gotta make real, you just watched the man in year 20 twos make second team, all the NBA if you'd, if he'd have made first team, I don't think anybody's mad if you put him in over Donovan Mitchell. Donovan got in, bless it, he averaged 24 8 and eight. He doesn't really have to do the heavy lifting anymore because of Luca. So he's, he and, and ar is still there. So now you put him in the dunker spot, you let him play off the ball, he's still going to be in the 20 points. How long do you think LeBron wants to play?


How long is he going to play? I'm always saying he was gonna play until Bryce got in the league. So when Bryce goes to Arizona next year, that'll be year 23. So in order for him to play with Bryce, he's gotta be 2024. So I give him 24, 25. Yeah. And if you get 24, you got out 20, he ain't 20. It's like, I ain't worried about nobody getting 25 years and if you get to 25, you might as well get 30. Nobody can hold up. So you might as well keep talking. How long? At 20? At 2023. That'll be 41, 24. That'll be 42, 25. That'll be 43. That's the same age Tom Brady was when he retired.


20, You know, 25 years of no profession. That's, that's that's legit. That's a long man. You a doc or a lawyer, you get that many times. Or, or or and you are the damn military. Right, exactly. So You know, It's, it's, and not only to, not only to play that long, but To be dominant that long too, to play at that level, Be consistent. It would be one of the best, The average 24 points a game in year 20 twos. There are some guys that didn't average 24 points for a career. There are some guys that didn't, didn't, I mean never had a season in which they average 24. This guy's in year 22 doing that. Right. When you look, when you, when you look at it, look being around the game, your dad coached the game.


So you've been around basketball all your life. What do, what do you think is the most impressive thing that you, that will LeBron is doing? Is it the year 22? Is it the ability to go out there and still give you average 24 to go out there and give you a game where he can give you 30 average, You know, for a week, give you 30 straight go get you 40? What is, what do you think is the most impressive thing at this juncture? We look all, all the 21 time first team, all NBA 21 times All Star. So we get all that. But I'm talking about what you're witnessing now. What do you think the most impressive thing that you've seen him and you, you was with him for four years, you watched him every single day, come in, get shots up, run cold tub, massage, that you saw it all real, what do you think the most impressive thing that LeBron is doing currently?


I always said that the way he took care of his body, the way he paid attention to his treatment and stay on schedule with that, that that, that attest to his longevity of never really being hurt or having a major injury. So just the way his body's held up, like his skillset is gonna be his skillset. He pushed the work in you. He, you see him putting the work in after games or after practice. He is always the last one shooting or someone getting up shots or working on different moves. So the way, what he puts into the games is when he gets out and also what's he puts into his body is when he is getting outta his body. So to me it's just the longevity of, You know, being that sensitive of no injuries, no major injuries, bouncing back and still being healthy enough to, to do what you do and then do every day.


You was with him, LeBron got there. So you was there, you was with him 11, 12, 13, 14. Did you have, when you was there with him, did you have any idea that LeBron James would still be playing 12 years later? No I didn't. Just because like, I tell people this all the time. LeBron would really get treatment if he was in the club. Like he would literally have something on his knees or something on his back inside the club. So it's like once somebody's doing that, like that's a real dedication because just to be in the club with treatment, ice therapy people, whatever, just say hello real. This guy got ice bags, ice bags, ice bags on his ceiling like the stem machine where it's like shooting electrolyte or electric electricity in your knees and stuff like that.


Just hamstrings like lower back. Like he always got something that's recovering making his body recover. So that's the thing, it's like once you see that, like that's a different type of dedication. Like I'm not, I had to take my hat off to that one. Wow. Wow. Alright Rio, we gonna get your hat on this one. The big, the big three season eight tips off June 14th live on CBS Vice TV at iHeartRadio. Your team Miami's 3 0 5 will face off against Nick Young and Dwight Howards LA Riot for the first game of the season. Tickets are available now@thebigthree.com slash tickets. That's big three.com/ticket.


Who, who's on your, hold on, are you with Beasley? You and Be Beasley? Me Beasley Lance and, and, and Lance Steven, right? Lance Steve, sir Lance, Reggie Evans and Sean Williams. Hey Buddy. Y'all don't need no extra body, no extra legs or nothing. Yeah, we can always use some extra bodies but You know, I think we got it pretty much taken care of this year. You know, we, we hungry, we, we got something to prove. So Shit, I don't know Joe. Say Joe, say the Detroit team Joe and Pargo, they say hey man, You know ISO Joe that's, he, he tailor made for the big three. Yeah, but he gotta deal with the MVP and that's what we got on our team. So who, who beat you be easy. So that's what I'm saying. Hey Mario.


Hey y'all, y'all down? Y'all in the crib? Y'all down here at the crib Man? Yeah, we down right now. Where y'all practice? I'm coming. We, we be at u sometimes we was up there today. It just depends what time the trainer get there. But we usually be at, Oh shit, I'm coming tomorrow. Well I'm coming at down. I'm, I'm have my truck coming. Y'all don't, y'all don't y'all, y'all don't, y'all don't, y'all don't need nobody. Hey Rio man, thanks for joining us man. Appreciate it. We really, really appreciate you taking time out your schedule. We know you busy got a lot going on, but to take time out to help us break down this game and talk about all things NBA, we greatly appreciate it. When you're not too busy, stop back by again man. Appreciate it. Just let me know. After the Lakers got bounced, JJ Reddick emphasized that the team needed to be in championship shape, shape.


While he didn't mention names, many took the comments of the clear message to Luca. Well, weeks later, Luca made a significant public appearance. Luca made his first significant public appearance by attending real Madrid's basketball game and posted these on ig. You think that's ai ai That's what about to ask. Exactly. It's no way he, hell he lost that rate that fast. And why the hell he ain't doing it during the season? Hey, that, that's And that's what I'm, hey, I don't, I don't care what he look like right now. I'm talking about when he come back to play, not when he look like this. When he come back to play. Hey, hold on. Hey, hey you uncle jail. You think he took that Olympic Olympic?


Huh? You see? Nah, nah, he, I he ain't on. No, I don't Think you can't, I don't Think you can take that as, as the NBA player. I Have a question. Okay. You can't take that as an NBA player, right? How many weeks they been out? They been outta season what? Three, two, If that a month. It ain't been that damn long for him To look like it ain't been that long for you to lose all that weight like that. I'm telling he Probably took that Olympic stuff. I'm telling you Man, You know what's crazy? Like I've watched him, like when you watch him play with his national team, he always looks thinner. He does. Then he comes back to the United States and it's like he's eating yeast rolls and pasta. But the American food, I mean you look at Europeans, they're not as big as Americans and something about the food eating he eat, hell eating a lot of, I mean you don't, I mean if you go, if you go to Europe, you not gonna see as many and You know people that's that's a little heavier.


You don't see a whole bunch of them. Yeah. So he, he doing something man, I don't know if it's now jail, You know this, their bodies are gonna be their bodies. They're not gonna be sculpted, they're not gonna have abs, they're not gonna have caps on their shoulders. They're not gonna have that mu they all look alike. I've never seen here a peer player with muscles. You look at Yoki, you look at Luca, you look at Manu, you look at Zoo box, you look at any international player, tell me the one Sooni tell me the one you say, okay, caps on his shoulder ripped up calf. They, that's how they look. There's only one that's Janice that I I think is yeah, Janice Gianni's got that Nigerian base.


There's a difference. You know, my base is is based in Nigeria. So he, he coming from a d the foundation not stock. Right. It was a little different than what the Europeans, what y Luca and Yoki and Manu and all those guys came out of. But he looks good. But like I said, I I don't worry about a guy right now and he ain't gotta play for another four, five months. I wanna see him look like this when he come back. Well it is, it's strange that he would say that now if it wasn't a lot of truth to everything we heard coming outta Dallas. Yeah. And You know, when you look at him, you got Kinesio tape everywhere. Yeah, yeah.


Like he, he, he's not at 25 and I mean not at 20. You should have Kinesio tape. You shouldn't be a putting together like, hey, like my, like my grandma coffee table when we growing up. You shouldn't look like that. You know what I'm saying? We had that black electrical tape holding up everything, You know. But I'm saying he had Kinesio tape at 23, 24. He's 26 now. I'm like bro, why you need all that to hold you together? But you remember now he he missed 91 92 games the last two seasons. Yeah, you're right. He's missed a lot of games at an early age and You know, clearly it's something behind when you let a a, a talent like that leave at 25 years old, it's a hell of a lot of things gotta be happening behind the scenes, You know, to say, You know what, we are not even going after draft picks.


You know, we're not, we just want to go get, You know, get, get one player that basically a one for one, one for one and we, and we ain't gonna have no more conversations. So that, that said a lot. But you can see where Dallas trying to go with it. It's a risk. You got 'em number one pick this year. We'll see how that turns out, You know, with the rest of the bigs. I do believe that they're gonna have to probably move some other, some, some pieces to bring on another piece. So you're not gonna have Kyrie to start next. Hell, you probably won't have Kyrie the first half of the season next year. Exactly. I I don't think Kyrie coming back till in January. Well, You know, he do a lot of, he do a lot of meditating and a lot of, You know Yeah. I mean it's easy on him. He gotta torn acl and it's not like it's a big man that he gotta get up and down.


Kyrie is thin frame. I mean, theoretically he could, I mean it could be seven months because I When did he tear that? He, he towards me in what, late March? Yeah, something April, may, June, July, August, September, October, November, December. Yeah, I I see him probably coming back late December by the early, early January jail. Yeah. He hadn't been, but You know, when you think about it, he hadn't been a player that will rush back anyway. Nope. Right. In his career. So he's, he's gonna make sure he's, he's he's ready to go. But again, when he's right, he's, he's, he's one of the best always spectacular. What do you think the Lakers need to do? What is there big, if there's somebody you think the Lakers can get or should get in order to give them a great opportunity to compete for a title?


Because at this point in time, I mean that's all LeBron is really playing for. Here's, here's my question is, can the Lakers be the Lakers with LeBron having the ball in his hand at a lesser level? Right. Can You know, and even with Yage, I mean, You know what I mean with, with Luca, You know, can, can you have a third person that can take some of the pressure off of those two? Right? Because the thing, the problem is when those two have the ball in the hand, the majority of the time, and obviously LeBron is a different monster, You know, he can make things happen, get downhill, but the ball does stop.


And so can you have somebody else that make life easier for those two, right? Because LeBron is 40 plus years old, right? He's not gonna be able to have to, he he's not gonna be able to carry the load like he's typically carried, even though he can still go for, You know, 30 or 40. But you're gonna need, you'll need a third person that can really make things easier. And I'm not sure how they do it with the cap issues that they have, but we'll see. But I, I don't think they have enough right now. I think they're gonna be seventh, eighth, ninth plan, You know, type of deal. And then I'll make a move. Oh, they gotta make a move. I think the thing is, first of all, this is what we know. LeBron is better without the ball than Luca. Luca cannot play off the ball. LeBron can play off the ball. 'cause you're not putting Luca in the dunker spot.


You're not, you're not gonna do, there's certain things you're not gonna do. And prior to this playoffs, Austin Reeves was that guy that gave him a break. 'cause we saw Austin Reeves go get 40 against Indiana and without Luca and LeBron. So I don't know what happened. The reports saw that he had an injury, he got nicked at some point in time, late in the season or maybe got nicked in that playoff series and he wasn't as as impactful as he needed to be. I thought they had an opportunity in game. What was that? Was that game three? Yeah, game three. That, but he ended up playing LeBron them 46 minutes and he just wore 'em out. You got to get, bro, you playing, first of all, LeBron had already played like 41 minutes in game two. Yeah. And then you turn around and burn.


Burning 46 in game three. Yeah. You got, look, I don't care what 40-year-old, he cannot Yeah, there ain't been a 40-year-old created Yeah, that could play 40 in a playoff game after coming out for 41 minute. But that's what, that's, so Phoenix had that idea of that third person, Bri being Bradley Bill obviously Brad Bradley Beal hadn't been healthy, but I'm talking about an impact player, You know, coming in and supposedly having that, that level of impact on the team where those guys, You know, hell maybe Brian be able to take a couple more nights off, right? Yeah. And impactful. I just think, You know, right now it's only downhill now because Brian is putting up some so many significant numbers from perspective of, of just scoring, having to score, assist, rebound, set the table to turn the bus on, You know, feed the kid still 20.


Yeah, he's still 24, 8 and eight. But the problem is they need a big Yeah, because you can't start Rudy at the five and LeBron at the four, or LeBron at the five and Rudy at the four because you see Rudy Gobert look like Shaq 2027 and 24. You can't, they they, they're, they're just too small. Jackson Hayes, you the only, I mean for whatever reason JJs like, hell, the hell with it, Jackson, we're not gonna even play you in game five. And he only played marginal minutes in game four. So with that being said, I thought to Mark Williams, I don't know why they, they, they nullified the trade, but I thought he would've been a big addition for them jail because they need a big Luca leaves a law threat if you go back and look, study Luca, look at Luca.


He's his best when he has a law threat. Yeah.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon, we are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade In and additional terms apply


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream goal, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm gonna tell you right now, man, like, I don't know, I don't know why the NBA is getting away from the veteran stuff. Yeah, you got a guy like I, I used Dwight Howard, he always seemed to be in shape, You know, looking for a guy to get rebounds, block shots and defend him and, and he did a better job against Rudy Gobert than Jackson Hazel. Anybody else did. A hundred percent right. I just think that he's A bigger body too. Bigger body, right? And he's, and and he's a savvy veteran. He's been one of my, one of the best defenders, You know, all the time when it come down to protecting that rim and, and getting and rebounding the basketball. But You know, again, most teams don't seem to wanna go get better in players. And I don't, I'm not sure, You know, the NBA needs to, needs to put in a rule right now because if you want the product, when you talk about the issues with people watching the NBA and and, You know, and, and the, You know, ratings going down, it's because you got the young, leading the young.


Mm. Right? So you don't have, You know, you don't, you don't even have to have a, you can take a role of a player coach role, right? And take that off, off the cap, You know, the NBA can do anything, right? You can give the union, they can make it work, put people in place that helps develop, You know, and you got, you look at Jackson Hayes and they had another, they signed another Alex Lynn. Alex Lynn, right? If you bring Yes, he, he, he should be the, he should be the tallest high school or college coach next year. Well, this, but this is what I'm saying. This is what I'm saying. Huh? If you have a, let's just call it Dwight Howard, let's use him for example, right? Yes. You have somebody in there mentoring this, these, these young boys and, and, and getting them and having them understand the importance of everything they do, or some parents do, then you in a better situation, right?


You're not saying you gotta go pay 'em $5 million, but just, You know, just don't, don't, don't put a be on, on, on, on, keep him off the team because you have to pay him a little bit more because he is a veteran, this creator or JA or Jaelle McGee. Jaelle McGee was available. That's what I'm saying, bro. Why not? I mean, so, so you is the NBA doing similar to what the NFL is doing also Unc Yeah. They really going young. Yeah, they really going young and, and doing away with all the veterans outside of quarterback a a Pacific quarterback that is still getting an opportunity to play regardless of age, but Right. It's like the NFL. The LNB. Yeah. Because, You know, the minimum Ocho with a certain number of years is a million dollars.


Well, you get a guy right outta college or a first you guy pay him 300, 400,000, right? Save six. Oh, what's But what's 600,000 when you bring, when you get, when you making 300 million? Right? I I don't, I don't get that. Well, yeah, I guess what the question of basketball, I mean is, You know, do you, do you really wanna win? I mean, does it matter? I mean, You know, most of, most of the, You know, You know, basketball's not like football where you have historical, You know, families that's involved with these teams, right? Basketball's not that right. Basketball, matter of fact, the majority of the NBA now is new ownership. Right? And so from a perspective, You know, what is it that, what is the real purpose, right? Is it, You know, invest into, You know, invest into a team, let the value grow, then sometime down the road sell it, get up off it, right?


Yeah. Because you, that's, that's the difference. Because if you look at the NFL, a lot of these, a lot of these owners now some of these owners now have other things, but for the longest time, Jo and Ocho, these were family runs business. These were mom and pop shops, that's all they had. Now you look at guys, teams, people that buy teams now, that's not their number one business. That team is not their number one business. Yeah. The aldermans that just bought the Dallas Mavericks, they're gambling. That's their number one business. You look at a guy that bought the Sacramento Kings, you look at Steve Bomber who bought the Clippers, that was not his number one business. Now that's what he does now. But he is worth a hundred bi, a hundred billion. Yeah.


So he spent two. So that's not what it is. Not like the NFL, it's not like the Hunts. Now the Hunts have other things, but it's a family. But for the most part, NBA is, is, is, is a lot. Now they're not family. These young, these tech guys, these guys that made money investing in Silicon Valley and things like that, they're the one that's buying the team. They're not like, I don't know, I'm trying to think who's the oldest. So you're not gonna find somebody like the, like the, like the McClaskey that owned the Bears. Her dad, Virginia McClaskey, she just passed away. Her dad, George Hallis, founded the Bears, passed it down.


You ain't gonna find that in NBA. You're not gonna find the Rooneys, like the Steelers on since 1933. You're not gonna find that like the marrows. When did the Giants, when did Dolan buy the Knicks? Or was the Knicks down to him? No, he had, I think, no, he, I think he had his dad that, yeah, that's so he made me the only one. But he might, yeah, he might be. No, what'd you call him? Jeanie Bus, genie Bus. Her dad Si what? 70? I think he bought the team in 79. So he might be the longest standing. That was his dad, right? Yeah. He passed down. Yeah. Brown. The Brown too, huh? Yeah. But when, You know, Jimmy had, yeah, no Bengals, Mike Brown, he got passed down to his dad.


You by, he took over from his, for his dad. So they just passed, passed it down. Now these, these tech people coming in there with four, five, $6 billion and it's, it's, it's gone. I know. Yeah. You know, the Waltons just, You know, brought the Broncos. I mean, he's worth a hundred billion. What's, what's a hundred? What's, what's 4 billion to him? We just saw Josh Harris, he just bought, he just purchased the commanders last year over six, what? Six and a half billion. He also owned the 76 ERs. So it's not, it's, it's different. It's, it's a different time now. But I agree with you, Joe, I think they should have a, a defense on the team to help these young guys understand and navigate their way through.


I, I think they, I think they're doing a better job. The pa of both PAs of having guys understand money. Like, bro, you're not a doctor, you're not a lawyer, you're not gonna have a 20 year career. Right. Your average year, the average career is about three and a half years. Yep. Three and a half. So even when you factor in to Brady, that played 23 and you factor in Peyton Manning that played 9 18, 19 and Drew Rees and, and Rogers and all these guys, a lot of guys just playing one year. A lot of guys not even playing at all. So it comes, wittle, wittle it, whittled it down to three and a half years. Yeah, bro, you gonna be 25. Hmm. And that's the job that you're probably gonna have for the next 20 years.


It's not gonna be in the NBA, the MLB or, or, or You know, whatever the case may be. Whatever the pro profession you starting in, there's a good chance by the time you're 25 you are gonna have another job and it's not gonna be a professional athlete. Yeah. I think too, man, You know, football is obviously significantly different in basketball. Right? You guys draft for exact need. Yes. And every pick is a value pick. Right. I think sometimes, right now in basketball, You know, they're drafting, You know, best available. Even though you might have, you might draft a point guard and you got three already on the roster. Right. And so, You know, I think that's the difference in basketball where, You know, when you talk about those two or three years or or four years, it's, it's a change of the guard happening in the NBA because you don't, you don't get a lot of time.


And if they send your ass down to the G League and you lottery pick that already telling you where you at and what they thinking. Yeah. Dang. Yep. J we're gonna get you outta here on this. You're the head coach at Dynamic Prep High School in Irving, Texas. Max Prep announced that Dynamic Prep finished number one in the final top 10 high school basketball ranking. Joe, when you were playing, did You know, always knew you wanted to be a head coach? And what's that journey been like for you? Listen, bro, I had no idea that I was coach until I was a head coach, to be honest. But it's been, man, honestly, it's been one of those things where, to be completely honest with you, man, like I, You know, I was kind of dealing with some stuff.


I was dealing my own personal issues when it came to, You know, I had a little abandonment issue, You know, growing up, You know, I met my dad when I was 30 years old. He died 13 months later. I was 13 years into the NDA when that happened. So I've always struggled a little bit with this thing and, and, and then obviously after the deal happened in, in Detroit, I started, You know, I didn't, I didn't love playing as much anymore Okay. Because of every day. And so when I was done, I wanted to just go and be with kids. Okay? Just give back what was given to me. I was fortunate enough when I was a young, when a young boy had Xavier McDaniel start a little teen in Columbia, South Carolina type.


Yep. When gave back Alex English had some camps I used to go to. So I just wanted to give, You know, give back to kids man. And I just really put my head down and, and just started, You know, investing into the community that way. And it's been, we've had an amazing run, You know, with the Drive Nation Club, You know, we've had a bunch of lottery picks and first round picks and even second round picks over the last eight, eight, You know, eight years. And I don't, You know, I, I feel like I need to start a school, which is more of an impact 'cause you get 'em five days a week versus, You know, two or three days a week when it comes to club. So, You know, I I, I'm energized about it. Honestly, I don't know how long I'm a coach. I'm a coach right. Next year. But I do believe that, You know, you have to give back.


If you have knowledge and ability to give back to your community, man, you gotta give, you gotta give you, take those tools and give back to these young kids. Not only these kids, but most importantly these parents that don't quite understand what it is. You know, when it comes down to the business of being a pro and the, and the pro shit that you gotta do every day to become a pro and not skip steps. And so that's the reason why, You know, I do what I do and that's why I started Dynamic Prep was you just gotta be honest with him. Your son not gonna be LeBron James. He not gonna be Steph, he not gonna be Michael Jordan. Because You know, every, every, everybody, every, every parent think they kid is that kid. But You know what Uncle I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you the truth. Okay. For the first time ever, I hear more parents talk about NIL than they talk about the pros.


Oh yeah. Really crazy. They worried about their money. You got parents that, that are looking to retire off their kids going to college. And so when you look at the product, right, right. You at the product now and, and You know, when you talk about the pros, the deterioration of it is happening at, at the youth level. Mm. Right. And so now you got everybody in place running to go grab kids and I got this, I can get you a deal. I, and so the parents are so, their mind is so, so, so physical, so frazzled that they can't think appropriately. So they making decisions based off the economics of what they're hearing, not knowing that that, that that true that true money percent is Right.


2% anyway, getting the money everybody ain't getting, ain't getting all that. Right. Right. Yes. And so that's the thing where we try to, we try to bring some, some real positive information and tools and attach your day to day with what you say you're trying to get to. Right. And so for us, our job is to continue to invest into the community to show people, Hey look man, this is about to work. If you do think about Ocho when you guys coming through, you wasn't worried about when you going to where you, where you was gonna be chosen. Right. Because you was good. Yeah. I was already chosen. Right. That's what I'm saying. So yeah, we worried about the reps in the work that we gotta put in. I absolutely making no all star game or getting picked for this or getting picked for that to, that was coming no matter what.


I just gotta figure out can my schedule handle it? Right? Right. But right now, people are willing to stop working to try to, to try to talk about or try to get something they ain't investing. No, no, no, no sweat equity into from the start. And so that's what's problematic about everything and that's why you see in the transition happen so hard or, or be is becoming so hard. And that's why college now coaches are saying we only trust 25 year olds. Yeah. You don't trust high school kids no more. 25 year olds, they actually in trouble by now. Yeah. And they'd been and started asking that. I mean, You know, people was asking, I, I remember hearing the question. Well, Blake Griffin was so good, why did he go back for sophomore seat?


What I mean, You know, if, if if a guy's good o is like a basketball, if a guy don't come out after his freshman year, well man, he must not be that good. I mean, you're not going, you're never, you're never gonna see another Tim Duncan. You are not gonna see a four year superstar like that. Mm. You're not. You're just not. It's not gonna happen. The volume


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift cards sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied for 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade. In and additional terms apply.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.