
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill ride shot with IMAX film Cameras. Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk, hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for you from brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.


The Volume UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all glitz and glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any of the action at Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evilly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with Jab Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up. Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweep details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boo mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund


On April 18th. Centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed. Starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Quin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent


blending Vice signature Dynamic storytelling with High octane world of sports. Vice Sports brings exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game. From gripping behind the scenes documentary to hard hitting investigative pieces and in-depth profiles of athletes, coaches, and teams. Vice sports capture raw energy, drama and passion that makes sports truly unforgettable. Recent vice sports premieres include Brady versus Belichick. The verdict with host Christopher Mad Dog Russo. Two original docuseries Patino Red Storm Rising Kalari Razor's Edge, dark side of the cage, the grudge, and the sixth season of the hit show, dark side of the ring. And that's not all. Vice TV is bringing live sports action to your screen with Arena football one and bare knuckle boxing field. The adrenaline of arena football one where fast-paced action and high flying plays. Take center stage in thrilling high energy environment, then brace yourself for raw unfiltered intensity of bare knuckle boxing where every punch counts and the stake are higher than ever. These live events bring excitement and unpredictability of sports into your living room, no holds bars. Whether you're a diehard fan or a casual viewer, vice sports offer fresh, bold perspective you won't find anywhere else. Catch these action packed live events alongside exclusive sports programming only on Vice tv. Go to vice tv.com to find your cable channel.


Oh Joe, yo. Bill Belichick admitted not drafted. Lamar Jackson in 2018 was a major mistake. Belichick said, took Sonny Michelle one pick before Lamar was selected with the 32nd pick of the overall draft. I mean, that ain't the only, I mean, there have been plenty of mistakes. Hell, whoever, all 28 teams that didn't draft Randy Moss. That was a mistake too. It's, it, it is hindsight. It's a magnificent side. It's easy to say. But hold on. If they'd have thought Lamar Jackson was gonna be this, they'd have took him. Number One been number one. It's easy Ocho it's easy to look back. I should, I should have put 500,000 to a million in Netflix.


I should have put 500,000 to a million in Google. Right. It's easy to look back now. Yeah, They threw the roof. Yeah. Yeah. You ne you never know. That's why it's no, why Cole taking the chance of taking a gamble. Get it. What about those stocks that we thought, what about the blockbuster stock that I had? Can I sell your blockbuster right now? Ocho? What the hell? Or a OL? Anybody interested in a OL? Yeah. Come on man. That's crazy. Look, Coach is easy. I mean, hindsight is a magnificent science because you have the luxury of knowing now. Right? What you didn't know then, then. Yeah. Well For help, who could live that life like that?


Ocho who could live their life like that? We go back. So You know what Ocho Yeah. Think about it. Just say, okay, we go to a bigger school, Hey, with our talent, we'd probably be a top 10 pick. We gonna get a qua. Hey, now we got millions coming out. We'll get to a contract even sooner. We got more. Come on man. Fuck you. Make yourself sick doing that. Come on. As, as a scout, as a scouting, as a gm. How do you look at Lamar Jackson at Louisville College and pass on that with and pass on based on what you see. I don't care what, I don't care what the people say. I don't care what the media said about him being a runback. How do you pass on that? Understanding how dynamic he can be, how dynamic he was Because they didn't view him as a quarterback man. They wanted a man to work out as a wide receiver.


Ocho what does that tell you? You had some prominent GMs that drafted great, historically great players said, I see him as a wide receiver. Remember they wanted Tim Tebow to work out at tight end. So you, you can understand why. I mean, it's just like the guy that took Yoic in the second round. Right. If they knew that, then it took Yoic in the first overall pick if You know he gonna be a three time MVP. Yeah. But I'm, I'm just And you have an eye for football. I have an eye for football. I could see how dynamic he was in college. I can see how the shift in the game and which way it was headed and know. Right. Okay. This is what I need. But I did say, I thought the Raven should take him.


What pick did the Raven, because the Ravens had two first round picks. Yeah, I I thought the, I just knew the Ravens was gonna take him with their first, first round pick I saw. I say, oh, perfect. Ravens are perfect. Yeah. Yeah. I I saw it. And then when they pass, I like, aw, shucks. Hey, you win. So you lose Some Had 20, who's the 25th pick? Who did they take First? Folks? Tight end. They took a tight end. He had, he had some good, he had some good years for the Bronco. I think he's still playing. He was at Ccle? No, he's in, he's in New England isn't he? Who That? Hayden Hearst. Oh, okay. Okay.


But he might be afraid, but he Okay. But Ocho that's the thing. Right. When you don't, when you don't, when you can't see like, oh, he can't play, blah. I'm like, bro. And my thing was, I was like, bro, somebody threw for all them yards. Oh yeah. Somebody, y'all make it seem like the man rushed for 3000 yards. The man passed for 3000. Yeah. He rushed for 1500. And his, his, his, his his junior year or his sophomore year was better than the year that he wouldn't even run to Heisman. I just knew the bro. I knew I said the Ravens, I think the Ravens gonna take him. I said, that'd be a good pick. They had the right situation. Why stop.


I got some badass kids today. Yeah. That's why I'm getting you a brother, bro. What, what did he what on what Tide Is that Teddy? I just, You know where Teddy At? Oh, there you go. Yes. What they was, what they was in there arguing? No, he turned, he turned stuff off the box. And they're arguing. They've been fighting over, over a cloth the whole night. Get it?


So I called the lady today. So I'm, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get another one. You gonna Get another one? Another one of these. Not this one. No. Not him. Why? How, how do you, how do you think they're gonna be accepting of a new dog? They gonna be great. They gonna be great. Hold on. And you gonna get another male? Yes. I've only had male dogs. We've only had, we've only had male dogs in my family. We've only had male dogs. All this going back to my grandfather had hunting dogs. Riley and Skimp to us having Joe Boy. And, and, and Homer and Champ only, only had, Hold on.


Now you've had Teddy and Titus. How are you so sure they're gonna be accepting of a new male dog coming in? I'm the PAC leader. I determine how everything goes. Okay. Okay. Okay. I like that. Yes, yes. Yeah. I, no, I had four at one point in time. I had ta, I had Tarzan and Taz And I had Titan and Tonka. So I had four at one time. Right. And then I had, I had three had a, an Nikita named Samsa, but we called him Bo.


Yeah. And I had Taaz and Tarzan. Fuck Where all these dogs at, man? Well, I got these two right here. I'm going, I'm getting another one probably in a month. He got papers. He is all vaccinated. He got a passport. I just talked to the lady. We're gonna ride her money. And then when she brings him over, I'll give her the rest of the money in cash. Hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. What kind of dog we talking about? Another one of these are Paul. Well, Whoa. Oh hell. Oh heck. How how much we, how much, how much we talking? How much it cost? Same. 10. 10. What? Yeah. 'cause you got, oh, Joe, he's coming from overseas. Hold On. 10 what? 10 bands. So that's why I need that 5,200.


It's only 4,800. So you, But once I get my 52, So hold on. So you paying 10, 10,000 American dollars in this economy for a dog. We Already, you just spent, you just spent 21,000 on one li on one bedroom set. Now That, that was my, my living room furniture. Okay. Living room, man. People, furniture, people furnished your whole house for 10 bands. Hold On, hold on. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. This is a different house. I'm doing all white. This is different. This is, this is a different type, type of fabric that comes all the way from Ethiopia. And you can't get this, you can't get this white any, just anywhere. Oh. Huh. Now my rug is alpaca. I got, got alpaca rug.


Yeah. This, this is different. All White. I'm gonna pack, I'm gonna pack you in that same rug and throw your ass in the, Hey, listen, I coulda got you a dog. I got a homeboy right now in Liberty City. Coulda got you a, what's that? A Pomeranian? Yes. Coulda got you a Pomeranian five star Pomeranian for $200. You see? And I, and I'm gonna beat the tariffs. I don't want, You know what I'm saying? Because they, they charged putting tariffs on everything. So, You know what I'm saying? Don't choke. Hold on. We got, we got a 90 day, a 90 day suspension on the tariff. So we good right now? Well, I'm, I'm getting all we getting all our stuff be before, You know, you never know. He might, he might change his mind. Yeah.


So Yeah. So I, I gotta get, I gotta get one from him. 'cause him, he and t Titus Titus don't realize how big he is. So Titus be picking him up, walking around. 'cause he pick him up by his shirt and be walking around with him. Yeah. Hey, but hey, but, but listen, listen, that's, that's a whole lot of money for a dog. Man. I'm, I'm, that's just, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm just looking out for you. I, I've never heard of a, I I've heard the first time you spent 10 on that one and spending 10 on another one, Bro, there was a dog that just sold for $5 million. Well, It's not Yes, it is a Tibet look. Google it. I think it's a Tibetan ma. That, That, that story might not be real. I doubt that's real. Oh, Joe, the bloodlines go, I mean the top of the bloodlines, they go for 600,000 on average.


And I know Tobe. Oh, I've been to dogs. Oh, I've been to dogs. You know, I I love dogs Too. Now ti bed mass is huge. You know, it's, it is a big dog. And not too many of 'em here in the States though. I ain't seen no BedMaster in the state. No. Yeah. Bec Bec because I mean the bloodlines. Right. I mean, You know when you're dealing with top of the line bloodlines. But there's some, you can find them. Oh, Okay. Okay. I'm just saying, You know, 10 thou, that's a little steep now for a dog. And I got that Ain't, that Ain't nothing. I mean, the fact that I can get you one for $200 that look just like that. I, I, look, I was about to buy me a car, but they talk about them tariffs. I ain't getting a car till 28. Oh, well How you about to, you, you got a 10,000 dog. You about to buy a car And you complaining because I'm finna go get in McLaren tomorrow.


What? 5,000 of my dollars. That's why I'm complaining. If it's all your money, I don't give a deal about that. Buying you buying stuff. What? My money, Chad, what's wrong with this man out? He talking about Time out. Listen, I'm not getting to McLaren with, with with your money. I'm, that's not what I'm using. I got, I got, I got 50 11 jobs. I got 50 11 jobs. It's It's world's most expensive dog breeder pays $5 million for a rare wolf dog that's parked Wild Beast Park Pooch and eats three kilograms of raw meat Daily. Here's this new owner, 5 million A Wolf, a Wolf dog. Yes. Now go look up to Bent Mastiff and get those pure bloodlines.


600,000 million, 2 million top do even even dogs that you see at the, at the Westminster. Right. Those dogs go on average for five to 10. Oh, now I know. I know. Now they expensive. Now I know, I know that. Yes. Them show dogs. That's a different ball game. Okay. The most expensive to bet Master Ever Sold is a red golden puppy named Big Splash. A guy by the name of Hong Don in, in, in oh name. I was his Hong Don in Chinese. Paid 1.5 million, 10 million Wong in 2011 for a Chinese. Hey, these are beautiful. They look like a oversized chow chow. Huh?


Chow dogs are expensive, bro. I wanted to get a bean actually. Matter of fact, I went to Bean, I went to Houston, Texas. Scott Summer. Huh? If y'all don't believe it, you can call, call him up and ask me. I went out there. They had one named Jr. He was the first bi shot in to win. He's won again. He's one with another bi shot. And he also won with a Lumon spaniel named Stump. I went out there and looked at him. Man, that man told me what that thing was gonna cost. Said. Oh no. Rob said, I'm sorry I wasted your time. A bi Ree. Yes. How much? Like 30. And then they wanted to trade him 'cause they wanted to put him in a show. 30, 30,000. Yep.


Man. And then he want, he wanted the show because the thing is, is that like he's the, he's the trainer. He the one, the owner, as a matter of fact, Chad, y'all know I'm talking about Carol Ruges was the owner. Go look it up. You up Carol Ruges, Man. 30 boy, boy, stop. Oh boy. That's expensive boy. Golly. Yeah. But hey, this, I don't, I don't spend a whole lot of money on a whole lot of stuff, but dogs, I'm gonna make sure they have the best care. Right. I'm gonna make sure they have the best food. I'm gonna make sure they have the best attention and they get sick. Hey, Hey, like I said, I'm, I'm always gonna give my dogs at least a chance.


I'm gonna give them a week. Even if the vet tells me, Mr. Shark, I'm gonna give them a week. Right. And I know it sends me back sometime to call me back. Sometimes they cost me 15, 20 bands, but I'm gonna give 'em a week. I'm a a if you can pull through, I'm gonna give you a chance. Right. And then I just have to make the, I have to make the tough decision. Right. They're not gonna be able to pull through. I don't want him to suffer. Because at some point in time it gets to a point where Ocho or you keeping on alive for you or you keeping him alive for him. Mm. Because he has no quality of life. Right. Well listen, and once I make, I, I listen, I love that you love dogs. I have, IIII hear the passion of your voice. But if you ever wanna save some money, I got a homeboy named Berry in Liberty City right now.


He's a booster. He can get you anything. Oh, I got a homeboy too. Okay. As a matter of fact, I just saw it. I said, man what my damn pressure washing that I gave you $200 for? And he got, he got some expensive ass cologne. I said, I don't want no damn cologne. I don't, I don't want, I want that pressure washing that you promised me. Oh, that's crazy. 30,000, 10,000. Woo. That's, that's jewelry. That's your, like you buy like you got your a like you got that Rolex And you got them chrome hard jeans that you sitting on there smoking them cigars. How much a prayer Chrome egg, Chad Chrome heart jeans 10, 12, 15,000.


The Belt 5,000. Nah. Yeah. Bull Jive. You know I'm a, You know I'm a booster now. A booster. I don't know what you are, but I'm just saying can I get my $5,200 so I can send this woman a money? I Got you. I got you. No, you don't got me. Hold on. When you, when you, when you gonna get the dog? When you gonna get the dog? So I can send the money over? I Gotta wire the money. I gotta wire the money half of it tomorrow. Oh, tomorrow. So you gonna stick your half and name when, when the dog come, I give you the rest of it. What you mean my half? That Man talking about that man gonna talk about he, he go, you go and sell your half and with he come, I'll give you my, he give you my half.


All of it's my half. You got my money. This man, this man talking about buying a McLaren. This man talking about man done bought all kind of stuff. Got sha. Y'all son 70 is tv. Hey, hold on. Hey listen, I'm in, I'm in my winning season. Where Surprise sound. I in my winning season on. I told you 2025. I'm not playing. Well, I wanna win you. I'm losing right Now. You Ain't lose. Oh, you ain't lose, you supported $10,000 dog. How you losing? You was Finn buy a car yesterday but the Terrance made you stop? I wouldn't buy, I, no, I was thinking no, I was thinking about buying a car in 26. I wasn't buying no car. This here. Oh, okay, Okay, okay, okay, okay. I just got the extended, I just got the extended warranty.


Oh no. Okay. So, alright. You, As a matter of fact, as a matter of fact, I'm gonna push it all the way back to 28th. I'm just going get, give me a two year extended warranty. Right. My warranty will be up in, in January of 26. So I'm gonna get 26, 27. I get me a new car in 28. Okay, well I'm gonna, I'm gonna wait till 28 then to get it, Dan. No, you ain't Finn to wait. Nothing. No. Pew, pew, pew, Pew, pew, pew, pew. If you go wait, you go wait that long. Go ahead. If you could, if you could die. What I be throwing at you? Good luck. Check Y'all see this man.


Oh, hey Boy. That's funny. Yeah, that's funny. That's funny boy. That's, that's funny. No, I'm, I'm, I'm chilling though. I ain't gonna buy nothing. I ain't gonna buy nothing. I ain't gonna buy nothing. I'm chilling. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just glad to be in a new place man. This thing, this thing look real now. I will give you the tour. I will give you a tour but I don't know how to, I don't know how to work the camera. Don't worry about it. If you, I tell you what Ocho I i, if you don't send me my money, I'm gonna come visit you and I'm gonna take me a Duke on the alpaca. No, no, don't do that. Hey bunk, You know how much I paid for that. Guess how much you gonna play to get it clean? Nah, Nah, Don't do, I'm drinking some chocolate milk And I gonna eat my three four apples. Hey Listen, You know you come to Miami, You know it's a whole lot of people gotta deal with you.


You, you messing around with me down here. Now I'm talking about a complete blowout. Hey Teddy bear, we gonna get it. We gonna get it. Hey, hey Teddy Bear that messed up. We gonna get it. Oh. So, oh, show Deshaun Watson say he will come back better than he ever was. Everyone don't think I can get back to where I was. I believe the work that I put in that I believe in myself. I know I'm gonna be way better than before. Hey, that's where it all started, huh? That's, that's, that's where it all started. And I, one of the problems with Deshaun Watson in previous years, based on how he look, is it looked like his confidence was shot.


Huh? It looked like that confidence was shot. I even asked you before, why does it seem like other quarterbacks that come into the game that play in the exact same system look that much better than he does? Why would Joe Flacco coming in and leading the, the c the Brown to a first round playoff birth? Why does the offense look completely different every time somebody else is at the helm? For one, I think Deshaun might, might, might not have been all the way fully healthy. You know, outside of that I think it's confident for shot. And you could tell by his decision making when he was playing. I, I, I, I don't know. Listen, I hope he gets back to the old Dessan that we used to see in and make that a FC north that much more interesting. Where it's a, it's a, it's a four quarterback battle, You know, for the top.


I mean, well, You know what I'm gonna do on y Three quarterback because I'm, I'm gonna talk, call Kmart and tell him to go ahead and send me those cigars. Who? Kmart. Oh, I forgot Kmar. KO Oh oh. Listen now I don't, I don't want that. Listen, I I don't play by my cigar man. Now one thing about it, you lost That What? I'm hoping, I'm hoping you don't play. Listen, I I ain't heard from him since. I ain't heard from Kmar Kmar since. And I would, Hey, listen, I would hate that. I would hate that. I would hate, I would hate to have to jump on him. I would, I would hate, I would hate to have to do a twin. I'ma call him tomorrow. I'ma say Kmart, just go and send that to me. Hey, don't, don't do that. Don't do that. What them 70 gauge Lunatic and them Daniel Marshalls From Daniel.


Listen, he's seen my cigars. I I probably had to whoop, I I probably had to whoop him. I'm, I'm just being Honest. Well that between you and him. But I'm gonna get them cigars. I I, I, my brother smoke cigars. You know my brother loves cigars. Nah, he don't, He don't, he don't smoke them kind though. He don't smoke them kind. You know. He don't, he don't smoke them kind. But he will. Hey, hey Chad. Y'all tell Ken Martin man, make sure I need, he got three days. He got three days. 'cause if he got three days to get my cigars to Miami or I'm gonna come on Gil's Arena. I, I fly to LA I'll whoop Ken Martin. Matter of fact, I'll whoop everybody on Gil's podcast. Why you wanna whip everybody but you don't wanna pay me because They're guilty by association. So Gil gonna get it. Kenya gonna get well, I guess what?


Whoever else on I, I gotta whip you. All the kid Chauncey. Everybody guilty about associations. Hey my kid, my kid the jump you boy. Hey, what I for my kids jumping, boy. You don't want no smoke with them boys. Hey all that. Say, hey, this for your daddy. Hey daddy, pay this man. Hey you about, hey, you remember how they caught what you call him? They caught little man out there. Who? St. Louis. How he did it. They make, hey with St. Louis caught it and they put him back, put his head in the car and then put that nose, put that cigarette out on his nose.


And he went there and told dollar bill and Dollar Bill said, whoa. He said, man, you need to pay this man for somebody get hurt. No, you gonna get hurt. Ain't no somebody you. And that's funny and that funny. On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


When It's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Smart fans know sports is just a metaphor for life. And in the game of life, confidence is everything I'm talking about. Confident clean you get with wet extra large dude wipes. Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down wetter just cleans better. No irritations, no dingleberries, no debris. And they come in different pack sizes, including on-the-go single pack wipes that you can take wherever you go. For a home field advantage, dual wipes comes in a variety of sense and sensations like mint chill and shea butter. So don't fumble the ball with tp. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and start using dude wipes. The MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean pants down Amazon.


One medical presents. Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitus you've contracted. Amazon one Medical healthcare just got less painful.


Ocho Dak, Jack Nicholas predicts Tiger Wood will eventually play and dominate the PGA senior tour. I th I think Tiger will get well and Tiger will get back to playing. Tiger will be 50 next year. I believe he'll probably play on the senior tour and he'll probably dominate the senior tour Tiger's Too much of a competitor not to play. Mm, I don't think Ty Tiger will play for money. He doesn't need money. Mm. I mean, I like it. We ain't gonna play for free. Yeah, he definitely ain't gonna play for free. They got, they got a prize. A a, a prize, so why not? Hey, hold on. But what, the senior tour? Yeah. 50. You gotta be 50 older. Okay, so they have 50. Have, You know, they have majors just like they have regular tournaments.


Just like Yeah. Bernard Langer, Freddy Couples, Phil Mickelson, the guy. You know, there are some guys, there are some guys that, that are on there that You know, that have won. Hey, damn, that's crazy. When you think about Tiger having to play on the senior tour, the, And you forget how old he is now. Body shot. Yeah. His his back is messed up too, ain't it? Still Back. He got Achilles. You know, he done messed up his knees in a car wreck that almost caught him the black. Damn. Oh, that's crazy. That's crazy. Old Tiger. You Chad, because we got some time tonight. Guess what?


We got your favorite segment. You be golfer, Spello Cinco. Oh, we got spell tonight. Spell O tonight. Yeah. Hey, listen, I've been waiting on this 'cause I've been studying. You've been Studying? Yeah. You And you going, you gonna understand why I was an academic scholar. Why I was a spelling beach champ in 1986 and 1987. Huh? Why? I made the dean's list. Why I made the honor roll. What? Jimmy Dean or Paula Dean? Nah, the real, no, the real Dean's list. Because at Oregon State, This man talking about he a scholar, a Rhode scholar.


Chad, I'm not sure he can read a roadmap, but Here we go. I can read It. The first word block In Hallucination. Hallucination, Hallucinate. Hallucination. Is it HJ or H ho? Huh? I'm not sure. Okay. I know H-A-H-O-H huh? Ha ha ha. Like haha. It is HA So HAE double L hou u son Nation.


PII know y'all check they say Ocho stop cheating. Look, I'm looking right at the camera. Who talking about, Okay, go ahead. Hallucination. H-A-L-L-L-U-C-I-N-A-T-I-O-N Hallucination. Correct? Yeah. Okay. I'm, I'm all about, Hey, he had a rough one. The last one, the last couple times. He, he was tough on it. So let let, let's cut it with some slack. Yeah. Okay. The next word. Yeah, talk to me. It's poignant, Poignant, poignant, Poignant, Poignant. Po po po. Poignant. I think it might be Poe, I Y y po poin po po I know that I'm gonna get this wrong.


P-O-N-I-N-I-E-T. Poignant. Am I wrong? POIG Damn NANT poignant. Wait P spell it again. P-O-I-G-N-A-N-T. Now you Poignant. You see what I mean? You see why the English, you see why the English language makes no sense at all? The way you pronounce, the way you sound it out, the way you pronounce it is not how it's spelled Poignant. And Chad, y'all better not be laughing at me either. 'cause I know damn well y'all ain't know that either. This one's gonna be pretty easy. Ojo. Hey, talk to me. Ambivalence, mixed feelings or emotions.


Okay. I'm ambi. I'm ambivalent. Your word is ambivalence. Ambi. Wait a minute. Come on now. Give, give, give pronouncing. There Am ambivalence. Okay. Am A ambivalence. BI ambi A am B-B-I-B-I. Ambivalence. L-E-N-C-E-A-M-B-I-V-A-L-E-N-C-E. Ambivalence. How much was I off? You was off.


Damn. Okay. This was an easy one. You Say that every time and the word be hard. Incredulous. What? Incredulous not disposed or unwilling to believe. Incredulous.


Time out. I never heard of that shit before. Okay. Okay. It is I-N-C-R-E-D-U-L-O-U-S. Incredulous. Okay. This words mean tending to betray. Treacherous. Treacherous, tres. Treacherous. And you got my stomach hurting. All right. Treacherous is easy.


T-R-E-T-R-T-R-E-A-C-H-T-R-A-C-H-E-R-O-U-S. Alright. I already, I know that's easy 'cause it is on, it is going on. What McCall? It's on Call of Duty. Okay. Yeah, that's, that's easy. What is it? Because that's, oh my goodness, that was caustic. Oh yes, that was funny. Ocho Hey, That was funny. Boy. Caustic. The word is caustic caustic cars. That's easy. Corrosive in tone. Caustic Caustic. It should be C-O-S-T-I-C. Or maybe IK caustic.


C-A-U-S-T-I-C. You see what I mean? You see what I mean? This is what I talk about with the English language. It is pointless to add. Oh, why did, why even put the U in there? What's the point of putting the U in there? That makes no sense. Hey, you got me? Hey man, you got me. You got two outta six O Joe. Hey, hold on. You got me in tears boy. And you got me in tears. I just knew you was gonna get you. I just knew you was gonna get, Hey, What, what was that word again? What was the word? Incredulous. I just knew you was gonna get it though, Joe. Hey. Oh man, boy you got me. Boy, that, that was a good one there, boy. Oh my goodness.


Oh my goodness. Okay. React. Alright, Ocho, now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Hey boy. Oh man, that was funny. Okay, Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. We got Dunk on Unc. Lemme know you. Lemme know when you're ready. Lemme know when you're ready. You ready? I'm ready. Okay, Here we go. Alright, Chad. Here we go. Here we go. Chad, listen up. Do not chat. Please do not put the answers in the chat. Which player holds the NBA record? Excuse me? Which player holds a record for the most points scored in a single quarter of a playoff game with 29 Sleepy Floyd Damnit.


Wait a minute, Now you didn't answer the question correctly. Eric. Sleepy Floyd. Okay. If I'm not mistaken, I think it's the, if I had to guess I would say the Warriors. But that's not what you ask. You had you they, oh Joe, they Jordan, gimme the favor because I'm logged on. I'm early with the, Hey, you see this right here? High speed fiber optics. Y'all better stop playing with me now Chad. What y'all saying now? What y saying now Chad, Chad got, clay Thompson has the most points scored in a quarter, in a regular season game at 37. Right. Okay. Alright. You ain't gonna get this one though. You ready?


Yes. Who was the youngest NBA, excuse me, who was the youngest player in NBA history to score at least 50 points in a post-season game? Now I got you. I got got player. I got you here. I definitely got you youngest player in NBA history to score at least 50 points in a post-season game. Yeah. Chat. We got in chat, we got it. Shit, I'm, I'm, I guess I gotta go. Ooh, Damn. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


You right. Damn, damn is right. But that's not the word. We got it. I don't know LeBron. No, Absolutely not. The answer you were looking for. The correct answer to that is, is Rick Berry at 21 years and 261 days old, he scored 55 points for the San Francisco Warriors in 1967 playoff game. Yeah. Rick Berry could downfield score a basketball now. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Here we go. We gonna be we going. You gonna go for o You gonna go over for the rest of these questions. Okay. Which team is the lowest seed ever to win an NBA championship?


Which team is the lowest seed ever to win an NBA championship? Hold on Titus man. Now Don't blame Titus. You finna go o for You won't get another one right tonight I can tell you that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let me giving you easy questions to pass two, three shows when we did Dunk on Unc. Yeah, I got, I got the Washington Bullets. That that is absolutely wrong. That is absolutely wrong. It better not be the marick. And The answer you was looking for is the 1994 Houston Rockets who were a succeed entering the playoffs and went on to repeat at champions.


Bam. Yeah, that was a ease one. I should have got That one. I know. Nope. No you shouldn't have I told you, you going, you ain't gonna get another one right tonight. Okay. Which head coach holds a record for the most consecutive playoff appearances without missing in NBA history, which head coach holds a record for the most consecutive playoff appearances without missing in NBA history. Shit. I'm gonna go Greg, pop bitch. God damnit. Okay, you got that one. You got that one? Yeah. Logged on Chad, which I said logged in. You ain't Logged on because you got two long five Optics.


You got two five optics. The answer you were looking for was Greg Popovich who guided the San Antonio Spurs the 22 consecutive playoff birth. Yep. From 1998 to 2019. Yes. Now let me get you back on this losing streak. Which player set the record for the highest scoring average in a single postseason series, putting up 46.3 points per game. Which player set the record for the highest scoring average in a single post-season series putting up 46.3 points per game?


Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Not wil. Yeah, it's too wide. It is not gonna be wil. 'cause everybody would say Wil. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I know how you feel. Elgin Baylor. That is absolutely wrong. I am, I I I apologize. I'm wrong. But the answer you were looking for is the logo. Jerry West, Jerry West, wherever. 46.3 points in the 1965 Western Division finals against the Baltimore Bullets. I was at that game. Here we go. Last one.


So basically we even, we, yeah, I'll get this one. You finna get this one wrong too. Okay. Which player holds the record for the most points scored in an NBA finals clinching victory. Key word clinching. NBA finals victory. Which player holds the record for the most points scored in A NBA finals clenching victory.


Yeah, that wifi, that wifi. That wifi looking kind of shitty. Yeah, it look, look it, look. How many points was it? I'm gonna go, it's recent. I'm gonna go Giannis 50 ww EI mean you pause on, yo, is it glitching? Hold on. Hey chat. Am I glitching or it ocho glitching. Hey, you, you read that from the chat Ocho he got I just asking you that all, all I wanted you to do was confirm it and when you wouldn't give it, because you normally give clues, but when you wouldn't give no Clue.


I ain't no clue. I'm just saying the chat all the whole, the chat put Giannis up. Everybody putting Giannis So I ain't Look at at no chat. The chat right in front of you. Nah, Ocho, I ain't, I don't gotta look at the chat. Listen, I'm putting, I'm putting the asterisk by that, by that answer. I'm putting Nah, You putting the Asterisk by mine. Yeah. So we, you got Another question you want ask me Ocho we went, We went, huh? No, you ain't went nothing. I beat you. No, This that was the tie. Oh Lord Mercy. Yeah, that was, that, that was the tie. Yeah, uncle, you were cheating. Now I know the, the chat saw it too. They knew it. They, they saw it. Oh Lord, That mercy I missed, I missed the easiest question. The the Rockets man, how did I miss that one? Yeah, I don't Never under the Rudy t coin the phrase never underestimate the heart of a champion.


Damn. Alright. It's time for q and a greedy gremlin, man. It's time to hook Chad ass on phonics. Now see whoever said that they know damn way they can't spell them words. Now what you're not gonna do is get on here acting like you the spelling be champ. Don't do that. You can't spell the words either Pat, pat do said, oh, you better not let Stephen a slide if the next mess Right. Lose the third seed to the Pacers Celtics back to back. Oh no. He already know. He already know I see his ass this week. Oh, he better not. And we go And we mess around because if I think we play, we play Houston tomorrow, right?


Houston tomorrow and then Portland on Sunday. All we gotta do is win one game. But we got Thursday locked up. It's old for him. Oh, he ain't sliding Pat generation Olympic. Olympic Luca is prolific Les in Five Sheldon Poe. Katie is going to be looking for a team. OCHO can see KD and your city player for the heat. What's the pitch? Ocho You can sell K to come to Miami and play and Live. I mean it's Miami. Miami. It is Miami. A place like here. I think if we get, we can get Pat Riley to take a back seat and and not try to enforcer in the, the, the ruler of old ways that he is.


Oh, Joe. Yeah. The Miami Heat was in the midst of a 27 game winning streak. Yes sir. And to assert his power, he took cookies that he knew LeBron James was looking for. Right. Does that strike you as a guy that's willing to seed anything? Yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right. But if, if, if we, if we here he nation wanna get back to our winning ways, we need someone like Kevin Durant to come in here and just give us a chance. I'm not saying You need Pat Riley to stop. You need to pat Riley to stop trying to assert his power. Well, we need Mickey Harrison need to talk to him then Mickey need to say Something. Mickey turned it over.


I mean Pat has an ownership stake. Right. It's just Mickey and his son are the maj and his family are the majority owners. Right. But Pat do have a percentage in that. Right. Right, right. That ain't happening. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Don't you hate when people owe you money and can tell you all the things they brought but can't brought you your money? Yes. Bring that money Ocho. Love Y'all. It was that snitching, man. Snitches. Get Dr. Frank, Dr. Frankie, You know, man, You know I bought this man, You know I'm going here. Hopefully you going by the bank to bring me my money all on. But you have to understand what I'm, what I'm purchasing is stuff that I need.


This ain't just, I'm just z willy-nilly. I had, I had to get me a new place, You know, due to unfortunate circumstances, I wanted to do all white, You know, because I'm, I just, I just got saved. So I want all my furniture, I want everything around me to be white as, as if this is happened. You know, somebody said about, oh, it stop being immature on both sides. Guy, if you're not an athlete, you don't understand what most times ocho when a player of LeBron James, when things are a certain way, ownership teams, coaches make sure he gets that. Oh, okay. I see what you mean. Are we talking? Yeah. Make sure they get that. You don't mess, mess that up. Absolutely. Okay. Okay. Okay.


Okay. Guys would stay in the same hotel room, right? Guys would sit on the same seat. Guys sat in the same seat. Yeah. Continuity. You don't mess that up. No You don't. Just like, they didn't bother Jordan when he wanted to go and play cards the night before a playoff game. They didn't bother Jordan. Why? Why you messing with that? That's when you trying to show I'm the boss And I can do it. Right. You in the midst of a 27 game winning streak And you say, nah, You know what I think, I think I want no cookie tonight.


I wanna show y'all who boss. But if you, if you don't understand the athletes and, and, and the mindset that they have, right? I mean, it's hard to explain Yeah. To a normal fan. Yeah. Because I don't think fans understand the routine that we do. And we, we, they don't stick, we stick to that same routine over and over and over because it, it becomes a part of what we actually do. Before games Ocho, for 10 years, I had donuts in my locker. Donuts, three big three, three blueberry donuts, three chocolate chip cake donuts from Dunking Donuts, right? Three packs of big red, red, six Advil in my locker every game right from 1993 until I retired.


I mean, somebody could have said, You know, Mike could have said, or Brian, Billy could have said, You know what, don't buy him no donut. Don't put no donuts in his locker. Right. Don't put no big red in his locker. Don't put no Advil in his locker. Why? Think about it, why you have the cookies for years. You are in the midst of a 27 game winning streak. And that's when you decide that you don't want no cookie. Let that figure Ocho Yeah. Let it Don't you, let's say it end up you, you, you in Cincinnati. Yes sir. And they got y'all having ice cream. Y'all done won 13, 14 straight games and say, You know what Mike Brown said, nah, they ain't having no more damn ice cream.


What? Don't make no sense. Don't make no Spoon. Kirby Ains your dog. Oh, Titus and Teddy need a nanny. Really Missy, I got you. Look at that. That's what they got auntie for. She gotta earn her pay. She got she on payroll. She gotta earn that check. Thank you. Arrested. Oh, thank you Gi a Oh, I'm in the sa I'm the same way with you. Rules. I make my mom go to the bathroom to pass gas. I don't even like hearing the sound of my own pee. I learned to control it. I will not do two, but with three people who that are closed, dark, closed the door door, y'all.


Thank you Jenny. Thank you Ocho. And I just tried to figure out these women. I just wanna know the women that just walk around just passing gas. Now think about it. I grew up in a situation where a little kid, if a, a young girl would pass gas public and, and here it women would say, we don't do that. Ladies don't do that. Now you wait till you get grown And you just walk around just like Let it, let it go, let it go. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't have those extensive prison rules. You know, I don't want your stomach hurting. You ain't got hold nothing around me. Your Stomach ain't gotta hurt. It will If you hold it, if you hold it, if you, you Go to the bathroom, that's what the bathroom for.


It's let it out. It's a, it's a part, it's a part of human nature. It's a part of, Oh, okay. Well so why don't you just go on the sidewalk. It's nature. If you everybody do it, why not? Why you just don't pull your pants and go, I just pass and get, if your stomach, if your stomach hurting, why not? Well, actually, I mean being, being around you though a woman's stomach would hurt because she's, I'm talking about you. So your stomach is never so, your stomach is never hurt. Well you just went, yo. No. So you've never been in a rush where you had to make it to the bathroom? No sir. Yes you have. Yes you have. Wait, Yes You have. I'm telling you I haven't. So in your 40 plus years of living, you've never been in a rush? No, because I use a bathroom everywhere. Remember I told you I use a bathroom whenever I Mad I go.


So you've you've never had to rush. Like, ooh, I gotta make i'll wash or I hope I can make it to the bathroom. You've never been in that situation In 40 plus years, You mean 50 plus. Okay. 50 plus years. Exactly. Why not? Because the, why don't you chew with your mouth open? Why not? It's normal. Everybody chew food. Why you don't do it with your mouth open? I mean, you, you, I mean you, you're talking about apples and oranges. If a woman, I'm not no Chewing food is not chewing food a is natural. If a woman Needs, why would you chew with your mouth open? A woman needs to pass gas. She shouldn't be holding her, holding it in, which causes her stomach to hurt because she doesn't wanna pass gas around you.


Lemme Ask you a question. Does she pass gas in front of her boss? Most of the time? Listen, No, no, no, no boss this time, if her boss, if she's having a conversation with her boss, does she just like and go right in front of him? Yes or no? Probably not. Oh, okay, Okay. I thought so. It's natural As matter of fact, wait a minute. You see, you see? Wait a minute. You see, you see how, you see how you control situations. Ain't nobody passing gas in front of their boss. You not passing gas in front. You pass gas in front of Mike Brown. You pass gas in front of Katie Blackwell. Why not? It ain't natural. It's natural. Hojo. What? How, what if you don't have to pass gas in those situations?


Oh, see, talking about So you, so I about at asking the sake, sake of argument about talking about women. You have a conversation if you having a conversation at home with No, I'm not talking about home. We talking You with girl. You with your girl, the lady you seeing. So you should be able to pass gas around anybody. It's natural That you going, you going way in left field. We talk about the woman you dealing with. That was the topic. That was the whole point. The question is, everybody keeps telling me it's natural. If it's natural, you should be able to go anywhere because it's natural. On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Kler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year.


Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras. Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent. When It's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check.


Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in,


everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know, those quartz side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Smart fans know sports is just a metaphor for life. And in the game of life, confidence is everything I'm talking about. Confident clean you get with wet extra large dude wipes. Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down wetter just cleans better. No irritations, no dingle berries, no debris. And they come in different pack sizes, including on-the-go single pack wipes that you can take wherever you go. For a home field advantage, dual wipes comes in a variety of sense and sensations like mint chill and shea butter. So don't fumble the ball with tp. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and start using dude wipes. The MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean pants down


Amazon One medical presents. Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon one medical healthcare just got less painful.


So if you having a conversation with Katie, are you passing gas in front of a ocho? It's yes or no. I mean, probably not because I wouldn't have to in that situation. Yeah, that's what I thought. That's what I thought. No further question. Queen of Topics. Say Uncle Ocho, don't let O Ocho hold on. Don't let UNC rush you for that 5,200. He took a whole year to send you that Funko awards. He owe Big Perk too. Oh yeah, that's right. I forgot about that, Don. I I, I tell you what, don't he worry about it? I bet you, I bet you you won't get no more awards. Oh, I bet you That. Okay. If, if matter of fact, it just showed me a resemblance of the award. I have an architect that can meet each one And I just get a replica.


I'm still, I went and vote my own. I'm still waiting on Funko. I went and bought One. I didn't, when mine mine at, I don't know. Somebody broke the house and stole it. Somebody broke, somebody broke in. Somebody broke in the house and stole it. Matter of Fact, it's so funny. I forgot all about my Funko. So whoever just mentioned it, I really appreciate that. Now if you send me my funko ICO 5,200 Ocho, they sent it to me. Okay, but send it to me. You not Ocho. I think if they wanted you to have it, they'd send it to you. I mean, they didn't have my address. I know what to tell you. Well, I dunno what To you. I'll tell you what, tell Don't, don't worry about it.


I tell you about that. I bet Webbys. I bet you do. Oh, I'm gonna have here about 15 weby awards up in Here. Oh, we gonna win. We gonna, we gonna win. I listen, I got my suit ready too. Well, hey, have at it. 'cause I ain't going, You ain't going? No. Why not? Budget, budget cuts. Well, I, I go, I go in your, I go in your place Have at it. Have at it? Yes. What else? Oh, YouTube plaque, blacks. I need that. No, I need that.


Oh, BET award. And we win that. Oh yeah, we gonna win that too. Now we gonna go, how many award are we gonna go to the BET one when we win? Come on man. I got suits. I need to get off man. I got, I got looks I need to get off. Send me my 5,200. I got you. Matter of fact I gave to you at the BET award show. No, No. I I No, no. Nope. Janice Parer. Hey guys, I just wanted you to know my sister name is Channing and she loves you. Unc. Yes. Hope to see you guys in LA in July birthday. Gift to us chanting. Thank you so much.


I love you too. Chanting. You are amazing. Janice. What about me later for you? Anybody Said that Later for you? Janice? Oh, did I? Oh, okay. J 2 1 3. A Uncle Ocho. Would you rather not have your spouse shower for a week or not brush your teeth for a week? Joy, put my bathroom. Me get that, that woo There Both of 'em. Both of them both up top and down Low. Be smell like get back.


Well, we depend on what you do. What you think I just say shout shower for a week? Yeah. Can you can't, you can't, you can't be in my face with this, with that. Ooh Yes. Shout for a week. You know it is, it is a little, it's a little better natural anyway, with a little talk with a little tallness to it. You know Where remember when you're a little kid And you tell, And you touched the barrier with your tongue. Remember that A nine vo battery? You ain't do that when you was a little, a little kid. Yeah. Got yeah, yeah, yeah. That thing. Nah, I ain't no babe. Boy. Hey boy, look here. You smell so ain't nobody, ain't nobody putting their face down there. Come on now. Hey listen man. Got gotta have a little twang to it. A little twerk to it now. Little, little, just a little wind. Y'all need to be smelling like summer's Eve and all that.


Don't joke. That one thing about old sha sharp hip rough ain't gonna ever stink. What the Hell? Where you, where you getting magnum Listerine from? Don't worry about it. No choke. I can't let my breath be smelling like get back. Boy. I ain't never seen that look like something they, they selling the club. Where you get a magnum Listerine from? I ain't never seen them that big. I go Through, I, it take me, I go through one of these in about 30 days. What? Man, you tripping man. Yeah. You tripping. 30 days, Man. But I mean, but yeah, that, that's too much. You doing a little too much.


Too much. What? I mean there's no reason to 30 days. That whole thing. I just went through one. My God. Jesus Christ. Hey, hey, I got you. Hey. That's one thing about OSHA Sharp. I I, I hey everything gonna be a okay. Hey, I got you My dude Whites, You know, hey everything. Oh no. I got my dude, I got my dude wife too. Now Can y'all smell it through the, through the microphone.


Oh, All you need pop one of them And you good. That's it. I'd be good. And I take, when I smoke my cigars on, I take a Altoid, put one in the left corner and put one in the right corner. You never dog was smoking. Yeah. See this right here. Say before I come on the air. See I run back upstairs. I get downstairs before I do a, a first take. I eat my, my breakfast burrito. Right. Actually, like, oh my god. I smell Listerine from here. I go back upstairs because I use to li brush my teeth Listerine before I come down.


Right. Yeah. Every night before I go to bed, I gotta brush my teeth. Listerine the thing down. Okay, I got you. I got you. Then if I think, You know, You know, hey, what, You know I might get lucky. Sneak in there by three o'clock. There it is. I am like, oh boy. Ow. But chanting, thank you for the support. We greatly, greatly appreciate. I don't know. I might have to stay, I might have to stay, I might have to stay away from that young lady.


If, if she ain't taking a shower in a week and she ain't brushing her teeth in a week, I can't do nothing with either one of 'em. I ain't gonna even hold y'all. Yeah, listen, brush them teeth. You ain't, you ain't showered for a week. I got you. I'm, I got, I I can work with that Bro. Man, Ocho, look at this. I can't see him. What he doing?


I know. Hey, give gimme 10 more minutes. Give more, 10 more money for not put you best. You can go to your place. Okay. Go get on Spot. Spot. Ah, Kendrick Beatles are the meet and greet in Charlotte live show. If So, can you upgrade tickets if already purchased? You'd have to call the venue Hedrick. I'm sorry bro. Yes. Yeah, but they are. Yes, they are meet and greet tickets and they're still available. Correct. But you'd have to call the venue to, to get an add-on or something.


Right. Y'all ever wanna know why UNC minty French. There you have it Bud. Kendrick, the Charlotte meet and greet tickets are sold out, bro. Yeah, he tired. He's tired. He is way past his bedtime. He normally in to bed. He'll literally go to bed at seven o'clock. I keep him up till about eight. When like, if we're not doing Nightcap, I'll keep him up till like 8, 8 30. But it's way, way past his bedtime.


Oh. And I always keep sanitize on. Me too.


Nightcap. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the Nationwide 5G network today.


Thank you guys. Y'all know me. I'm your favorite org. That's your favorite number 85, the Liberty City legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your continued support. You guys have been amazing for two years. Hopefully you'll continue to support OCHO And I in the future because without you, there can be no us Thank you. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. I wanna thank you guys for the cities that we turned out for And you came out for the bottle signing and showing me your support.


We appreciate that. As You know, we just won the gold for the taste. Again, thank you guys. We appreciate that. None of this is possible without you. None of this is possible without the fans And I greatly, greatly appreciate that support. Order it, we'll ship it directly to your door and please drink responsibly and stay safe. Please go follow my media company page on all of its platform. That's Shehe Media. We want to thank you OCHO And I and Nightcap and Club Sheha for the six nominations for the WEBY Awards. Myself. Best Entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club shehe Best creator slash influencer series, Nightcap Best sports show.


Best video series. Best Live podcast recording. None of this is possible without you guys. Thank you for your support. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. The link is in our bio. Please go vote for us. Voting ends on the 17th, April 17th. That is my clothing company. 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. Please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour. Win on sale last week. Eight stops. Baltimore, PLA, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago, Detroit. Y'all in the house. Close it out with you guys.


Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Guest lineups are looking really well go get your tickets now. We want to thank am Omarion Hampton for joining us. Yeah, North Carolina running back projected to be a first round pick. Hopefully it works out well for him. I wanna thank you guys for joining us, Adrian. Get well bro. Hopefully we get a chance to talk to you tomorrow or your family. But y'all say a prayer for Adrian, one of the hardest working guys on Team Shehe. We greatly appreciate everything that he's done with us thus far, so thank you.


We'll see you Sunday. Got a couple days off on Joe. Enjoy. Yes, sir. The Volume


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is. Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Did You know that Parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk-free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Let's Be honest, our beauty routines should make life easier. Merit beauty simplifies what it takes to get ready by creating high performing impossible to mess up makeup and skincare products. Merit's bestselling products includes their great skin instant glow serum, the minimalist perfecting complexion stick and flush balm. Every product is designed to work together effortlessly so you can achieve that polished put together look without the extra steps. Head to merit beauty.com today and receive merit's signature makeup bag free with your first order.