
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the action expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sports book. With live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their nation wifi g network today. Wow, what an unbelievable finish to a ball game. The Florida Gators are your 2025 national champs. Wait, The Who? 65 63 over Houston. The who? Houston had the game in control for much of the ball game, but just like they took it from Duke the other night, Florida Gators snatched it away from them tonight. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. Shannon Sharpe. Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro. You know what? He's extremely happy tonight because his Gators won and Kenon Martin owes him $2,295 cigars. He owed him 20 of them. Yeah. Now listen, let me, I wanna make sure Kenon Martin see this and people in the chat, if you could do me a favor, if you can go to Ken's Twitter and Instagram and let him know I want 10, I want 10 Daniel Marshall, 24 carat gold cigars, 10 of them. And I want 10 70 gauge lunatics And I want 'em here by Friday. I don't want no issues.


I don't want no problem if at don't have And welcome if you have to, huh? And tell him to walk there if he have to. Yeah, look, Whatever you gotta do, you made a bet. I'm listen, you are a man of your word. I know you, you say you're a man of your word. It's all about principle. I want my cigars by Friday. If I don't get my cigars by Friday, it's gonna be issues. Hey. Yeah. Don't make us pull up the Gil Arenas. Yeah. Hey, hey. What? Matter of fact, where they film at in la Okay. Okay. I appreciate that because there ain't nothing to get, ain't nothing to get a quick flight either. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for your continued support because without you, there could be no us And we greatly appreciate your support over the last two and a half years.


And I appreciate your support for Nightcap, excuse me, club Sheha for five years. So thank you very much. Please go follow my check out Sheha Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it. We will ship it directly to you. We have it in stock. Thank God we have it in stock before there's these tariffs here. But we, we good? We good? We good? So please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms, Shehe Media. Thank you guys for nominating us for six We awards, six we nominations myself, best Entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club, shehe best creator, influencer series, Nightcap Best Sports show, best video series, Nightcap, best Live podcast recording.


That's all because of you, you, none of this is possible without you And we greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Continue to vote for us, the Lincolns in our bio. Please go vote for us. Voting ends April 17th. Make. Okay. Video series. And what is it? Best Entertainment creator. Oh Yeah, absolutely. And before, before you finish, listen, I don't get to say I don't get to say it enough, you don't hear it from my side enough. I know I play around, I know I make a lot of jokes all the time. But sincerely and seriously, man, from the bottom of my heart, man and uncles already said it and mentioned it. Like all of you, all of you that watch continuously and subscribe and like, and support us, man, you are the meat and potatoes and the reason for our success.


And I really, I, I really thank you from the bottom of my heart man, for allowing us, for allowing us to keep you laughing, to keep you entertained. And obviously you listen, you stay, you, you, you love the, you love the sports, but you stay for the stories man. And we gonna continue to give you exactly what you're looking for. You hear me Alright? Yes. That's exactly what we're gonna do. What, what, what are we in? What are we in second place in? Okay. Okay. So that's what we're second in best Entertainment creator, right? And best video series Nightcap. So let's get those votes in. Let's get those votes up to make sure we finish on top. Come April 17th. Please check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Everything is restocked, the link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe or Work tour went on sale a couple of weeks ago. Our eight stops are as follows. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC Chicago. We close things out in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Guest lineup is shaping up nicely. You guys don't wanna miss this. Go get your ticket now. DC Young Flower will be joining us in a minute. But first Florida, the Gators take down the Houston Cougar 65 63 Lord of Wins an instant classic.


Their first title since 2007 when they went back to back, yeah. Oh 6 0 7 when they had Joe King, Noah, they had Al Horford, they won back to back title under Billy Donovan. I think that's who, I think that's who the coach was. Billy. Billy Donovan Houston had a chance to take the lead or tie in the final seconds but fail to get a shot off in the final, what? 19 seconds or 12 seconds. But anyway, they failed to get a shot off. Cougars have now appeared in three national Championship games, seven Final four without a victory. And they were really close. Reminds me of 83. They were on a tie ball game and Derrick Wittenberg heaves up a shot and Lorenzo Charles catches it and dunk it as time end.


Yeah. And they lose that heartbreaking game. That was Phi Slam, Jamma Akeem, Elijah one, Clyde Drexler. They had an unbelievable team, but unfortunately Larry Mishaw, Benny ERs, they were not able to get it done. Yeah, they got taken down by the NC State Wolf Pack. Huh? It was 19 seconds. Yeah. And they didn't get a shot off in 19 seconds. Yeah. Ocho watching this ball game. Yeah. I thought Houston, You know, I thought both teams got a little antsy early, started taking some Vised shots. It seemed like everybody was trying to end the game early. Yes, sir. And late, I don't know why Houston was taking some of the shots that they took, but I think you gotta give Florida credit.


Yeah. Because they didn't panic. They got down 12 and they didn't panic. Yeah. They stuck with their offense. They kept getting great sense. Houston was filing, putting 'em on the free throw line. Yeah. I mean you got a couple of, and ones and dug themselves back into the ball game. But watching this ball game, I know you picked Florida to win it, but what did you like about what you saw? I mean, listen, I liked what I saw from Houston. I know they didn't win the game, but obviously I think Houston forcing Florida to have so many turnovers in the first half and a few in the second half. Yes. I really thought Houston was gonna run away with the game at some point when they were up by 12. Listen, obviously Florida being known for their explosive scoring, You know, they faced challenges really penetrating the Houston defense earlier, early, early in the game, especially once they got up 12, I thought Houston was gonna run better place, slow the game down itself.


Yeah. And kind of keep the lead extended. But obviously in the Florida coming down the second half they managed to get back into the game. And obviously we see how the, how the game ended, You know, in in involved in Florida's favor. But nonetheless, it was a great game. I I enjoyed it. One of the few times, now that I've been a part of the show, one of the few times I've, I've actually sat down and watched collegiate basketball throughout the entirety of, of the NCAA series. And I I I, I actually enjoyed it. Honestly. I thought both teams played outstanding defenses. Yeah. Nobody shot above 40%. Both teams were 25 or below from the three point line. Florida was better from the free throw line. 17 or 21 for 80, 81%.


Houston was nine or 14 for 64%. A rebounding was right there. 40 rebounds for Florida. 39 first Houston. The game was really nipping tuck. But the thing is is that we, we saw the other night with Duke and Houston. Yeah. And, and Houston should have known that teams don't give up because I mean, two minutes, three minutes is an eternity. Yeah. In college basketball. Yes sir. But I think you, you really have to look, look, I know a lot of people gonna say, Houston gag this one off. They choked this and maybe so, but still in order for you, in order for a team to come back and win when you're down 12 points late in the ball game or when you're down at any point in time, you still have to execute your offense because even though they may have choked, that don't mean you get the lead automatically.


You still have to put the ball in the basket and they were down and they executed and they put the ball in the basket when they absolutely had to. Yeah, Go ahead. And most definitely also I think Houston, in the second half, their shot selection, their shot selection, some of the shots, You know, they, they were, they were trying to put up instead of waiting and allowing the game to come to them. Yes. They were very bad. And I think that also allowed Florida to come back into the game. And I just wanna mention Walter Clayton Jr. Yes. Miss Unc, his leadership, his leadership throughout the tournament, especially in the Championship game, solidified his status as one of the top performers to me of all time. You know, I can't run down some of the top performers in a game of this magnitude, but what I saw from him and his ability to score under pressure and facilitate plays and crucial moment for Florida, I think is one of the reasons why they won this game.


Yeah. He didn't, he didn't have his best ball game. No. Will Rich Richard played really well. Yeah. He came in, hit the, hit a couple of three early and really kept him close early in the ball game. Yes sir. He played well. Alex Conden played really, really well. Clayton got 11 points, but he was one for seven from the three. And he got, he got most of his points as matter of fact, he got all 11 of his points in the second half because he was shut out in the first half. Yeah. Three or 10 from the floor. But like I said, both of these teams played outstanding defense. And I think a lot of that had a lot of the, the, the percentages that you see had to do with the defensive effort And you look, you on this stage, oh Joe, we, we, we dealing with teenagers, we deal a lot of these kids. Right. 19, 20 years of age not being in this situation.


And so, You know, you, they know what's at stake. Right? Yeah. Hey, I, I got a chance to be a national champion. I got a chance to be remembered forever at my university and Houston's gonna be kicking themselves because they had this game under control and somehow they let it slip away from him. But I think you gotta give Florida a lot of credit because they, they stuck with it. They got timely plays, got timely turnovers. I think the biggest turning point ojo was when the guy tried to split, he tried to split the double team. He ended up dribbling the ball off his knee. Yeah. Why? Yeah, Why? There's a guy on you, you're trying to go to a go between another guy that's guard the guy, but you try to split it. Yeah. Which was unnecessary.


Pull the ball back out. Yeah, I know Nick, it is also unnecessary. But we see it happen all the time. Listen, I'm not saying he's in the NBA but we see many, many guards, many, many, many players that play the one in the two split. Yeah. We, we see, we see him split all the time. So I, I know exactly what I'm trying to do. He just wasn't able to execute it the right way because it, the ball obviously hit off his knee. But this, this was, this was a very good game. A look. It, it wasn't aesthetically pleasing because both of these teams can make it have the pretense. Propensity. Yeah. They can make us make a game look ugly. Yes sir. They can monkey it up, especially Houston because they play defense. They get up into you and they, they, they, they they make you execute.


Yeah. And so yeah, you look at the percentages And you gonna understand why the game was 65, 63 because neither team shot above 40% from the four. Right. Neither team shot 25 or better than 25% from the three. And so when you get those kind of percentages, Ocho, you're gonna get a, a low scoring game. Right. And you're gonna get an ugly game. But at the end of the day, let me win ugly as opposed to lose, lose pretty. Right. That's the way I look at it. And Florida did what they needed to do. Like I said, they kept themselves attached even though they got down 12 points And you like, damn. Oh alright Florida, y'all better do something. And every time they hit a three, they hit another three, they cut it into six, they get a layup, they cut it into four. Hey Houston, push it back to eight.


They get another two. Boom boom, boom, they go to six. But Florida had, I mean, excuse me, Houston had this drought ocho where they, they, it was just basically they were just getting from the free throw line. Yeah. They couldn't put, they couldn't get anything in the basket and they hit a couple of guys, shot the three out the corner of the backboard at an angle. I'm like, well damn, I gotta be feeling good about that. OY I'm like, hey, everything going in for us. Listen, that, that that shot selection was, was a visible in that second half. Instead of allowing the game game, allowing the game to come to you. You pressing when you shouldn't be pressing. Take your time, run your plays. You know, I mean I'm, that's one thing to say sitting here at home, but understanding the magnitude of the situation, You know, things change.


Yeah. And, and plus Florida early on, Houston was getting second chance. After the second chance they get the opportunity they was cleaning all up on the glass. On The, on the glass. Yeah. Outstanding defense. They were blocking shots. They were stealing the ball and, and, and they were doing everything. This is the type of game that Houston wanted to play. And Florida kind of got out out of sorts. Right. Taking quick shots, turning the ball over. 'cause at one point I think Florida had turned the ball over five times and Houston didn't have any. Right. But they settled themselves down. I think you have to give Florida a lot of credit. That coaching staff did a great job of settling his players down. Like, look guys, we can't win the ball game in the first half. Let's not, hey let's, let's play our brand of basketball. Let's, let's do what we do.


But it takes a lot for a team to get down like they did and still find a way to come up and win. Because when they needed to make plays, they made plays. And you have to give Florida staff credit for that. Kelvin Sampson's probably kicking himself. He's like, ma'am, what the hell do we have to do in this game? Right. Guarantee if somebody told him up, say, You know what, the beginning of the year you wanna be up 12 points with about seven minutes to play at the ball game. He would like the position of being in 12 to being in that position. Absolutely. But that's all eternity. And it seemed like, damn, can the clock go any faster? Can we have a running clock? Even if the ball goes out bound, that clock is stopping at everything And you're like, damn.


Oh yeah. But it was a situational show. You have to give, I think you have to give Florida more credit than you put place blame on Houston. I know Houston made some, some mistakes that they don't normally make in that position, but even though you made those mistakes, somebody has to capitalize on them. Right. And that's what you, and that's what Florida was able to do. They was able to capitalize on the mistakes. And that's what they did. They capitalized and they're the national champs and they and is again, SEC Yeah. They pulled it out. They sent 14 teams to the tournament and the last man standing was an SEC team. So that's, that was, that was pretty, that was a pretty good game. I'm glad I got an opportunity. 'cause You know, hey, Florida's really not a, Florida's a football school.


Most you in e unless you're Kentucky Right. Fuel your football school. Football school. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. And Houston, Houston is a basketball school because Houston, they've had some good players come out. Elvin Hayes came out of, of University of Houston, Clyde Drexel. Hakeem, Elijah one. So they've had some pretty good players come out of there. More so than I think of a the football player, football team. But I think you gotta give Florida Gators more credit than you place blame on, on the University of Houston. Because I think Florida got this with their execution late in the ball game and they were able to pull out a win a 65, 63 win. We good. Oh Yeah.


Yeah. So it was a good ball game. Mocho. Yeah. I know that. Everybody in Houston's gonna be, everybody in Texas is gonna be upset. A lot of people gonna be upset because they think Houston gagged it off. Huh? Wait a minute, hon. Honestly, honestly, if they, they, I know everybody in Houston watched the show. I know they watched the show yesterday And I told 'em yes. I told 'em when to talk to Kmart. One thing you don't do, you don't bet against Florida now. Even, even though I didn't go to Florida. Listen, I am from the state of Florida, so I understood. Yes. Houston is one of the greatest cities. I we talk about it all the time. One of the greatest cities of all time. You hear me? When I, when I, Hey listen. And is, hey look, I, you, if you could, you can see me right? Got I I'm, I'm, I'm talking to you when I'm talking to you. Yeah. But I know you're picking up what I'm putting down.


But when it come to basketball, I already knew. I already knew how the script was gonna play. I knew how it was gonna play out. That's why I made the bet. I bet.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17 not admitted without parent.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent Voices from his past came forward And he was just staring At me and they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son he'd never known. If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a Killer Bone Valley, season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Alright. Alright. It's time to welcome in Atlanta. Native multi-talented comedian, actor, entertainer, all things Atlanta. Here he is. DC Young Fly. Do g What's it? Oh, peanut head and boy oh boy. You got a do well. Your head shaped like a do red your hey head, head your head look like a, like a like a razor net. Boy, listen, why you be lying to folk talking about your diamonds ain't real. You know your shit real. They not, You know it real. Hey, gonna no beauty place though, bro. A c lemme tell you something bro. I've never had the opportunity to tell you boy in person, but I'm gonna tell you right now in front of the world, boy, boy, love And I salute you. You hear me?


Boy, I appreciate it. OG Boy I love And I salute you. Boy, it's a pleasure to have you on the show, bro. Nah. Hey, love baby. Baby man. It's an honor man. You a OG in my book, man. Both. Yes sir. Y You know what's up. Yes sir. No Cap. DC Young Fly. He's host of Hawks af. Yes sir. Sir. And he's here, sir. And we have an announcement to make. She, Shea Media is partnering with Atlanta Hawks and bringing DC's popular show to Shehe Media DC You did? Yeah. There deal. Hey man, I appreciate you OG man. What's up man? Let's go, go Tell us more about the show that you that you're gonna be bringing to she Shea Media Man, Hawks and Friends. Man, you dig what I'm saying? Like, I, I done, I done became like a pioneer for the Hawks and especially like with, with the city of Atlanta.


Just by showing support, man, I always said that I wanted to be like the Spike League of Atlanta. You feel what I'm saying? Yes. So I kinda like taught, I I I taught it into fruition. You feel what I'm saying? Like, basketball was my first love. And a lot of people don't understand like what, what, what you don't understand what you really first fell in love with. You feel what I'm saying? So basketball my first love, so I know what I'm talking about. And I been in they shoes. So I just be wanting the players, the, You know what I'm saying? Bring that, that dog, that dog feeling. As long as you got that dog, you gonna be all right. But I'm bridging the gap from the city and the Hawks Man. And the Hawks is really like one of the major teams that really be diving into the community. So they been rocking with me. So we, we, we locked and loaded. We got crazy interviews, man. We got Dominique on that thing.


You dig what I'm saying? We got Mariah scientist on that thing. Yeah. Who, who, who else we got? We got D two. My boy Dyson on that thing. You, me And, and it's, and it's a good opportunity to see people that you love. You know what I'm saying? In a brighter light. In a, in kinda like in a normal space. Like y'all, like nobody knew that y'all had this personality until you able to to show 'em. You feel me? So it attract more people that just like you and it attract people who already been rocking with you. Especially with y'all career. So, You know, Hawks af Man, we going crazy baby. I am the energy coach baby. Yeah. Hey listen, I like that. Now listen, I'm, I'm gonna throw, I'm, I'm gonna throw my, I'm gonna throw my foot in the pot already, You know? What's that? So since you, since you are a part of that, say say media Atlanta Hawks.


Now how do I go about getting tickets to sit Courtside in Atlanta? I don't come to Atlanta often, but if you can gimme me tickets to say courtside, I'll come out there and really enjoy some basketball and sit there with you man. We could talk in politic a little bit. But see this what I'm saying, I will definitely get you with me. I will give you my tickets. See I be talking to them. Right. Right. That's what I'm trying to tell them. It's real estate on that court. They don't care if you work for them or not. Right. Right. That's real estate. Them seats got to be sold man. Sold. Sold. Okay. Okay. You feel what Im saying? I, that's how them players getting. They salary them seats. I like Oh, Oh, oh, okay. Oh, say Now. You making sense to me now? Yeah. Listen, I'm picking up what you're putting Now.


You did that. What I'm trying to tell you now, I'm down there for a reason now. Hey, how you doing? My name d DC Young DC Atlanta is very unique. Yes sir. Because people that look like you And I, we show up for the Falcons. Yes sir. We show up for the Hawks. Yes sir. And that thing be live. It is sir, like any other city. Yes sir. There might be a lot of other cities sir. They ain done like at TL they turn up to support their hawk. Yes they do. They turn up to support their, the falcons. Hey, I heard the, so the soccer team, I heard this team party. Listen, we already done got a Championship. We so good. Yeah. Listen, we super And I them game be Turk all the best be I heard being that look Ho Hold on, hold on A DC Yes sir.


What I told you about when I go, when to go watch the WNBA team when I went to go watch the dream? Yeah, we been talking. Listen everybody, I, that was my first time going to a game, so I didn't know what to expect. You know, everybody making fun of the W-W-N-B-A or they doing all this talk. I ain't never seen no atmosphere like that. Then from start, from start to finish, they was rocking. And it was when, when it was a timeout, there was a club. It was the, you feel me, a halftime be lit. You been forget what IG league going crazy too. It's kind hard. Yeah. And I told, I told one, one of the player man drop 40, he looked at me and dropped 40 too.


I like it. And the relationship and, and the relationship DC that you have with the players. Yes sir. I mean, I see Trey And I see those guys. Yes. In in the relationship and the relationship that you guys have with the Falcons player. Hell, even the brains game be Lit. Yeah. The brains game. Stupid. You, You know what it is though. Y'all are talented. You know what I'm saying? Y'all got a, a natural God gift that, that he blessed y'all with. Sometimes them players don't be having no support down there, man. Mm. You right. Don't nobody be coming to they game still at that level. Ain't nobody come to see them play. You feel me? So when they really have somebody there that really like got their best interest where it be like, look, I'm gonna never say like, what you bad at?


I'm gonna only say, look, this can be tweaked And you a dog in this era, this area right here. Don't, don't don't, don't get in your head. Long as you be a dog, you gonna be great. Especially at this level. Y'all done, y'all done been to the NFL only dog. Y'all some dogs, You know a dog when you see one, that's why y'all talk y y'all talk every time you get a chance. But it's like, if you don't have that, that dog feeling bro, you'll just get, you'll fall to the waist. You'll be like me. Yeah. Don't be over here with me. I'm just trying to get you, I'm trying to keep you from being over here with me. But listen, Listen, what do you expect from the Hawks in the play tournament? You guys have solidified, you're in the playing tournament And you need to, obviously a, it's not, the season didn't go the way you had hoped.


Hope you'd be in the, in the playoffs and not have to be in the playing. Right. But here you are. What can we expect from the Hawks? I feel like we gonna be, we gonna dominate. We gonna dominate them. We gonna dominate. You know, we gonna dominate. 'cause I'm gonna be there. We gotta, we just gotta play hard and play smart. You feel what I'm saying? Like we got a lot of talent on our team. You feel what I'm saying? And when you put a lot of, You know what I'm saying, good Skittles in one bag is hard to pick one out. Right. You see what I'm saying? So it's kind of like you gotta you gotta pace yourself out. You feel me? We got a great team And we got a high energy team too. Right. So we gotta know how to use that energy from the first quarter all the way through. Yeah. So listen, that's one question from about the Hawks, but I'm gonna talk about your Falcons.


You've been riding with the Falcons forever. Honestly, I don't wanna know. What's your honest take on the new era and are you walking with the new young quarterback? I moj cried man. Hey man, listen, I'm a real ladder fan bro. I'm still messed up back. Can I cuss on y'all show? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just at I no I ain't gonna curse 'cause it it is heartfelt. I'm messed up still from the Super Bowl. What the 28 3? Why you gotta repeat it though? That that's, I'm just saying that's, that's a, that's a, that's a steal. Don't do that. Nah, my bad. My bad. Don't do that my bad. Listen, I, You know what, I'm a f fan to the heart. I'm a F fan to the heart, but I'm one of them real Atlanta, Atlanta ATLs where it's like you got to show me that y'all wanna play for the city.


Right. Because now it's politics in its business. I just can't come. I just can't come And I don't know what I'm about to get. Right. You at least I know what the hawk, them boys gonna go out there and play hard. Yeah. The soccer team, they gonna go out there and win a Championship. Yes. The brave, they going to go out there and they going to hit some home run. You go to a thousand game, you be like, man what? So it's, it's, You know. But I know we gonna be good. I feel like with our new quarterback we starting to kick back into our rhythm. I think we been outta our rhythm ever since the Super Bowl. Like we just been, we we ain't have, we ain't had a rhythm. Yeah. I think we got the rhythm now. I think we got it. Yeah. Y'all gonna Got it.


But y'all, hey DC y'all be crunk up at a, in the Mercedes-Benz. Don't y'all be Crunk because people don't got nowhere to go Don no game. People ain't got nowhere to go. They just going to a spot. They just know niggas over there playing football. They like, look, we gonna pull up. It's gonna be a game, but we just going, we take off. Hey listen it, Hey, You know what, it's, it is dope. It is dope obviously being from Atlanta And I can hear the passion and and enthusiasm that you had for all your sports there, sir. Whether it be football, sir, whether it be soccer, whether it be basketball. Sir, sir. So let's go. You as an athlete yourself. Yes sir. If, if you could pick one sport, if you could do it all over again, you could pick one sport outta the three that you can play and actually make it as an elite athlete, what would it be?


In what position would you play baseball? 'cause I played it the longest. But wait, baseball? Yeah, I played baseball wheel to the 11th grade outfielder. I you try to run on me. I play right field. I gun you down. I mean, I say that a minute. That mean throw the ball fast. People throw the ball fast. I was a fi I was a five tool in high school. What you talking about? None of that. You can get your little jump, get your little jump. You gonna hit the ball. The ball gonna say you already know what that means. You already know what that you hit the ball before it hit the man you like. Oh, that fucking, yeah, but I, I go with, I go with basketball because it's, it's, it's easy to, I wouldn't say easy if you just get one time you get on espn, you gotta know how to capitalize on that.


Right, right. You, you, you one of them. Everybody just think it's only one LeBron. No, it's so many people in the NBA. If you want a name, all you need to do is act like you want a name, do something. You feel me? My favorite player because he just got that aggression. He got that dog in him. Yeah. If folk play like Russ, oh man, how you feel about the NBA without these calls and they can't even really play. How can they let 'em fight? They let 'em, they let 'em go to timeout, come back. What's going on bro? What we doing in basketball? Man? They, They, they did away with that. The, the fans was turned off about that fight like they used to have in the seventies and the eighties and even in the nineties. Hey David Stern said enough of this, Enough Of this bull guy.


They can go, they can go skate and they can go skate, knock out all that rough get out the way we go here, we can't even get a file is it? And and plus DC You making 50 cents a million dollars. I ain't finna get none of that back fight. Oh no, you not finna sit me down for 2030 games. It take $15 million for a punch. Oh, 75,000 for a fine. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hey no, you got 75,000 for a gesture. You throw a punch. Hey, you might get to go sit down two games. That's three $4 million. But see, but then they don't understand like, these are men, these are grown men. These folk got testosterone, these folk playing with aggression. How do you want these folk to play?


Right. If I dunk on you, I'm not going straight back. I'm looking for your mama. I'm like, who paid this? But it's all funny game though. We gonna go to the barbecue and everything, but I gotta talk my shit. Yeah, listen, you, you gotta, you gotta do it in structured manner. I call it control chaos. Yes sir. I control, I call it control chaos. The, the better you are to be able to control yourself but still be, still be chaotic within the parameters of the game and the rules of the game. Right. Then you'll be all right once you, once you push the envelope and, and step across that line.


Right. They gonna take your money every time. But, but do they not understand that even that part of aggression though, it makes the players better because it's like, I want you to be great because Yeah, if you come out here on your A game And I ain't playing, well that mean you got the best of me today. Yeah. That mean I gotta go work on something. Yes sir. But if I'm always good, I don't know how great I really am. But but DC You know how it is, how we are. Even if we are not playing anything, you keep getting in my face. If you get the best of me, I'm gonna swing on you. It's like that. But like, like OG said, you gotta have controlled chaos. Keep in my face.


You just gotta know how to talk smack. You gotta be a better smack talker. That's it. That's all it is. What happened? Think about it. Even when we were in school And we was ragged, if you laugh too much, you got swung on. Not the dude that was cracking the joke. It was the dude about the joke. You laughing too hard. You green you in, you green, you in. Hey I, I got, I got a good one for you. Mount Rushmore. Right. I'm not even Finn ask you about rappers most of the time they always talking about the Mount Rushmore Atlanta rappers. Right. I wanna know Julio, Mount Rushmore, four of Atlanta athletes. I'm Imma give you one, I'ma give you one.


I know, I know you going say his name anyway. No, my number one Julio Jones. He not my number one No. Crazy. About Who? Your number one Mike. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Nobody over Mike. Okay. You right. You right, right. My bad. Boy that Bitch, they're crazy about some Mike V. Did you listen? But listen, all we did is Mike to this day, we just want Mike v, Mike v. Okay. Gotta go with D. Oh, I like that with You. That wasn't Atlanta. You right. You right. What's wrong with you? You right, you right.


I gotta go with Dominique. Okay. That's three. Gotta choose Catholic. You gotta choose Catholic. Who? Like What you mean choose ly? Who you Here I go here I go. Oh. Oh. I gotta go with, I gotta go with it's only one, it's only one left. Now I gotta go with Triple Jones. Man. You ain't taking Triple Jones over though. Hey Karen. Hook Hank. Everything. That's not my, that's how my lead OG don't Care that man. The about this got several hundred. Why Home Run. You gonna talk about Chipper And I love Chipper but damn Chip ain't, I Forgot Hank Aren even played man.


Hey, how you, how you supposed to remember that man? Oh hey, what about on that Hank Aren? BMW and all the damn shops that Hank Aren got got over there. But Look though, but look though, my fifth one would be, it would be Julio though. Okay. Okay. Alright. We Julio, he, he deserving of of of, we gonna add him a a another. Yeah. Yeah. But he gotta go up there with the greats. The greats got, he got to know who was there before. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Def but I definitely want Andrew Jones. But You know Chipper with my, chipper with my dog. Mm. Yeah. I like, Oh, chipper. I mean, look, they love, they love, Hey, I'm sur surprised. Hey, well theoretically he, if y if we'd have said Georgia Athletes, I know you'd put Herschel up there.


You remember Herschel? Yeah. Were you, I Remember Herschel. I remember Hersch. But You know what, You know Brian Davis. Brian Davis played for us, us. I a black man, boy home man. Who? Raven play for The Raven. Oh, play for the Raven man. He from Boy Home man. What, what position? Ray Lewis? Raven Ray Lewis. They from no damn from Right from here in Florida. From Florida. Man. Where he played down here Ain't play don't down here. What the hell are talking About? From, oh, I thought he played down Ray from No, no, Jack Wood.


He ain't from the Swats. He ain't from the blood. Okay. He ain't from Cascade. That, that hood stopped. They carry none of them. Ray from right here in Lakeland and pry from right out here too. Nah, but Pry came up here and got no, Ain't put Holy Field up. How you leave Holyfield off? See, I wasn't even thinking about Holyfield. I know I gotta run it back then. Who want to take Chip? Gotta go, gotta go.


Yeah Man, you gotta have a champ up there. Gotta have a champ. But the Champ did his thing. Yes sir. Hey, at your question, You got into the, the comedic space. Who was some of your influences, your style that you, that you Like? You know what? I kinda like your style. Lemme see if I can incorporate some of this into mind. It, it's not really just incorporating. It's like when you, when you a student and it's just like when you playing football, man, y'all got people to make sure that your techniques are on point. Yes. Y'all got people that you gotta run through drills. You gotta go through the courses to make sure you fire. So it's just like people like Mike Epps, man, he teach me about longevity. You feel me? When you watch and study somebody like that, you like, nah, that's naturally funny.


That's longevity. So one thing you wanna do is just like, go up there and have fun and look how long you can do it. Cool. Yeah. Learn that from him. And then you got people like Kat, You know what I'm saying? You like, okay, that's wrong. You feel me? You don't wanna switch up. You, you want, you want, if you want to go for what You know, go for what You know. Then you got people like Dave who got a pen. You feel me? He don't let men go to waste very socially conscious. He gonna pin it up. You feel what what I'm saying? You got people like you got some ladies, man, you got ladies like Dominique. Like don't, don't don't Woo. Yeah. She'll come on the stage and rip it. Lavelle Crawford. So it's, it's, it's just, I'm, I'm just a student of the game, man. You know, I like to see why people are funny.


Like that's when I look at, when I look at other comments, I be like, I I wonder why people like them. And then when you just listen to it, you just be like, that's just them. Yeah. And you just gotta find you. When you realize that you just gotta find you. The more you on stage, you'll just find you. The word on the street is that Warner Brothers green Lit Friday. It's the last Friday in the installment. Come on Smokey. And You know this Man, listen, I come from the hood, you just can't be lying to me. You can't be lying to me like that. Just know what if I would've never been working. Mm. And I would've just been waiting then. But I'm like, hey, but You know, they about to put me in the left.


I gotta move nothing. Yeah. What if it don't happen? Mm. I gotta keep working. Yeah. Right. But what we can do is create a whole nother chemistry with certain actors and actresses. You see what I'm saying? So it like what we looking for the name or we want the actors or actresses. IW we would hope that it would come back, but what if it don't come back y'all? Well do that mean that we stopped creating? Right. No. Do that mean we don't make a movie? Do that mean me And you can't be in a movie or it had to be Friday? Mm. Even let do it the day after Thursday. Hell, Hell, hell we call it Wednesday. We call it Thursday. I'm telling the day before the day. Two days after Wednesday. Hell yeah. You didn't get it.


You feel me? But I, I hope it, I hope it's in the, the mix. You know what I'm saying? I hope it's in the worse. But people don't understand like when you dealing with big entities like that, that it's like real estate. If it's six people on this particular, You know what I'm saying? Id, it can't none get sold to get cleared to all six of 'em on the same page. Oh yeah. Right. You feel me? Yeah. What DC what you got coming up next? What, what, what's on the horizon for DC Man? Mo 85 South. You dig what I'm saying? Mo movies, mo tv shows. We in the executive bad man. You know what I'm saying? I'm starting to incorporate people that I find funny. You know what I'm saying? Like Jack, like Jack Funny Money Bag Mafia.


You dig what I'm saying? It's a, it's a lot of people that's out there. You know, my boy Blake, the great you dig us 2,500. We just, we just trying to figure out like how do I incorporate my people and continue to grow and just continue to just, You know what I'm saying? Creating a space man. You know what I'm saying? Because when you an executive, you gotta understand where you playing at in this game. Right. You gotta know what type of player you is in this game. Sometimes you be selling to the wrong people. Right Now I just heard you, I just heard you mention some people that you felt was funny. And the funny thing about it is you didn't really mention my name now. I ain't know you be doing no funny. You funny ocho. Yeah. I you funny looking, but I dunno.


Hey, but listen, why Don, why he, why he so Dogg with a black backdrop? Why do you do that? Listen, Light cut, light on. Listen, listen. Jays on, listen. He got a black shade. He's super dog with a, with a, with a black backdrop. But I, I'm, I'm trying to talk business. I don't wanna roast. We, I roast you at the end of the show right now. I'm talking about me. Okay. I'm, I'm talking about, I'm trying to, I'm trying to jump on the bandwagon now. I'm trying to do some comedy too now. One thing about it. Now I can You glad to change your backdrop? Huh? You want me to turn the light on? You can't see this And we can't see you. Damn that that's, that's that messed up. Yeah, you should have your light on made us a lot of money to have this damn light on.


And you got the light off It. It's, it's, it's it. Hey listen, you, you light light your head keep floating. You it don't even look. Hey, You know unc, I gotta pay an electricity bill. That shit be sky High. I know they pay boo's paying for it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Boo's paying for Electricity. Bill. I got you. I got you boo. I my boo I'm gonna plug that thing in. Hey, hold on, hold on. So what's up og? When we going on, we, I can do standup too. Now ain't you supposed to be fighting somebody? I'm gonna, I'm gonna whip that in nigga ass. Don't worry about that. But I wanna do some standup first. Put your ass all over the place. You need to focus on something. What you wanna do, man?


You want listen, A boxer or you wanna do standup? Listen boxer, comedian. I do standup soccer, football tv. Now you do do soccer p podcast. I I did, I did see that. Now you do by standup. You gotta get on stage G. That, that's easy. I could do that. That's not easy. Why? People think it's easy. That's not easy. Hold on, hold on. Listen. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. State me real quick. At the improv, You know Marvin Dixon, right? Yo, Benji Brown, right? Yo, when they had the improv on Tuesdays, while I was in the league during the off season, I never missed the improv on a Tuesday when the first you were going up, when the first comment got booed, who you think it finished when it went up there and finished the set? Not you man, as Benji Brown and Martin Dixon bought me Born on stage.


What, what you helping somebody out or you was going on stage? No, no, no, no, no. What I, what? I, I'm funny. What? Why you always think I went to the principal office in high school? Because they ain't know if you went to the school or not. Nah. Oh, You know. Hey, I was back there in the bungalow. Now I was back there in the bungalow. I'll tell, I'll tell you. No lie. Hey, I already know it. Hey, His school, his school was transportable. You driving around? They could drive to McDonald's. Oh yeah. They driving on the field trip. The whole school. He was over that. He was over that extra part of the school. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. They ain't had to worry about nothing. Look, he he taking class over there in the trailers. Oh.


Oh. But y'all shout out. Hey, all episodes of Hawks and Friends are currently on Nightcap. YouTube, pa homepage Uhoh. Including the latest episode that just dropped Dyson Daniels. I can't even pronounce this guy's last name. What? Don't get don't get The congu. Yeah. Building chemistry, locker room music and nicknames. DC Thanks for joining us, bro. Thank Your Show. Show to Shaha Media. We're gonna blow this thing outta the water. Thank you. Atlanta Hawk. Yes sir. We're gonna have a press release tomorrow because I, that showed that the Hawks have a lot of confidence in us, Ocho and Shaha Media. Most definitely. And what we've been able to build in a very short period of time DC Thank you for trusting us. Love, appreciate You.


Yes sir. Hey, double salute. Boy. I appreciate y'all man. Anytime y'all meet me. But You know what's happening. Alright? That's what, that's what it is, bro. We'll get at you. All right, love baby. Alright. Appreciate you DC man. That was dope, bro. I'm finna be a Comedian, man. Dude, hey. He own one all the time. Funny, funny.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras. Sinners arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known. If the cops and everything would've done the job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley, season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Naturally. Oh, Joe Dan Hurley says he regrets this game is a postgame out postgame outburst. Dan Hurley reflected on the f-bombs directed to Baylor players about officiating, which was sparked by a call he didn't agree with during the contest. Hurley regrets how it all played out. That was embarrassing. I wish somebody could have stopped me. I gotta give somebody that I think that maybe could just walk under me off the court. Maybe like a, a call college football. You weren't listening, you ain't gonna listen. Nobody. You, you would like, it's hard ocho when you in that moment. Yeah. And you feel like you just gotta get one of them off. Oh yeah. He knows it. He's a very, he's a, a very passionate coach.


He is the two time national champ. Yeah. He's going for a threepeat, something that hadn't been done since the wooden days, right. In the late sixties, early seventies. But at that point in time, I'm not so sure he was so riled up and he, it, he genuinely believed that that call cost him. Right. Listen, This is what I don't like. Why are you apologizing for how you feel? Remember what I told you about telling the truth? There are certain times where you have to be politically correct And you just can't be yourself. And actually explain how you really feel and be passionate about something. It's okay. Yeah. Immediately as professional as he is, and Dan is, allow him to really express himself on how he truly feels.


Instead of bite, instead of bite the bullet or bite the tongue. It's okay to be, it's okay to show us some time. It's okay. You don't have to be a political robot all the time and say everything. Right. It's Okay. Well, you don't wanna get express How you feel for a change. It's Different. You don't wanna get that caught on cameras. Oh, okay. Okay. You're dealing with college, you dealing with college kids and the cameras are on you. You can't say, we got Ed And I hope you guys don't get Ed because that what just happened to us. You can't do that. Okay. You're right. You can't. Okay. Because you gotta realize you are the CEO of UConn. Right? Those, those, those, those, the boosters.


Yeah. The, the, the, what do they call them? The president or chancellor, whatever the, whatever the provost, whatever they go by at said university. Do You think, do you think they see something like that and be Like, You know what, we don't like that. Or, You know what, that's what we need. No, that's what we need. We need, we need a coach with that kind of passion. That's, We like your passion, but we, you understand that's what happened. Okay. Okay. That's why you're apologizing. Okay. And he liked that seven, $8 million that he collected a year. Yes, sir. Don't, don't mess your money up. Yeah. I, I, I Now, Hey, when I get into the locker room, hey, cut them cameras off. Right. Man, they screwed us. Everybody know they screwed us.


Okay. I Got you That I wasn't gonna use the word screw. I will use the word that he used. Right. We've all been in the locker room And we owe cut cameras off. Hey, and then boom, boom, boom. Hey, when, when them cameras off, boy's different. Absolutely. You get me. It's different when them cameras off. Of Course. But I think the thing, I think he's right. Hey, let me get somebody right. That a, because when emotion is high, logic is low. You throw caution to the wind. We've all been there. O Joe, we get to a point. It ain't no turning back. Right. So what you need to do is have somebody before you get to said point, come on. But a, come on O to a come on coach. A I know. We frustrated right now. Hey, take it out on me.


Being on me. Hey, why in the hell you call that? Why in the hell you get such and such? Why did you tell me? You right, coach. It's on me. Yeah. You gotta have somebody Like, You know, in a situation, you out with your lady, you gotta have a lady that's strong enough. Hey baby, you ain't gonna mess up this money. Come on f them. Hey, hey. He ain't had no chance. So don't even worry about all that. I know who I'm going home. I know who I'm going home to get poked on. Oh yeah. Hey, I'm cool with that. I'm cool with it. Whoa. So all that other stuff where he talking? Yeah. I mean I, I've had a situation where, You know, I'm talking to me and this dude I'm talking 'cause I know him.


Right. But he got a partner. Okay? He, He, he up there smiling, wining at wining at the lady that went, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. He was, yes, Yes, but no, no. But I, but I'm saying I don't know him. I know the dude that he's with. Right. Him And I, I, I've known him for long, long time. He was a couple years, he's a couple years younger than me. And so she brought it to my attention. She said, Hey, I want you to say nothing, but I handled it. I said, what you handle? Right? Right. He say, your boy that you was with his partner kept looking at me winking and smiling, blowing kisses.


I walked up to him and told him I'm with him. And I think you, I think that's very, I say that, that's very unprofessional. Right. I said, you don't do no stuff like that. Right. Hold on. UNC buddy must have been drunk or something. He Wasn't drunk. He wasn't drunk, but so check this out. As he's getting, after he was getting ready to leave, I dapped him up. Yeah. She, he did it again. So I was about to go, whoa. You know, I'm go, You did it again. Yes. See, that's, see that's why you need me with you sometime when you go places. That's why you need me with you, man. You need you enforcer with you. Man. That's like, that's, that's not, listen, that's total disrespect. It is not just to you, but to her as well.


Because Yeah. Matter Of fact, You know? Yeah. After, after she, after she had done told Oh, told him what time it is. Yeah. She told him what the play was And you still trying to back do my dog like that, man. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm a, I'm a, I'm, I, I, I, I, I brought it to, I brought it to it, the old boy attention. Yeah. He like, man, I'm sorry that won't happen, blah, blah, blah. You know? I said Cool. I said, I ain't got no problem. I got bro. I said, me And you, I know you. Yeah. They know it. You, you cool. We always gonna be cool. Yes sir. But I'm just, I'm just saying everybody ain't going be like unc in a position that he got stuff to lose. Right. Right, Right, right. Some situation she would've told it, but she told it in such a way Right.


As to diffuse the situation. Right. I handled it. Yeah. That what I mean. Hey, listen, only only time people do stuff like that. I'm telling you he had a little lick in his system. My, that's lick liquid courage. Being able to pull stuff up, pull stuff off like that when You know, You know, listen, that's my friend. Okay. He with somebody And you still sitting there winking and smiling. Yeah. And trying to catch somebody's attention. Trying to see if she gonna play. You know? All right. That okay bro? I'm like, bro, I mean look, Ocho, we all done been around. Look, if you a professional athlete. Yeah. You done been around situation. Oh yeah. Where somebody got a bad lady? Yeah. Somebody got a bad wife. Yes sir. Or she might not even be, I don't know what she is to him, but she's with him. So that for I look at it, she's on limits.


Oh Yeah. Oh. I don't care what she is. She's his wife. You automatically know that she's a significant other. You know that. Even if it's somebody, he just met y'all together. Okay, cool. And You know, we already know. Now remember the conversation Gillum had a long time ago. Remember that episode? Yeah. You know, You know, You know as the NB NBA players, NFL players, you already know who's off limits. Yes. You know who's off limits. Yes. Now everybody else. Oh, green light. You save one. Now you can't say, you can't say, oh this, I got a wife And I got a girl. No, you can't do that. No, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That don't work. That don't Work. You get one, you one, you can put one up on a shelf. That and that's it. That's it. Everybody else, I don't care who it is.


It's a green light. Yes. I don't care if your wife, she your girl or you just met her. You got one. You get to keep one. That's it. It's like you, Hey, hey. It's like you go to the store and your mom say you pick one thing out. You can get a soda. You can get chips. You can get cookies, or you can get candy. But you can't get 'em all. You get one. You can't get 'em all. Okay. Okay. It's, it's, it's, it's a rule. And it's been a rule like that for years. That's, it's nothing. There's nothing new. That one is always off limits. Yes. Now, anything outside of that, I don't care who it is. I don't care how long y'all been talking. I don't care how long you known each other, or there's a green light and nine times outta 10 in that circle with us.


She going, No. It was like, but I was like, bro, I was like, babe, You know what, boy, it, it, it, it was rough out there. Ocho Yeah. It was rough out there. Yeah. It was rough out there. Yeah. Charles Barkley was back in San Antonio for the NCA men's basketball Championship game on Monday. And he couldn't leave without reigniting a friendly Robbie with the city and their big old women after being handed the mic thinking everyone in the tennis Chuck made sure to pour out ladies who counted all of Alamo city at home. Y'all got some big Bs out here. He said, bad chunk man, Chuck, Chuck got his mind, man.


Hey, when, when did, when did that start? Why, why he have beef with the, the people out there saying that It go back decades. He's always say, oh, this old. Because, You know, he like that. Yeah. Yeah. But he, he reignited. 'cause he say, man, y'all got some big old women out here. He, he been saying that. Right, right, right. And You know what, Chuck, once he finds something that just like most people, once they find something that bothers you. Right. Chuck going and You know, they would writing and say, I can't believe you said that about San Antonio. He like, y'all do. Y'all just got some big old women out here and You know Shaq, Shaq with like from San Antonio Shaq with to high school and everything. Right. So Shaq just be laughing. Right. Shaq don't make it any better because he laughing.


What did he, what what did he say? Chuck? What? How, how he look Chuck, he be gassing. Chuck up and You know, Chuck, hey, put that battery in his package. Just let him go. Yeah. That's funny man. Well, that is fun. Russell Westbrook avoided the media for three games after he screwed up the wolves after Lee gave him a warning. This is not how, this is how he reacted after the nuggets lost to the Pacers last night. Let's take a look. Ocho You guys need to clean up right now and get right before the end of the regular season. I'm not sure, to be honest. Your coach just mentioned the urgency of the situation, trying to avoid the play in right now.


Do you feel like in this locker room, there's a sense of urgency? I don't know man. You know, not sure. Michael Morris called this team one of the most resilient in the league this season. You obviously are able to draw from so many experiences. What can you kind of try to draw from to, to help this team in this situation? Oh, I don't have the answer for you, man. I wish I did, but unfortunately I don't. You know. But What, what's frustrating you the most right now? I mean, probably just losing it, You know, Where's the confidence that this description figure something out the next three games and, You know, be on the right path.


Heading end postseason. I hope it's high. I can't speak for everybody in the locker room, but, You know, my head stays high. Get ready for Wednesday. Hmm. Y y you'all like answer. Lemme ask you a question though. Lemme ask you a question. Talk to me. And this, this is, you've been in the locker room, but I've been in the locker room. Oh yeah. We have, we've had some great wins. We've had some terrible losses. Yes, sir. Had they won these games, is he acting, behaving in this manner? Probably not. Your answers are always different when you're on a high And you won a game. Huh? You know that now, most of the time as a player, as a competitor, especially Russell Westbrook, You know how he carried himself? He carried everything on his shoulders.


Very passionate, very enthusi, very enthusiastic about the way he plays. You know, when things aren't going well, he wears that on the shoulders. You know that? Why did they go well, who missed that layup? Who turned the ball over? Right. Right. Now he didn't. Going three games. Yes, sir. Without talking to the media. Right. You know, that's, that's a party of your obligation. That's intimacy. That's a part of the obligation Yeah. To talk to me. That's why you make the big bucks. Yes, sir. And now when things go bad, you don't want to talk. But when he was getting those triple doubles, you couldn't beat him to the microphone. Yes, sir. That Yes sir. You see ocho Yeah. I tell people this all the time.


What you do is your profession. A profession, a profession that's a professional, a pro is how you go about doing your job. Right. There are entirely two different things and sometimes people confuse the two. You can be a professional without being a pro, And you can be a pro without being a professional. One thing I prided myself, I I hated to lose ocho. Yeah. I did. I would, when I was growing up, I would cry. I would kick things and tear things. And my greatest say, I'm gonna tell you ass up because you going not gonna win everything in life. Right. And you not gonna be doing this.


I just don't get it, man. Yeah. That's just, Hey, Hey, I, I I I got a question And you, You know, me not, I mean, You know, we, You know, west Westbrook real well. I westbrook I don't know. I just know from, I, I just, from what I see, Watch, play. But you listen that, that's my homeboy, a very good friend of mine. The, the games where he didn't speak the games where, where they have been may have been caused by him and his hes or what might have been. Yeah. Do you, do you fault him for not talking to the media without, without having, would not have having a cool down and having the chance of saying the wrong things? Yes. Okay. Okay. You go three games. Yeah. Yeah. So lemme ask you. So, so, oh, so now No, I'm just asking you, I'm gonna ask you a question.


I'm just asking. No, it seemed so everybody else, Nicole Yogis had to stand up there and take Cooper even though he had that 61 point triple double. Yes sir. He had to stand there and face the music. Yes sir. Face music, everybody else has to stand and face the music. You see, I'm big on accountability. Right. If I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I just have to be mad enough to come stand before you the game again. I was wrong. Right. I was wrong. I made a mistake. Right. I've gotta be better. I'm not perfect. I like That. But my, my goal is to hopefully one day that, to show you that this is not who I am. Right. No matter what it is Ocho Yeah. No matter what it is. Because I've been in a situation where I've lost, like I said, I dropped a touchdown that would've given us home field advantage throughout the playoffs.


You go stand before the music. Yeah. Because I believe sunshine's gonna follow rain. I'm not gonna drop anymore. Come on now. But if I do, I'm gonna be mad enough to stand before you and says, Hey, I dropped it. This was on me. Right. John threw a perfect pass. Everybody did everything right. All I had to do was my job in that situation. Guess the ball. I failed. Yes sir. This don't put it on anybody else. Don't talk about it's no team. It Yes, it's a team, but that plate, they trusted me in that moment And I let 53 guys down And I let everybody in the stadium And I let every Bronco fan down. Yeah. That's on me. I gotta wear that. I like it. And I don't just wear it for tonight. I wear it for the rest of my life.


That's live is what it is. Now Listen, listen. Now that's live. But you do have to understand everybody doesn't conduct themselves. No. That manner and not that kind of professional manner. That's that's But see what you did. But, but hold on. That's A good one. That was good. We just, we just talked about this last night. Yeah. What do we want women to do? Except what? Accountability. Ooh, they ain't gonna never do that, huh? But I hear you. I hear you talking. You can't ask them to accept accountability if you're not willing to accept accountability. Mm. That is, hey, this, this, that, that's, You can never ask more than you willing to give. Hey, that's, that's, it's two different sides of the spectrum. But I like where you're going with it. 'cause I'm picking up what you're putting down though. I tell you that. That's a good one. Accountability. Accountability. Yes.


You have to be, you have to hold yourself accountable. Yes. Yes. We're not perfect. The hardest thing for me to learn is my sister say, Shannon, as much as you try to be perfect, you're not going to be Mm. I understand. You do all this stuff And you want, but Shannon, you are human and a lot of times humans have frailties. We have vices. You own it And you try to move forward. Yes, sir. I, I just don't like this. I don't like this. Russ is too good of a player. He's been a good player for a long time. He's not the same player that he once was, but he's a, he's a a a, a a, he's a good player in this situation that he's in.


It's not like this is the first time that Russ has had a snafu that potentially that didn't help his team win. Right. It happens. Yeah. And listen, he's had many times that he's had, he has helped his team win. Yes. You know, just so happened to be on the other. You just so happened to be on the other side of the story right now and clay Long enough. Yeah. Play long. Think about it. Peyton, Tom, everybody, all the great Michael, LeBron, Kobe, everybody's had moments like that. If you play long, if you play long enough, yeah. You are going to have moments like what he had. I don't, I don't think any lesser Russ, because I mean, look, he missed a layup.


He not the first professional athlete, the first professional hall of Fame MVP player to miss a layup. Right. Patrick, you ain't miss one of the playoffs. Y'all remember against the pacers point blank. He got caught in between, do I dunk it or do I and he hit it. Boom. Hit the back of the iron. Happens play long enough. If you play a sport long enough, you're gonna have something happen. Oh yeah. You'll have, if you play baseball, you gonna miss a, you gonna miss a fly a ball, you going to have an era and lead the runs. It happens. It's a part game. But I just wish in that situation that wouldn't have happened.


But it is. Hopefully, hopefully it's something that he can learn from and hey, move forward and play well in the playoffs and all this thing will be a thing of the past Winning cures all. And does The volume,


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one? Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.