
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Coming soon to Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson, we have to Catch this serial killer. I don't count For afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Killer thinks he's The smartest guy in the room. Al de Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have Another chance. The clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash in other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. And a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. Alabama Runs wild over the LSU Tigers in Death Valley. 42 13 Jalen Mel Row had 12 carries for a buck 85. They ran the ball 48 times for 311 yards and six touchdowns as LSU had no answer for the v running game of the Alabama Crimson tide. Thank you for joining us. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite. 85 Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast.


Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every podcast, every subscriber matters. We thank you for helping us matter because without you, there is no Nightcap. There is no UNC in ocho. So thank you again very much. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if we're currently not in a city or a state near you, you can order it And with the holidays right around the corner, you'll get it in time to celebrate Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's. Three big holidays in succession, all within the next 60 days. And you'll have Shaa ba la Porter to bring into your certifications. Ma, please make sure you go check out my media company page on all platforms.


Follow it. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had our new releases that dropped last month. Oh, and we had some dropped this month. What we dropped last month was, I was hell when I was, well, I'll lie for you before I lie to you in black hoodies. We all dropped those. And by popular demand to stay with me now came back as a hoodie. And of course our bestsellers, which is the UNC and OCHO tees, we got a lot of requests OCHO, for having a UNC and OCHO tee to being black. We listen, put those in just as of last week. Quantities are limited. Please make sure you grab yours while supplies last.


ORI mentioned it earlier, the number 11 Alabama Crimson tide goes into Death Valley. beatdown the number 15 LSU Tigers by the score of 42 to 14. Jalen Mill Monroe was sensational last night. Last night tonight. He did not put the ball in harm's way. And that's what they're gonna have to do in order for them to go to the place that they want to go, which is the SEC championship. Got their work cut out for 'em because they have two losses and there are a lot of teams that only have one loss. So they got hope, right? They gotta continue to win. And then hope somebody else knocks off a Tennessee or Texas a and m and some of these other schools that have only one loss. Jaylen Mill Monroe throwing the ball tonight was 12 of 18, 109 yards, but that's not where he did his damage.


12 carries a buck, 85, 4 touchdown. And the last rushing touchdown, a 72 yarder was the basically straw that broke the Campbell's back. But I don't think no one really thought after watching this game for as long as they did, they thought LSU was ever gonna come back and win this game. Yeah, 48 rushes, 311 yards, six touchdowns for Alabama. And a very opportunistic defense. O Joe Alabama did a great job of of, of when they got close. When LSU got close, picked him off once in the end zone, picked him a strip sack once Alabama had turned it over on Downs. The very next play Alabama defense is rise. Defense rise to the occasion and takes the ball right back.


Jalen Mel Monroe runs it in for a touchdown. And basically, once the game got 21 6, looking at the way LSU was their inability to consistently move the ball. I felt very comfortable. Unless Alabama did something crazy like turn the ball over, let 'em get a scoop and score or pick six. I didn't think they could do enough. LSU could offensively and I, I think Brian Kelly is probably banging his head. He is like, man, this was a game and it was, you know, it started raining and you know, Ocho you know, when it starts raining, the likelihood of you throwing the ball isn't very good. And so now you gotta rely on your running attack. And that's what Alabama did.


Alabama put the ball in their best player's hand, which is Jalen. And he delivered. And when he's playing, like he's like, he played tonight. Yeah, they're gonna be hard to beat, beat kinda like when he played against Georgia, but there are some games that they lost where he turned the ball over. And Alabama defense isn't what it once was. They used to go get your quarterback before because they had the Quinny Williams, they had the Jonathan Allens, they had the D lineman that could go hunt and they had the corners and safeties on the back end that could, that could, you know, you had Ctan and you had a lot McKinney. They don't have those type of players right now, ocho. And so it's hard to consistently get pressure on the quarterback unless they bring additional pressure and then you sacrifice your back end.


But I thought Alabama came to play tonight. They knew it was at stake. You lose this game, there goes the chance at the SEC championship. There goes the ch there's the opportunity for the, the college football playoffs. This was a game that they had to have and they went on the road and got it. But listen, also, it's very important, like the quarterback play has to be consistent. Yes. What happens even with the games they do have left, what happens when you, you have a game where you can't be one dimensional, where you can't just run the ball up and down the field. What happens when it's not raining? So Miro is going to have to be efficient from the pocket and being able to be elusive and extend plays and be off script with it and not turn the ball over. Because some games you're gonna play, you're not gonna be able to run like that.


Oh yeah. You're not gonna be able to have four touchdowns and run down the field for 70, 70, 70 yards however long his, his longest run was. So if Alabama from the quarterback position can be as efficient as he was tonight in the passing game, when they don't allow you to run, Alabama has a chance. They will have a chance. Yeah. I I thought the offensive line did a pretty good job of protecting him. LSU thought they had got it, got a stop on third down, but they got a face mask call and the next thing you know, they go down the field and score a touchdown. But when you look at this game, you're absolutely right. Look, Ryan Williams has been quiet the last couple of weeks. Obviously they've been paying a lot more attention to him than what they have in the beginning of the season because a lot of people probably thinking a 17-year-old guy that should be going to his, his high school prom has no business playing college football.


But he was outstanding earlier, but now they're paying a little bit more attention to him. I I, I just feel Ocho as long as Melroe don't, doesn't put the ball in harm's way. Alabama is, they're not the Alabama, they're not Nick Saban's, Alabama. Yeah. When they had Tua and they had, who's the other quarterback that they had? What's the Greg McElroy? They had another one. They won ponder, they won a championship with Ponder. They won another one with that. Brent Musburger was going go, go Gaga over his girlfriend. What, what was that? What was that one? AJ McCarran. Hey, Listen, they don't have defenses to support the team like those guys and like those quarterbacks had defenses, You know why, you know why they don't have the same players or they're not as dominant as they used to be?


What's that? That got NIL That NIL huh? Yeah. The NIL and even the playing field with all the big schools that have the boosters and have the money to be able to afford the players. Yeah. So now everybody's spread out all over the place. Now the playing field is even now, coaching comes into play that much more when it comes to playing some of the better schools that are just as equal as you when it comes to talent and skill level. Yeah. Yeah. And so Alabama and a game they absolutely had to have in order to cut their college football playoff hopes alive to keep their SEC West hopes alive. They had to win this game by any means necessary. And they did it behind a very, very vaunted running attack.


Jalen Ro 12 carries of buck 85, 4 touchdowns. They got six carries for 21 yard, 27 yards in a touchdown from young Hanes had a touchdown. So, I mean, you can't, you can't play any better run the ball any better than what they ran it. 48 carriers, 311 yards, six touchdowns with a long of 72. And they did it. Like I said, they did a great job of neutralizing LS u's running game. LSU had 24 for a buckle four. That's not even five yards of carry. That's more like, that's a little over. I mean, excuse me, that's not even five yards of carry. It's a little over four yards of carry. Right. You could live, you could live with that OCHO and they had 239 passing yards.


But a lot of it was late in the ball game. The game ball game was pretty much in hand. And like I said, they did a great job of keeping Nus Meyer off off schedule. They pressured him just enough that when he had times he saw ghosts, he saw things that weren't there. He never got comfortable sitting his feet and throwing the football with any level of consistency. Right. And that's what you have to do. Even if you don't get the quarterback on the ground, you pressure 'em enough that they start to see ghosts and they start to feel the pressure, even though you're not close enough to cause any damage. They speed themselves up Feet. They speed themselves up. So Alabama number 11, Alabama keeps their college football playoff hopes alive. And their SEC title hopes alive with a 42 13 win over number 15 LSU in Death Valley.


Number 20, Colorado goes on the road. Hey, take down Texas Tech by the score of 41 27 Colorado followed four punts in the beginning of the game with four touchdowns in a field goal to take the lead. 31 20 after three quarters, Shado Sanders threw two touchdown passes and ran for a score. Travis Hunter had nine catches, 99 yards on a touchdown. UR was 30 or 43, 2 91. Shiloh recovered a fumble, ran into the end zone with 51 seconds left. Colorado has won his third consecutive game in his own pace to play in the Big 12 championship game with a chance. Yeah. To qualify for the 12 team college football playoffs. Let's go. That's what I'm talking about.


Hey, you, you know what I like, I like the schematically, what they did defensively. Normally, God damn Colorado defensively, they play man to man. 70 I damn near 73, 70 3% of the time today. They zoned up. They switched it up a little bit knowing that goddamn Texas Tech gonna come by there and throw that thing a hundred times the game. And they switched things up a little bit that I think that was smart on their part. That was smart on their part. Travis Hunter Punk, I just, I gotta ask you. Yeah. Has your thought on Travis Hunter being able to play both sides of the ball at the next level? No, not at the Next level. No changed at all. No ly changed yet? No. Okay. I I I just wanna, I just, I just wanna know, you say running game defensively, they did very well against the running game as well.


So you Could live, I mean, Texas Tech ran the ball 46 times for a 113 yards. That's not even three yards of carry. Nah, it was, it was bad. They, they, they held, oh, I can't remember what's the back name. He, he's supposed to last name Brook 31 for 1 37, 4 yards of care you can give, you can live with that. But they sacked the quarterback enough and it took, it took yardage away because when you sack the quarterback, it takes away from your Russian yard. So Yeah, if he doesn't take those away, Ocho it's, it's a decent day. But he, they didn't, he didn't hurt him. Nah, he didn't. And and you know what, they were getting pressure, they were getting four man pressure too.


Yes. They were getting pressure getting, you know, getting, getting to move around. So they, they had some success and they looked, they looked different defensively. Especially playing like it was, it was Texas text playing the Colorado team of last year. I think it would've been a different score. I do too. I Think it would've, it would've been a different score. Well I think the thing is, look, they're a man team, but when you play a team that likes to throw the ball like Texas Tech, you zone it off, they change it up. You don't, because you don't wanna get rubbed off or too. 'cause a lot of times, you know, they run a lot of, now Texas Tech don't, doesn't throw it like they once did when they had Patrick Mahomes, when they had Harold Yeah. Graham Harrell. And they had all these other quarterbacks. They don't throw it like that. They're a little bit, a little bit more balanced, but they can throw it.


But I thought it was smart because they're thinking One thing that they're gonna get a lot of, a lot of man, and they get a lot of zone. And so I thought it confused them early on. And then once Colorado was able to settle in face, they took off. Like I said, like, you know, we started off by saying they had four straight punts and then all of a sudden they go touchdown, touchdown, touchdown field goal, I mean touchdown, touchdown field goal. And they did a great job of really controlling the game. After that. I thought Ocho, they should have put the game away a lot earlier. Where some of those were those Yeah. Way the game should have been On. It should have never come down. It should have never come down to it. It was a seven point game with like a minute, 10 minute, 15 seconds left in the ball game and you end up having to get a scooping score because this game should do and all your start, a lot of your starters with the, except the offensive line 'cause you don't dress 10, 11 offensive linemen should have been on the sidelines.


But I I I, I thought Pat got a little bit conservative in his play calling and maybe times like, Hey look, let's not do anything crazy. Defense is doing a great job. Hey defense, continue to pressure the quarterback. Let's try to take the ball away. But it didn't give up anything cheap. The guy made a great play on the touchdown to pull him within seven. He made a great play. Give him credit for that. But I, I love the way Colorado was playing. Who did, who did they have next week? Ash Speaking? Not even next week. Look at the next three, the next three games I, I looked at, if I looked at this guy, I think it's Utah, Kansas, and somebody else, they got, they got a chance, they really got a good chance to run the next three games. They got Utah, Kansas, and Oklahoma State.


Oklahoma. Yeah. I think Kansas beat Oklahoma State today. Right? Utah is not the power team that they, that they've been over the last couple of years. Yeah. So that's, yeah, they, They, that's win. OTCU beat Oklahoma State. Who did Kansas beat? Kansas beat somebody today? UCF Kansas beat UCF. And so look, Oklahoma is not what they, Oklahoma State isn't what they've been in the past couple of years. Utah isn't what they've been in the last couple years. That that doesn't mean Iowa Okay. Yeah. Iowa State. That doesn't mean that they can't raise up and play above what they've been playing and beat you.


You still have to bring your best package, your best pass protection, your best run game, your best defense. Right? And let's see what happens. Right? I think time will have 'em ready to play seven and two. They won 10 games. That's the first time that they had a coach to win. Go win 10 wins to, in a combined seasons since Gary Barnett in 99 in 2000. That just goes to show you a team that won four games last year. Looks like it's about to double that win total up this year. There are a lot of people that's disappointed that Coach Prime is doing so well because there are a lot of people that want to see him fail. Oh, For whatever, for whatever reason. Maybe he didn't do an interview with you. Maybe you don't like the way you know that they call him a false prophet.


I don't get it. I don't know why. Yeah. It's not like you go into his church, you're not a member of his congregation. This is the the funny thing, even the, even the people that wanna see him fail on think about everything. If you, if you follow Coach Prime's career every day, you go everywhere he goes. Even if whether it was on the field or whether it's off the field. Everything he does and puts his time in, it turns a goal. Everything he does, he does and puts his time in it comes into fruition and there's success behind it. So if you watch him at the high school level, he succeeded. If you watch him at the collegiate level, even at Jackson State, he succeeded. Right. It was only a matter of time even here at Colorado. Now you think about what he's done so far in such a short amount of time, what you think it's gonna look like next year, what you think gonna happen when the portal happened hit next year?


Well, what you think kid is gonna wanna do? I'm gonna worry about this year because let's dig, get another and Travis Hunter, let, let's go ahead. Let's go ahead. Let's go ahead. Get get this year out the way right Now. You, you know, you know they gonna get a quarterback, you know, the quarterbacks are going to wanna come play there. I don't think that's gonna be the issue. Yeah. Getting another skilled player, getting another skilled player and snatching somebody else from one of those other Power five schools. Oh, they, you know, Should do. And, and, and, and, and Travis can be a top can both be top five picks. Now what's the likelihood you get two top five picks outta the portal? Absolutely. So what's the, like what's the likelihood of you getting two top five picks outta the portal? Hey Unc, it's some, it's some, it's some young bulls out there that can play some ball there.


Now the, the chance of getting two top five picks, I don't know. But you can get some very, very good quality players, especially quarterback. I don't think we gonna see another traffic center for a while. We can see another receiver, we can see another dynamic receiver that might transfer and hit the portal and come out. Yeah. But we won't see a two-way player like that.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pods where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's, the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, blacks, and our iconic alpr goddess slip bonds. You name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part when you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect for date night or girls night, apple picking or game day. We are the brand to support the life you leave. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video this Thursday it's in NF C's battles. The Washington Commanders visit the Philadelphia Eagles. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. You gotta love explosive rookie quarterbacks as well as crazy coaches that can do anything at any moment. I am dialed for this game. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight. Live from Philadelphia. Not a prime member. Not a problem. Simply Sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the commanders and the Eagles at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com. Good job. Thanks.


This holiday season, skip the cruise socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too with new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game with without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com.


Now I just think the thing is, look, I mean I I to openly root for somebody to not have success and I get it right, you know everybody because they expect black people to be, be humble, be glad you're coaching, be glad you got this. Be be humble. Right, right, right, right. They always expect us, but you know why, why gotta be humble. It ain't bragging if I do what I say I can. Right, Right, right. And the thing is, because a lot of times, because he was so great, I mean to be a professional football player and a baseball player simultaneously.


Yeah. So, well we couldn't root against we, I mean we couldn't do it say anything bad about him because he was at the top of his game in one sport and he was a damn good player in another sport. So now I guess the only thing we can do is just root against his team. Root against his players. Yeah. Yeah. And if I, and look, sometimes I expect sometimes of, of other people to do that. I just didn't expect that from from, but I should expect it because where it's coming from, from some the people, some of the people that's coming from, I expect nothing less. Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Because they've always done it. They've always done it Most of the time, for one, we are not even afforded opportunities to be at, be in positions of power like that to be leaders of men, especially young men at that.


Yes. So you already know what it comes with. Especially when you have a coach that's not afraid to say what he needs to say. He walks a certain way, he talks a certain way and he doesn't abide by the guidelines of what it's like to be a head coach. Yeah. He doesn't, he will, he he marches by the beat of his own drum and it rubs a lot of people the wrong way. Yeah, It does. It does. No, I don't root for the cowboys, but I said after Jerry Jones did what he did in 2016. Yeah. If they don't want another game, I don't openly root for because I like, I like some of the players. I like Michael, I like dig, I like some of the players. I don't have no problem, I don't have a problem with that. But after Jerry Jones and after the way he been, oh yeah. Wait, what happened in 2016, huh? Yeah.


Everybody knows what happened in 2016. We don't have to go back into it arena and re that, but everybody knows. Hold on. Everybody gonna stand that one? Yeah. All that. Okay. Okay. Okay. He, he's done enough over the last couple years. So like I said, I, I don't, if they don't win any games, as long as as long as he's in charge that somebody else gets in charge, Hey, let's go cowboys. Because when the Cowboys win, everybody wins. All the networks win the podcast. We talk about what we talk about, we win. But as long as he's at the helm, nah, I'm good. Yeah. But yeah, but y'all, y'all know who it is. Y'all know the guy that, oh, he's a false prophet and he's not gonna win.


And you can't do this for the port. Now we don't. We don't, we, what we don't do is that we don't give people, we don't talk about, we don't give call people names on our Platform. Okay. And can you gimme a hint? Gimme a hint. Yeah. I take you. But that I think everybody in the chat knows who it is because he openly goes out of his way. And it, it seems like, and the reason why, why a lot of these podcasts don't have success like a lot of the other, because they're lazy because they don't wanna do anything but talk about what you and I do or what a coach isn't doing or what somebody else is doing. They can't create any other, they can't create any other content other than talk about what somebody else is doing. You're lazy. Wait, hold on, hold on. That's why you get 5,000 views. That's why you have 780 people that watch your show at a time because you're lazy.


Huh? I got a question. They and whoever you talk about, they be talking about us all. We ain't do nothing wrong. No, they talking about they won't talk about you. They talk about me, but because the people don't, oh, who, who, Who We'll talk about you, but The people what you, what they fail to realize people. Yes. There are some people that a, that's in your boat that they don't particularly care about me or the success that I'm starting to have. And so yeah, they gonna watch you. But there's a reason, there is a reason that the, that, that because you're so lazy and you can't talk about things, all you can talk about is what people are doing or not doing. Right. Your podcast create content, content Tell, Create content. Tell me.


And so tell me What it's, tell me who it's so I can go at It. Nah, nah. No. Why would we lend, why would we lend them our audience? Nah. See, listen, it is not about Linda. Sometime you gotta set a precedent. You gotta set a precedent. No, We. Don't. Now if somebody talk about you, you gotta let me know. Let me handle your dirty work. No, but see what I'm like the, I'm the enforcer. Lemme tell you how we do it, Ocho. We just let down the vine. Just let him down the vine And hit man. Hit him with a upper cup For your No, no, no. That's the thing. Ocho, leave them where they are. And then eventually people and people I, I people like, bro, that's all you talk about is Shannon, what he's doing and what he's wearing.


And he said this and he should have done that. Yeah. When are you gonna create original content? Okay. Okay. Okay. All These games, do you know how many games will get played on a Saturday? Do you know how many NFL games? How many basketball games? Do you know how many things are going on? That doesn't involve Shannon. Right. But seemingly four or five times a week, all you talk about is Shannon, what Shannon said on ESPN. What Shannon did. What? Sh bro. Damn. Now I don't mind it because what, when sponsors and advertisers, they see the impressions. Right? Right. And they see the views. They're like, oh, when luck win luck because you mean to tell me somebody's gonna continually talk about you and bring your name up?


Y'all thought y'all did? Oh, look at, look at all. Do y'all realize that Total wines, how many cases of sha by La Poitier total wines are purchased? Yeah. I need y'all to go make some more videos. Yeah. I need Y'all make some more videos because total wine. Love it. That's what y'all don't get. Y'all have made me way more popular than I probably would've been had y'all not done what you've done. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Make me popular too. Make me popular. Of Course. Because it's Nightcap Of Yeah. I wanna be famous. I wanna be famous too. Yeah. But that's, that's the thing. Ocho But we're not lazy because Ash and I spend so much time and we run stuff by your producer.


Okay. It's, it is Ocho Okay. Talking about this? Yeah. We spend an enormous amount of time trying to create original content. Yeah. We get stuff that we think people wanna talk about on the internet when it comes to dating or somebody did something to somebody car. But for the most part, most, I would say 90% of our content is original. No, we're not. Look, yeah, we're not playing the games, but we're talking about games. We're talking about things that we think people want to talk about. Occasionally we'll have a, a dating thing in here or this or that. And sometimes we have to talk about what a player said or what a player has done off the field. But for the most part, we're talking about sports and we're talking about culture, we're talking about entertainment, a lot of other things.


But yeah, you know what, you know what this, and this is no disrespect to all the podcasts that are out there. I love all of them. I love all of 'em. I'm, I'm not gonna name 'em all, but everybody has, you know, great content. Everybody's different. But there is no podcast like ours. No. We talk sports, we talk culture, we talk to things, some of the things that are going in the world, but oh, when it comes to the motherfucking stories, No kidding. No. When it comes to the stories and the experiences that we've both been through, you know, some of yours are from the past, some of mine, I'm living them now and some of mine that, that I live, you know, back in the day, nothing touches that. It, it's, it's so, it's so real. It's so authentic. And the funny thing about it is the people that are watching our, watching our show, they hear some of the stories like, oh god damn, I can relate to that.


But they mean they going through the same stuff we went Through ocho. Yes. You know, people, we, we The same. Yes. But people ocho, when I tell a story, people actually think I'm lying, man, unc trying to get credit, bro. You think I wanna tell somebody, somebody pulled a gun on me or kick the off the hinges to get, bro, my credit days are over. My credit days are over Ocho, I can't get no cred. Yeah, you ain't grow up like that. Why would somebody tell a story Ocho about no having no indoor plumbing? Why would somebody have to tell that they had to go outside to use the bathroom until there were 20 years of age if that wasn't true?


Yeah. But all I say, all I gotta say is this, anybody that thinks any story that I'm tell I'll match you. Put up a million dollars and I'll go get deplete the players that were involved. Hmm. All you gotta do, anybody that says unc lying about anything that I've said. Now the lady, the lady with the lobster story, I, I couldn't be, I couldn't remember her name and I couldn't find her, but the story about, but the dude pulling the gun, the guy kicking the door off the hinges. Yeah. Yeah. Me growing up, how I grew up and eating what I all you gotta do is put up the money, money talk bull walk. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. And people be telling me my stories be be fake and be false.


Everything I say is real shit. Yeah. And, and they hate those. I'm trying to figure out if Stephen a gets $50 million a year, how much money coming outta your pocket? That's Disney. That's ESPN. Y'all should be rooting for a brother man to get that kind of money. Because think about it, that gives everybody else an opportunity because that's the measuring stick. I don't get, Hey, I want him to get it because you know who coming in the door after, Hey, hey, hey, I'm, I'm gonna be right behind you. I'm be right behind you. Yeah. So that's, that's the thing. I mean, look, like I said, I I, I've known Prime for a long time.


He is what he is. I mean, we joke Yeah. Like I don't bother him as much now 'cause he got a lot more on his plate. A lot. I bothered him a little bit when he is at Jackson State. I bothered his ass a lot more when he was coaching his sons in high school. But I just, I just want us to win because the money is out there. The money's out there and be, just because Nightcap gets something that doesn't mean something got taken away from you. Right. Because Club Shesha gets a sponsor. it doesn. Okay. Y'all make it seem like the financials, you got the pets, you got cars, you got hotels. So if, if a, if a sponsor does something with me, what you mean to tell me you can't go to another one?


A credit card or a a, a cellular service? I, I'm, I'm confused. Yeah. I look at somebody like, okay, I got a team. See if they'd be interested. If they're not interested, guess what? All them cell providers, all those cars I look at, Hey, it ain't that hard Ocho it's not that hard. But I, look, I said we try to be original. That's what we try to do. And I think what sets us apart is that we can tell stories. And the way I can tell a story I have, I've always been the, the guys when I was Endeavor used to call me the storyteller because I, I have a, a great memory and I can remember things damn near verbatim how they happened.


But lie about what, because you know what has happened, Ocho people have lied and been deceitful so much that the truth is, is shocking. Mm. Ain't no way that can be true because what you see on the internet, what you see on social media, what people have done to constantly try to deceive people and pull the wve. But at this point, at 56, what you see is what you get a big old black 56-year-old country mofo. That's it. Yeah. That's It. Same, same. I'm not gonna change. I'm not. Yeah. I'm, it's too, it's too late in the game to change now because this is served me or my family, my friends Nightcap club Shehe, anything that I've been associated with the Broncos, the Ravens, it served as well.


But yeah, we gonna, we gonna be all right. Ocho, we got some Oh yeah, you hey Sanders side a Texas, Texas fans tortilla after Colorado Wildes Road victory. Ash is telling me Ocho that's their thing. Like Mississippi State has cowbells cow, the cow cowbells, certain schools have certain traditions. I guess Texas Tech is throwing tortillas on the, to tortillas on the field. So I guess after on Saturday, you better be already stocked up on your tortillas or you not eating what they put what they put in tortillas, quesadillas or, or what, what they put in tortillas.


Taco tacos. Okay. Meat. Yeah. Oh yeah. Burrito. Burrito. Yeah. So if you hadn't stocked up, because all these college fans, they going and they buying them, they buying them on hook so they can throw them on the field. Yeah. It's, I guess it's kind of like, what is that Detroit, red, red Wings where they throw fish on the ice The fish. Yeah. Or or quid. And somebody throw, somebody throw octopus. Yes, yes, yes. And so, but Ur signed one of them. Yeah. Wow. Hey, we, we copywriting this all we ask. Okay. You heard me? Huh? You saw Travis Hunter putting a tortilla in his pants before the snap of the Yeah, Before the snap.


Yeah. Yeah. We, yeah guys, we gotta be, so we don't, and people like sometimes they've asked why we don't really show a whole lot of stuff at OCHO is that we got, we got a copyright. And so we got about another, what? We got two copyrights. So for the next 90 days, okay, we got 55 days. We've already done 35 of them. And so, and what happens, guys, if you use somebody else, and I guess with what happened was, this is what happened, Ocho and I, I don't even, I've never shared this with you, is that you remember that we showed the clip of tra well of Cam being on the field at UCF.


Yeah. Yeah. And he Was talking to tra he was talking to Travis and he he's talking to Sha. Yes sir. Ash got the footage from the internet, from Twitter. Right. We didn't know whose it was. I mean, it had already been tweeted, blah, blah, blah. All all of a sudden all over. It was Everywhere. It was everywhere. Everywhere. Well, the guy that footage that it was Right, He put a thing in YouTube. YouTube flagged us. So in the pro, so they took, they took it down. Not only did they take it down, the money that we would've, that we would've made, he got Right. Oh hell No. Yeah. No, check this out.


We had a, so now what we did, you know, we cut it, we had a breakout clip. Right. It was the same clip, but he said we had posted it again. So they took that one down, gave us a second copyright infringement, and gave him the monetization from that clip. And Oh, so he, So he took our money, He took all, he took it all. That's, that's fine. I ain't got a problem with that. But the problem is, is the two strikes, we get a third strike, they take Nightcap down. So we got no channel. So that's why we've been extra careful. And then, then what happened is that, yeah, we reached out and tried to have a conversation.


Okay. Okay. Okay. He wanted to come on Nightcap spend at least five to 10 minutes talking. He wanted us to promote, we, he wanted us to do a segment about that video. Every single a breakout clip with him every single week. In other words, to make a long story short, I'm not gonna get too far into it. He Wanted us every hold on, every week. He wanted us to leave the video up permanently. So to make a long story short, he wanted us to build his YouTube channel. That wasn't gonna happen. Hold on. Hey man, we gotta put our shatties on, man. He took our money, man. Bro, don't worry. Look, Ocho, we get that money back. I know. I, I'm just, I'm just, I don't like the way he moving though.


I don't like, man, it's what? It's, it's what it's had. We had, we known, well we don't ocho do you know how much money that I lost from that Cat Williams clip? Probably if I had, because a lot like Joe Rogan, you can't use Joe Rogan clips. Right. Had I just set it up, say you can't use my clips. Right. I probably, it said we've added like 150 million views just on my YouTube channel. Yes Sir. We probably would've done 500, 600 million views and what, what I've made, you'd probably triple it.


But I said, you know what? Hey, Hold on. Don't even worry about it. We gonna get that back though. Yeah, for sure. But that was get, that was a, that was a, because Right now, hey, hey, because right now the cuff run is over. For sure, for sure. I'm not Gonna preach, I'm not gonna preach. But the cuff run is Over. But my thing was, bro, I I said bro, we don't have no problem bringing you on, but you're not gonna tell us how long we gotta have you on for. You are not gonna tell us we have to leave your video for perpetuity. You are not gonna tell us we gotta promote your, your your channel. That ain't happening. We got hell. And he wanted, he wanted us on all the channels, Sheha media channels to follow him.


Yeah. And he wanted me to follow him personally. What? I'm just, Hey, what's his name? Send me, send me his send information. But guess what? Hey, can I ask you a question? Yeah. He worked for Colorado for the Buff? No, because I'm, I'm going to the game next weekend. But the thing is, Ocho it's, it's all good. Look, we gonna stay, we gonna stay outta harm's way for the next 55 days. We, we gonna, nah, hell nah. Okay. We gonna, we gonna, we gonna get, we gonna get those, those two things removed and we gonna be Yeah, because what happens is that it slows the viewership. Now we're not as, the algorithm doesn't recommend us like it once did.


That's why if you notice, if you notice our subscribers have slowed. I Been, hold on. You know what I can do now, you know, I, I got the connection. I know the people at YouTube. I know the CEO. So if you need to make a call, let me know. No, We good. No, we, we gonna, we gonna, we gonna, we gonna play it by the book The right way. Okay? We, We, we gonna wait off, we've been great for 35 days. We got 55 more days. So 55 more days. So by like the 20th of December, right? We gonna be straight. But if that, it's a valuable lesson. I'm asked moving forward, team moving forward, reach out, ask. Because a lot of times like they'll reach out like how's the highlights?


And people, they'll reach out. Can we use, can we use this? Can I use that? Huh? Yeah. We didn't know. We didn't know because, but a lot because we didn't know who it was. It belonged to. Like if somebody has something out there, I would like, okay, sure. But a lot of people will reach out. Shannon, can we use this clip from Club Sheha? Can we use this from Nightcap? Sure, no problem. Yeah, No problem. But we didn't, had we known, we would've gone through the steps. Just like people go through the steps When it comes to Shehe. When it comes to Nightcap, absolutely. But we didn't know. But it's a lesson learned. Yeah. You live and learn. Ain't no problem. Yeah.


He got, he got, he got the, the, the money that we would've made from that episode. Right. And that clip. It's all good. Ocho it's cool. You can't stop progress. Oh, absolutely not actually. Because One thing, my God, he got favor now. Come on now. Yeah, he did. Yeah. Well he tried to and I was like, I thought about it. I said, nah, nah. I said, nah, we not Finn, we not Finn negotiate with a terrorist. You not gonna hold us hostage. We made an honest mistake, bro. You actually, you actually think we did this on purpose. You think we did this on purpose? It's the world we live in. Unc it's the world we live in.


Most people are they, they're, they're opportunistic. Especially when they've known. You made an honest mistake. It's all good. Nah, I I, no, I don't want him to get banned. I don't want, I I would not reach out. I would not tell time to do anything. 'cause I want the young brother to make his money. I want him to get his money. Yes sir. And he felt this was the best way for him to try to like come up. By all means, do what you need to do, bro. But damn, I'm sorry to hear that man. That happened. Don't, Hey, he, he took food off both our tables. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't the only one that lost out. But everybody, I mean everybody. You know what I'm saying? We got a big staff here. Yeah. Yeah. Hell, I didn't know until we had a, I had a meeting and I, we got 20 people.


Damn. You got 20, 20. God damn When you add up Nightcap and, and Club Shehe A 20. And that's not even, that's not even talking about Shelly, just, just the people. Because Nightcap is every single day. So we got, right, I mean, as we are talking Ocho we probably already got the clip up with Alabama. We probably already got that posted. So We got people doing graphics, we got two people doing editing. You Got, you got a whole machine Over. Yes, yes, yes. We got producers and everything. We got people damn near working around the clock to spit out, eh, cut it and it's gonna go out at certain amount of time. Right. So yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a big undertaking. It's a lot of, you know, people think, oh you know you can do this.


No you not if do you do it right. Yeah. Because I wanted to look professionally done. I always wanted to be the best. I want people to like, okay, look at the lighting, look at X, Y, and Z. Look at the graphics. And we're always trying to, you see, we have graphics for every segment. We have a ticker. We, we try to have it, we try to be as professional as we possibly can because we believe our viewing and listening audience because they're giving us their eyes and their ears. They deserve the absolute best. And I'm not gonna be standing and try to save money while shortchanging my, the fans that listen to Club, Shay, Shay that listen to Nightcap. That's not gonna happen. Right. That's not gonna happen. So I just want you guys to know that we do everything we possibly can to bring you the best single show every single night, every night that we're on Sunday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday Club, we pay a lot.


Hey, we spend ass tons of money. I mean just, just for the sites when we go on the road, you know? Yeah. We spent, I think for location fees just for Club Shesha, we spent three quarters of a million dollars. Woo. That's not including the camera. I'm just saying for the venue that we go use, that's what we spend because we wanna make sure it's right. We wanna make sure it's done right. And so we, because I believe, I believe my fans deserve that. I believe people that listen to Nightcap, if they're gonna take time out of their schedule and that's why I'm so hard on the crew.


I say these people, you got these people staying up midnight, 1, 2, 3 in the morning and we gonna give them, no, we're not gonna do that. Yeah. That's not what we gonna do. And I understand things happen, but it damn sure better not happen more than once.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's ventures, fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pods where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics. The 2:00 AM can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's, the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic Alpr Godde slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim, seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school. Drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video this Thursday it's an NF C's battles. The Washington Commanders visit the Philadelphia Eagles. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. You gotta love explosive rookie quarterbacks as well as crazy coaches that can do anything at any moment. I am dialed for this game. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party, TNF tonight live from Philadelphia. Not a prime member, not a problem. Simply Sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Commanders and the Eagles at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Imagine Relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


This holiday season, skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo Holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too with new Intel Core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


So for the next 55 days, guys, we can't show y'all no video. I said all that. I said all that chat to tell y'all we can't show y'all no videos. So that's crazy. Hopefully, hopefully what we'll do, we'll like explain it to you and then you can go see it and then you can put two and two together and you can use your imagination of what we're talking about. So, Hey, matter of fact, you know what? You know what I, I I wouldn and plan. I'm not, I'm sure you know now that you in the podcast world, you know, you know John Shahidi? I don't, No. Okay.


Very, very good friend of mine. He created a ch a app I had long time ago called Mad Chad, right? Yeah. And he is very, very, very, when I say very well connected, very well connected when it comes to the world of podcasts, YouTube. So when I, when I, when I said that statement, most people in the chat would probably say, you know, he's joking, but I, I really have to get away from the middle man to go straight to the top. That's why I what I said. Yeah, But if we wanna wanna do it, we wanna do it the organic Way, that's fine. So they can go see it at some point in time. The video. Like a video or something.


Yeah. So what we're trying to do, we'll try to post a link that you can go watch the video that Ocho and I were talking about so you'll get a better understanding. But what, because it's kinda hard, like when you, we say something and we don't have the, because a lot of times Ocho you remember we used to talk over the video, Right? And so people could actually see what was going on, and so we could explain, and you know, you had your take on what, why you thought it was this or that I would have my take. Why I thought it was that or this, but it's kind of hard. But hopefully you guys understand. But 50, bear with us for 55, 55 more days. Can you give us 55 more days? And, and, and we'll be right back at it. And I promise you guys, we won't make this mistake again, But like January, January would be good.


Nah, Nah, we we'll be like, like we, we are 35 days in, so we got 55 more days. So like, middle of this, like middle of December. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Because we got, we got what, 21 more days? Today is the night, today is the ninth. So there's 30 days in November. 30 days in November. And then, Okay. So around damn near, damn near s time. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But we good, good. Like I said, that'd be, that'd be a good gift. That'd be a good tip. Us. Yeah. Right. And then, and then, and then guess what? We have all the strikes removed. We would've gone through the process.


Hey. Yeah. Yes, we disputed it. But, but what's there to dispute? We had the video up. Yeah. He said you right, we, you know, we used, we used this thing unknowingly. We did, I mean, we wanted to use it, but we didn't know the channels to go, you know what I'm saying? To go, you know, who, who we, who it belonged to because it hadn't been tweeted because it, it was a viral clip, Right? Yeah, yeah. But we didn't really know who it belonged to. I bet he didn't do that to nobody else. No, he did. He did. I think it was about 20 people. He said, you know, he had a big thing. He was, he was proud of it. Oh, he went and capitalized then. Oh yeah. Yeah. He was, he was, he was happy about it. That thank you YouTube, that you know, people, you know, you know, trying to, you know, I'm just honest, you know, I, like I said, I, we spent far too much time.


Number 16 Ole Miss defeated number three, Georgia 28 to 10, after taking an opening series, Ole Miss recorded five sacks, nine tackle for losses, four for force, four fumbles and intercepted cars. A Carson Beck pass. Ole Miss fans rushed the fields carrying the goalposts through the streets. Offord Dark, who was 13 to 22, passing for 199 yards with the interception. The Ole Miss, the Ole Miss Rebels finished with 397 total yards. They did a job on a mocho, they did a job they got after Georgia. Georgia, Georgia problem is their quarterback. Now, I don't know how a, what they saw in this guy to have this guy. He was like, he was the number one prospect quarterback Beck.


Yeah. Hey, I got, I got a question with all these 10 and two teams, right? In a sec. You feel like there's a paradigm shift in the conference? Oh, it's it, yeah. But look, yes. It, it's Shifting. It's shifting completely. Well, you, well you brought Texas in. I mean, I, I think the thing is ojo and now you got 12 teams, right? Because when you only have four, it would pretty much be over for a lot of teams. But because you have 12, so now you're going to get eight more teams that had no chance the previous years. Yeah. So, but we, their team, I don't know if you get in with three losses, but they're gonna be some teams with, because they're gonna be some teams with two losses that get in.


Yeah. Right. So what I, go Ahead. What I'm, what I'm thinking about, right? Think about thinking about, when I talk about the paradigm shift, unc, it's been Alabama, Georgia. Alabama, Georgia. Yeah. Alabama. Georgia. Alabama. Georgia. Alabama, Georgia, I mean, consistently year in and year out. Now, man, listen, everything is changing the landscape of, of who's probably gonna be in the playoff. It's changing. They still could be there. Ocho I think what you're looking at, you're talking about the SEC, it's been Alabama, Georgia, Alabama, Georgia, Alabama, Georgia, Alabama, Georgia. Right. And it still could, but Texas has one loss. A and m has won loss. And these are some teams I think Texas played you. No, the Texas played for the, they played in the SEC championship game last year, right?


Or was it This is the first year. Oh, this is their first year in SEC. So yeah, so I, I I think the thing is OCHO is that you're gonna have, it's gonna be tough. I don't think Oklahoma's going be down forever. Right? Right, right. But yeah, it's a situation where the likelihood of you seeing Georgia and Alabama dominate like they once did. Uhuh Uhuh, no, But they did a job on the Mojo. They did a job on them. And I'm not, I'm surprised, I'm not surprised based given how cars, how poorly Carson Beck has played because they won some games in which you threw three interceptions in consecutive games and they won those games because there was so much better than the opposing team.


Now, now did a team, it doesn turn the ball over as much as you do now you see what happens and the Talent, the talent in just about this evening too. Yeah. Yeah. And Lane Kiffin is a hell of a coach. Now he has a very unorthodox way and I think he kind of rubbed Coach Saban the wrong way. But there is no denying that he he can coach. Yeah. There's no denying he can coach that. And you know, normally the guys that come up under Saban, they learned something when they were there. More so than, you know, lane Kiffin was under Coach Saban, Kirby Smart, Jimbo Fisher. There've been a lot of Billy Napier. I mean, you go back and look got Loxley at Maryland, you go back and look at this tree, go look at college football and look at Coach Saban Street.


Right. That thing like a giant, a giant redwood. He got some coaches on it. Yeah. But Ole Miss the number 16 Ole Miss defeats number three, Georgia 28 to 10 and keeps their SEC championship game Hopes alive, keeps their college football playoffs hopes alive. Georgia Tech upsets number four, Miami 28 23. Damn Ocho you can't keep living. Hey, can't live, keep living on a prayer, bro. You, you, you tempting fate, you tempting fate. Yeah, man, Cam Ward had an unbelievable game throwing the ball, but he got stopped three times on fourth down the last time he got stopped on fourth down and he fumbled the football and Georgia Tech was able to win.


It's gonna Hurt. And that sack fumble hurt, man at the end, bro. Some, some, if, if I, I think I, I'm honestly believe that they were gonna go down and score if it wasn't for that Sac fumble. Well that was fourth down. So they weren't gonna go down unless they got a first down, even if you know what I mean? Football, what I mean, they, they, they were gonna get the first to be able to continue to continue to drive in the series. I really, I really was, I was hoping, and I, I really felt, you know what, these boys gonna come out. They, God was gonna answer their prayers and they were gonna be 10 to oh oh. But it is, it is, it's unfortunate. Georgia Tech ran the ball 48 times, 271 yards. When you run the ball like that, what do you do? You can throw the clock. You keep that, that, that, that, that high powered Miami passing offense off the field.


Cam Ward was sensational again, he was 25 or 39, 3 48, 3 touchdowns, no pick got, they ran the ball 24 times for 86 yards. But they are throwing football team, they're not a passing team. Cam Ward was the Heisman favorite going into that game. I don't know if he still is coming out of that game. Damn. Because they lost, They lost, man, they lost. So who, I mean, let's say, okay, they, for me, I Still think Trav, I I I, I still think Travis Hunter is the best player in college football, I think. Right? If they win a no, if they win another, how many more games do they have, Ash? Two or three?


They gotta be more than three. They got three left. They got three games left. If they make the big 12 championship, they have four's. Okay. Remember last year Jayden Daniels won the Heisman losing three games. Yeah. And I, I think that was the most losses for a Heisman winner in a very, very long time. Yeah. Normally they was defeated, won maybe two games. But James, James won it last year and he deserved to win because he was sens, he was clearly college football best player. I mean, look, what did Genti do tonight? Did he have a big game rushing?


Oh, but what do you, what do you think Ocho Miami, but you can't keep living like that. Ocho, every, if you think about Ocho, the Cal game, they came back, the Duke game, they came back, there was another game that they came from behind and they won. They, we, the, the hurricanes gotta find a way to be consistent and efficient. All four quarters. Yes. No more lapses, no more, no more start and slow. I'm not sure why they always start slow and always play hero ball towards the end of the game, end of the third, middle of the third coming outta halftime. They gotta hit the ground running from start to finish. Yes.


But there's, there's no reason they should have lost to Georgia Tech. Obviously Georgia Tech did play a good football game today, but teams like, I think when it comes to teams like that, if you wanna be the hurricanes of the old, you coming to a game like this and you win convincingly, you win convincingly. You just have to, if you are who you think you are right now, as far as how far the hurricanes have come and improving, you know that, that that school and that program. Yeah. That's what happens Ojo. 'cause see, the thing is, is that when you play a team and the longer you leave a team in a game in which you're supposed to win, the more confidence you give them.


Yeah. My, our college coach used to always say, say son, killing that with a sledgehammer, we're better than that team. But if you leave them in a game long enough, they gonna start turning cartwheels. They're gonna start feeling good about themselves and they gonna believe they can beat your ass. Yeah. And so I always kept that in the back of my mind. Okay, yeah. I think we should, we we're better than this team. We've won six games, they've won no games, and all of a sudden here we are in late in the third quarter, and if we're up ten seven now they believe they, they believe they belong. And now a game that we should have won, you know, we done got sloppy, we done throw a pick or we fumbled the ball or whatever the case may be. I had a drop on, third down or something.


We've allowed a team to stay into a ball game we should have put away at the first, at the first half. Right. And I think that's what's happening with Georgia Tech. They keep starting slow Ocho and you giving these teams hope, you giving these teams, they're like, man, man, it's the third quarter and we right here with the number 14, number three team in the country. Now you got hell on your hands and it's kind like a boxing match, ocho hey, the longer you leave the alone, you leave the underdog in there. It's like, hey, yeah man, we round. Hey, I'm still here. Yeah. I'm round At that point. It's a puncher. You gotta punch his chance. Exactly. Exactly. You gotta Punch his Chance. And so, and that's what Georgia, Texas says, Hey, here we are in the fourth quarter, we're up.


But give the, give the yellow jackets credit O Joe. I mean they're, they're tough. I mean, look, you don't see an offense like they run often on a whole lot. Not a whole lot of teams run the Wishbone or, or the broken bone, the bear, whatever you wanna call it, you know, Twenty, twenty four. Yeah. Maybe Army, Navy Tech, but not a whole lot of teams. They used, a lot of teams used to run it, everybody used to run it in the big, in the big eight. Yeah. Before it became the Big 12 when you had Nebraska and Colorado and Oklahoma and Oakey State, Tennessee. There are a lot of teams run the, the Wishbone, the ve the whirly bird option, Tennessee called, there's the worldly bird. But now only a few teams then because you have to be sound every single play.


If you got the pullback, get the pullback. If you got the pitch, man, take the pitch man. If you got the quarterback, take the quarterback because the one time you don't own your responsibility and he give that ball to the fullback, he gonna hit his head on the goal post. Yep. And so, but give Georgia Tech credit six and 4 4 3 in the conference. 91 Miami. Miami was undefeated. Number four, hurricanes lose. They go down to Georgia. Hey, they went down to Georgia looking for a solar steal. They troubled mind, they drove the line looking make a deal. You know, Charlie Daniels devil drove down to Georgia looking for a sold to steal. What you know about Charlie Daniels? Man, I know a lot about Charlie Daniels.


Yeah, man, the, the hurricanes like my coach used to say, man in high school, man, don't play down to your competition. Yeah. Don't play down to your competition. You leave him in the game and this is the results you get. That's exactly Quin Ewers throws five touchdown passes as the number five Texas Longhorns drug, the struggling Florida Gators 49 17 Q Quin Ewers viewers 333 passing yards, five touchdown and the number five Texas roll over the struggling Florida. Two days after the third year, Gators coach Billy Napier Napier was given a public statement of support from the school's athletic director.


I just don't know ocho, that's still Florida. Yeah, that's still the Florida Gators national champs. They've had national champions, they've had Heisman Trophy winners. They've won national championships. Listen, You can't blame, you can't blame the coach. ac, ac, ac. Academics. Ad needs to understand. They need to understand in order to compete, you gotta have the players. In order to have the players, you gotta open up that pocketbook. Oh yeah. It's a different time Now players, the, the, the players in Florida aren't staying in Florida anymore. It, at one point they was picking between three different schools. It was either going to Miami, you was going to Florida State, you was gonna Florida one or the other.


You not, you're not gonna be the powerhouse. You, you, you were or you used to be at what you used to do. You're not gonna win like that. No. You got to open up your pocketbook, open up your purse. I don't know who the athletic director is at, at, at, at out there in Gainesville. But it's the only way baby, it's the only, I think Gocho, the thing is, is that when you look at it, when you looking at a Power five and you're looking at a team in the Big 10, you're looking at a team in the Big 12, you're looking at a team in SEC. Yeah. Yeah. I can go pro from any of 'em. Yeah. So now if I can get, if the end result I can end up in my destination. Right. Who gonna make sure I'm the coolest when I arrive at that destination? Meaning, come on now, who gonna make sure mama got a nice crib?


Who gonna make sure I'm driving a Lambo truck? Who gonna make sure I'm driving a for a Lambo or a coloring? I just need to know who gonna make sure that before I get there, come on that. Because I need to ride in style. I mean, I can't just, I can't look at charge. Challengers are nice. Yeah, But I need a little bit more, It's a different ball game for Sure. And I ain't had that though. Gotta pay the play, Man. They talking about third string walk on quarterback. Tell the, tell the Florida fans that. Tell them boosters that anybody trying hear no excuses Boost Boosters.


No. They see the landscape on how everybody else is doing. They're seeing what teams are doing. You got the pay to play baby. That's it. Yeah, that's who we are now. I ain't mad at him either at all. I ain't mad. I am not mad. Get that money. Get it because do you see, did you see what the ESPN paid for the SEC rights? Did you see what Fox paid for the big 10 rights? So y'all where all that money go to the school and the players don't get nothing. Oh, they got an education and Educate these pockets.


That's what I need. So I mean, college kids, they got age, they get ages now. They got CPAs because you get this NIL money, you gotta pay taxes just because you 70 to 18. Uncle Sam taxed your ass too. Everybody get it. He coming to get it. Oh, he want his money. And if you don't, if if you don't pay it now, you gonna pay it later. Sure will. Because I, I, I've been, man, uncle Sam audited me and it costs more for the postage than what he got. But he want his money. Oh, I pay, I, I I overpay They be sending me, look, they send me money back or I let it roll over. Oh no, you not to get Me Because they gonna let that thing roll, let it go.


Let the interest build up. Hit your thing, double your ass up. And then, because they already know like, you know what, he can cover this right now. Let's not bother it. Let it go, let it go. Interest then guess what, once they audit you, they take that thing way back. They go way back, Way back. They go back, they go back with you like car seats. Y'all go way all the way back. Listen, you know when you're a high draft pick, you know how far back them scouts go to do they homework on you before they invest that money? Oh yeah. They go to high school. They go, That's how, that's how far back Uncle Sam go, Joe, Will he want all his money? I, I'd never forget my draft process.


Talking to Mike Brown, duke Tobin sat down and talked with Duke and they, they, they told me and they gave me a, a understanding of the process. Huh? Why did they go back and talk to my elementary teachers? They sure would. Why did they go back out? Talk to my teachers in junior high. Junior. What does what I did in elementary and junior high have to do with me being at the NFL level where I'm still not the same person I was in elementary and junior high. They went back far. They gonna make sure you not that same person. Hey dog. The stuff, the stuff that, I mean for those of you in the chat, I mean you should see the research that teams scouts do before they invest in these players and pay 'em all that money.


They, they went, they go all the way back. But they Should. I mean pe, PE elementary, Junior High College. That's crazy. Oh, Joe, think about it. If you about to invest $50 million in a property, you just gonna take the last, you gonna just take the last year or you gonna go all the way back? Back, right. Hell yeah. These team invest in million, millions and millions and millions of dollars. I mean anytime you invest that kind of money in something, you wanna know exactly what I'm getting. Yeah, Yeah. I just wanna make sure it ain't no, ain't no funny business. Okay. How was it in college? Because I gotta make sure, because money doesn't change you, it makes you more about you already are now.


Yeah. I just want people to understand that money does not change you. It makes you more of what you already are. Yeah. So if you acting like a jerk and you acting crazy. Now sometimes you see guys, it clicks for them, man, I'm in this position, I'm in this situation. My mom, dad, grandma, my family straight man, I can't mess this up. And sometimes you throw caution to the wind, ain't nothing gonna happen to me. And you do crazy stuff. And then people like, well man, I don't know what, but when you, if you'd done your homework, the guy told a story.


What's the Oklahoma State Blackman went to Jacksonville, Ju Justin, he was the real female boy. He was nice. The guy told, said, you know what they was thinking about drafting him, obviously he was the best receiver. Go down to Oklahoma State. Say he spent a week down there. Guess who went was in the bar every single day for a week having drinks. Tell the people at homeboy Joe, what happened? Justin, He is in the bar every week. Huh? Every day for a week. That's not an accident. What's the likelihood?


And I go somewhere and I see that person in that bar every single day for a week. Right. That's not his pattern of behavior. So are we surprised that what transpired for him once he got to the NFL? No, we're not. Because that's who he was. Right. And now that he had, think about it. If you ain't got no money, you know when you in college, you ain't really got no money. You drinking private stock, you drinking boons farm, you drinking big mouth, Mickey, you drinking bull drive, you get some money. Yeah. Man, you getting belvy, you getting the good stuff, you can afford the good stuff. Oh shoot.


So that's, that's the thing. And I don't have a problem with guys investing. Yes, I'm gonna find out as much as I possibly can because I'm about to invest. Right? You can buy a building or you buy a, a laundromat or you buy something. I need to know you go back as far as you possibly can, the revenue that it generates. Okay. Has there ever been liens on this property? What's the, okay, when you buy a house, what you, do you have somebody else? Do you come do some appraisal or do appraisal of the house? They do a walkthrough of the house. Not just you, you have somebody that doesn't have a vested interest in it. Right. To go, okay, gimme your assessment. What is the actual value of this property that I'm about to purchase?


Because I'm, I'm about to invest for money in it. So I don't, I don't have, I don't have a problem with it. Right. The,


Volume, What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn On that switch. No one can stop. For more. check out Bose dot com.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Good job. Thanks.


This holiday season, skip the cruise socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo Holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel Core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long, Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.