
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or marsh manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is prick Dewell connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to editioning the Rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Farmer Bucks offensive coordinator. Byron Leftwich is joining. Colorado's coaching staff Coach Pride introduced Lewi to the team Wednesday the retired quarterback brings yet more pro experience to the the board of Colorado. The buffs hired Hall of Fame running back. Marshall Faulk in February to coach the running backs Hall of Fame. Defensive tackle is a senior quality control analyst for the defensive side of the football as well. He worked with the D line. I don't know what happened. I don't, I really don't know what happened. What do you mean in Tampa? Because he went from a guy that had an opportunity to get a head coaching job to being out of the league.


Yeah. Out of the league. We listen, I'm, I'm not gonna go there by Leftwich was a good quarterback during this time. What he was able to do in, in Tampa with Brady was phenomenal. Obviously being able to coach one of the greatest of all time, if not right. The Greatest And he called plays. I I thought they one of the guys that called plays ocho. Yeah, he was. But Yeah. But if you notice every other quarter, every other, every other offensive coordinator that has ever coached Tom Brady, what has he got in the NFLO Joe Head coaching job.


Charlie Weiss, bill O'Brien. Josh McDaniel. Three play callers got job. Yeah. One guy, bill O'Brien never won a Super Bowl with him. He lost. He was, he was, he lost this guy won a Super Bowl calling plays. Yep. But You know how they would look at it? They would look at it like Tom Brady Regardless to who you, who was calling and play for you. You was off, you called him play for Tom Brady. So Was he not the, was he not the quarterback for Charlie Rice? Was he not the quarterback for Bill O'Brien? Yeah. Was he not the quarterback for Josh McDaniel? Uhuh. It got so bad. Josh McDaniel got three, got another job.


Hold on. He got the job. Hold on. Ocho he got the job at Denver. We know what he did. We don't need to bring that up. Got the job at Indy and re and said, You know what, via fax and said, nah, I ain't gonna take the job. I'm gonna stay here and then went and got another job. Right. But there's a, there's a difference. You understand what, You know what I, I'm not ma I'm making, I'm not making this show about this. I mean, the writing is on the wall. The proof is in the pudding. You can see it for yourself. This ain't the first time this is happening. It's, it is happening continuously over and over and over. I don't need to say it. Open your eyes. Okay. So I'm Happy for I'm happy for him though. I'm for him.


Oh yeah. I'm happy for him getting the position there. Marshall Folk is there. Obviously Warren Sapp is there. The environment that they're, that Prime is constructing for the players and the young men that are there. Obviously preparing them to be able to play at the level, at the next level if they get a chance or opportunity to make it and, and have them. Obviously the is from players that played at the highest level. That that, that some were immensely great. Like Prime and Warren Sap And you have some that had good careers, You know, And you rival leverages and he can help the quarterbacks being that not only did he play the position, but he also coached some at the be at, at the best position and also wanna a ring, if I'm not mistaken.


Who Byron? Yeah. Well they lost that year with the Bucks. No, he, well, he coached what you call him, he Coach Brady. They beat they beat new, they beat the, the Chiefs in the Super Bowl. Oh yeah. Yeah. You got a ring? Okay. Yeah, I'm right. Yeah. He Called saying, Yeah, I, I stand corrected. Okay. No, no, no. Look, guys want to get, they want to get pro ready Quarterback coach. Bat Sherma is the oc. Yeah. Marshall running back. Yeah. Hall of Fame, SAP Hall of Fame, d line and get to the quarterback.


Hey. He put together a great staff guys that if you have the ability now, just 'cause you go to Colorado. If you ain't got the ability to play in the NFL, I don't give a damn. I don't give a damn who coaching. Right. If you can do it or you can now, they might help you with some technique and some little stuff, but you got to have the ability to go get it done. Yes, sir. Jalen Milroe runs officially. Mill Row officially runs unofficially. 4 3 7 Woo 40 yard Dasher, Alabama Pro Day Woo Ocho. Check out this video. Okay.


All righty. It's first. Hey, Up putting him down, don't you? Hey, you putting him up? Put 'em down, huh? One foot in front of the other. I don't care. Nothing about that. And for a quarterback, I don't care. Nothing. I saw, I saw the greatest quarterback. Currently run. Five two. Right? Five. Yeah. 5, 2 5. It, it don't mean nothing. But also being able to run 4, 3, 7, it means something. Especially in today's game with all, with all the, with all the dual threat quarterbacks that we do have that are elite. A La Josh Allen, a la Lamar, Jackson. Tell the fastest, tell me the fastest quarterback they ever won a Super Bowl and the fastest quarterback in the Hall of Fame.


I'll wait. Go ahead. No, no. I mean you right by that. You right by that. But I'm, I'm just, I'm just telling you, I'm giving you a different perspective. I'm giving you a different perspective on how it's helped immensely. Being able to do two things and, and just not be one dimensional. It's okay to be able to have a quarterback that can use his legs. Yeah. Look at the growth leg. Look at the growth of Lamar Jackson. Look where he is now. Look how far he's come. It ain't even about running no more. I'm running only if I have to because I've become, now I'm a pass the, I'm a pass the ball. You know? So, so Brother Mill Monroe, being able to run that fast is all, is is great.


It's a good thing. But have you seen what he could do with his arm? Not nearly consistent enough. I knew. I knew. Yeah. Be listen at at at some point. At some point you will be. I didn't you want to tell me who the fastest guy to ever win the Super Bowl in? The fastest guy in the Hall of Fame. That's all I'm waiting for. I there's a lot of fast ones in the hall. Fame. You fast. Who you were now? No, at quarterback. Quarterback. Let me think. Hold on. Johnny United in the hall of Fame, man. He He is. Yeah. Johnny ran four, four In the 20.


That's my consistency. I mean that's that's great. Oh shoot. At the end of the day, Ocho hey. Yeah. Gotta throw it. Ocho Coach Prime wants his team to be able to face an opponent in its annual spring game instead of an in a squad scrimmage in the future. That's what I'm trying, that's what I'm trying to do right now. To have it competitive. Playing against your own guys. Kind get monotony. You really can't tell the levels of your guide is the same old, same old. Everybody kind of knows each other. Tom said he wants to parent like the NFL and have joint practice for a few days near the end of spring practice. Between two teams, between his team and an opponent culminating with a game between the two teams as a spring game instead of a scrimmage.


I think the public will be satisfied with that tremendously. I think it's a tremendous idea. Yeah. I like, I like it a lot. I like it a lot. It allows you to also gauge your players. It allows you to gauge your players on how much they've learned and how disciplined they are playing against another opponent. Because listen, you see each other over and over and over and over and over and over. Spring practice, practice, practice, practice, practice. And you're familiar with the offense. You know the plays, You know what's coming. You sometimes you cheat a little bit, especially defensively they love cheating because they know what's coming based on formation recognition down in distance. But to play against a team that you, you don't know about, you don't know what's going on. Similar, similar to having the game plan, You know, for a team, you playing on a, on a on a Saturday, it's different.


It's, it's different. Yeah, absolutely. You Got to be honest. You got to play fair. But Ocho I always practice was harder than the game for me. Always. And I look at it like this here. So let me get this right. A guy that see me every day that's going up against me every day, three days a week, training camp, mini camp OTAs. He can't cover me. You think you gonna watch film for three days and bring your ass at in? Shut me down. Absolutely not. Child. Please. Here babe. Child, please. Yeah, You right. I'm cooking with Crico man please.


I like that. I like that one. I like that one. That ain't happening. Yeah, you see me on tape And you think you gonna come in here and shut me down. Absolutely not. That ain't happening. Yeah. Check this out. Ball and backfires, dude. Allegedly pur purchased over $1 million worth of exotic animals to be transferred to Florida. Right. And then got denied by customs. And the CDC as you can see on the screen, we got it on the screen. Ash, he brought one African lion male, 378,000. He brought one African lion female, 260,000 he brought, purchased one Asian tiger female.


$400,000. He purchased one adolescent black bear, female, $150,000 for a grand total of 1.18, 8 million, 1,188,000. Man. Who, who, who, who, who was who, who was fool? I say my grandma always said a fool. A fool in they money sell, sell. Soon. Soon. Part ways. And this is part of it now, You know, you can't have them, you can't domesticate them animals. You are not a part of no circus. You probably don't have a license to have them animals anyway. You don't have the permits. I don't, I don't even know what you need to have those kind of animals just randomly.


If you're not part of the circus or they not just, I, who, who knows. That's, that's good. Miami Outta my Miami credit goat. His name is Miami. Credit goat. Exotic animals run me my bread back, Man. I listen dude. Come on man. You just wasted a million dollars. You know, Goodwill. You know, Goodwill. Them animals wasn't getting through customs, man. Yeah. That's why they, I sneak that stuff. People be trying to sneak monkeys and snakes and turtles and, and stuff that, You know, they know they not supposed to have. How You gonna sneak a lion in a bear away from come on, stop playing.


Stop playing. I mean, when you got, when you get, see when you got that kind of money Ocho And you don't give a f you do crazy stuff like this. Yeah, Yeah. Now if you say, Hey Shannon, we got a couple of mini goats. Many cattle. Yeah. Mini pigs. People can See that. Yeah, but I don't want No. What am gonna do with a lion? A lion will take down a a thousand pound K buffalo. What a what? A hundred pound. 200, a 200 pound man gonna do to a lion. A tiger. Look what they take down. I what, what you gonna do with that? Listen. Even, even if you try to domesticate them at some point, You know what comes back into play?


Instinct. It's predatory instincts. Instinct. Instinct never goes anywhere. It never goes. I don't care how much you feed him, I don't care how much you pet him. I don't care how much love you show. Well, something like that. Wow. Animal man. Please. I Don't know. Look, I, I, I, I've been up close. I've been to the zoo, but I've been close to that to a zoo. I went to Sfri Roy rest their soul. Yeah. And I was sitting on the end. I took my mom, I took my brother, my sister, my pops. Yeah. My brother's wife Ocho during the show. Sfri Roy. The Adam was before they start the show, come down the aisle. All the white tigers and lions, they got Ocho.


They are huge. Yeah. And tigers are bigger than lions. Yes. But I'm really, I can just touch, I can stick my hands out and touch 'em if I wanted to. But that ain't what I did. I sold my hands to make sure my hands ain't get twitchy. And after we did that, it was like a month later, Monte, which was their prize lion. Right. They attacked Ro Roy Roy. Damn. See? See what I mean? Oh nah. I don't want no big head. 400 a lion probably weigh about. I can't just imagine a cat weigh like 300, 400 pounds. Yeah. I don't, tigers weigh like five hundreds.


Oh no. Hell no. The funny thing about it, we just talk about, You know, being twitchy. Do you understand how quick and fast and agile just having a domesticated, just regular cat is now add that times 20 with a damn lion. Look what a lion take down and lion take down a Cape Buffalo. And I ain't got A-A-A-A-E-A zebra. I ain't got Time. Wilder bes. Y'all could have that. This is Jenny Garth from I do part two.


You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate. We're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tool winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Just a few weeks ago, Notre Dame was ranked number one team in the country since then, the beginning of the defeat and double over tapped the NC State. The A, the Irish have lost three of their past five games. The S select selection committee seemed to punish them for their sloppy finish, giving them the number three seed in Birmingham region. That's a tough draw, a tougher draw than the Irish expected. But Notre Dame beat Texas, USC Yukon, North Carolina Duke, in the regular season, a particular collection of impressive wins that no other team in the country can boast. Well, South Carolina guy.


Lemme look. Texas, South Carolina. South Carolina, UCLA Southern Cal. Hell I might just take, I might take the three number one seed and Notre Dame. That is because you a lot of times, don't you, you don't get the same, the upsets right in the women's game like you do the men's game. Right. So I can't pick the same team you pick.


I gotta pick somebody different. I mean it's you. Listen, if you, if you knew what was best for you, if you knew better, you'll do better. So it's okay to pick. I pick up it's okay to pick one. It's okay to pick one I'm picking. No, because we got, we got a bet. Oh. I still owe you, I still owe you 5,200. You sure you won the be some more. You sure do. I'm glad you brought that up. I wasn't gonna break that up. You sure do. Me buddy. I was wondering Cat, if y'all ever seen somebody not paid the debt. Man, I about to send that thing I about. Hey, I about to turn your thing into the credit man. Hey, I better to mess your credit up.


Hey, I've been to mess his credit up Chad. See y'all, Chad. Y'all be a man. Bad up stolen by unc. Stolen by, stolen by. Nah man, I'm been mess his credit. I'm fixing to send it up. Do credit report. See, but it's, this is a good thing though. As long as I owe you, you'll never go broke. Not the fact that you ever be in that position anyway. And just the fact that if you ever needed it, You know I got you. You know I want got, I want to got me. If you gimme my 5,200, I won't need you to get me. I got me. I know, but I just wanna make sure, I just wanna make sure everything stay on the up and up. So I'ma just, I'm gonna hold on to it. Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna tell you what, You know what, listen, I told you in 2025 I done, I done put myself back into fashion again.


I ain't put a clothes on in about 27 years. And I told myself, You know what, this year I'm gonna step, I'm gonna step all year long. Which is outta character for me. 'cause I don't really, I'm, I'm a lazy dresser most of the time and have been for 20 so plus years. And You know what I say, I'm gonna treat myself in 2025. I'm up for some clothes on. So I done spent your 5,200 on outfits. You huh? You don outfit. I done spit your, I tell you what, what I see. I'm gonna snatch 'em off your ass. I'm make, Hey Chad, I'm gonna make him, I'm gonna make him mud dress right there on stage at the live event.


I said I'm gonna pull that act right gadget out. I'm gonna make him take on ass all that. I'm gonna make him come up out it. How you gonna jump about he done spend my money on. I've noticed that every time I see him and I see that he got on beef food, he got on chained out. I might Hold, listen, I'm this, this year, this this 2025 is the year of ocho. It's the year me, I'm treating myself because I I I've always been doing for others, others for so long. For I'm talking about for years on for years. I ain't really never done nothing nice for you do for me. Huh? What You do for me? I am, I I'm, I got your money now.


That, that ain't the problem. I'm just gonna hold onto it for you. Just, just in case like, You know when there's a fire, you break the glass And you pull out the fire extinguisher. Like that's the emergency. That 5,200 I owe you is an emergency. Now I done, I done got, I done got some clothes and shoes and stuff. But if you don, if, if you need it, I can go get, I can go get mo. I'm trying to figure out how this man, this man owe. Y'all ever seen somebody, they owe you money and every time you see 'em they got a new outfit on and they don't mention that and they come around you Whitney get show them it. Don't mention nothing about your money. Hey, You And you should, you should wanna see the young fella shine bright. Huh? You should wanna see the young sh young fell shine.


Okay. So in other words, you shine while I'm over here in the dark. 'cause I ain't got no money. He 90 what my money I wanna shine too. Let hey, put the spotlight on me. Hey, you and the spotlight early on. You, you got Club Shea the best in The world. We got Nightcap the best in The world. I mean, what, what more shining do you need the Laport La Porter doing? Well, You know, I mean, You know, all, all I'm doing. Listen, I'm in the background. I'm your background dancer. You the main, you the, you the main attraction. I'm in the background, You know, with the, with the knife, with I, I just, I just wanna put clothes on this yo.


And I, I just wanna go outside. I'm gonna look good and I remind, I wanna remind folk that looked at me funny throughout the years that I'm still him. I just chose not to do it. So this year I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna remind everybody, like I used to do this, this used to be me back in 83, 83, 85. Chat This man. Go to the Dr. Yeah. Get a villa. Yeah. For seven to 10 days. Yes sir. That was me Part of that with the money that he owed Me. Yeah. It had on some nice outfits too. Dude, part of that money too Had on the VSU jeans. Yeah. Hey, Why last Slacks? And You know, they got, they got, they got Invis. They got Ivis in New York.


They got a stove. I know they do. I used to go there. Hey Ivis, I used to have Ivis Red Monkey Jeans. What you, I had all that. What, You Know, what You know about Red Monkey? Man? Man, I still, I got, I got red. I got like probably $40,000 worth of Red Monkey Jean. Okay. Okay. Talk to me that, okay. See oh, you got $40,000 worth of Red Monkey. But you worry about his 5,200. That was way back then. Ocho You know, you remember when Red Monkey was in Red Monkey bed? 2000? Yeah. They, they ain't been in, I been trying to get rid of him. Don't nobody want 'em. Well listen, if, if you got some old stuff I, I'll wear now, it might not fit me.


I, I'll tell it. Go get. I ain't got no problem with no handing down. Hand me down. I ain't got no problem. I ain't too good. Yeah, that was, I, that was, that was the biggest waste of money. Right. I can honestly say buying them Red Monkey G was the biggest waste of money. Not really. Just put it back on. Then it was put it back off. I can't, I can't wear Why They too big? That's the whole Point. Huh? That's you, you gotta stay. All right. You know what? I'm not one that follows fashion trends. But right now you, you ever seen SGA dress? Everything is big. Everything is big. So there you Go. Everyth gonna look big on him. SGA probably weigh 170 pounds. Think six, six.


Man. You know the basketball players, they slim. Right, Right, Right. They ain't really got no, they ain't got no no, no signs to 'em. No, that ain't how they bill, don't you? Yeah, You right. You right. I mean I just, I I'm just, I'm just, I'm treating myself this year. Chad. What y'all think I should do to this man? This man ain't paid me my money. And he buy all this ish in my face. He got Chrome Heart. Y'all know what Chrome Heart? Them GB cost 10, 12, 15,000. Alright, let me, let me live a little bit. This is, this is my, this is my, I told you 2025 just this year. And I'm done this year. I'm done. I promise you, I promise you. I just want to step the rest of the year. How, what month we in? We in, we in March.


March. So how many more months we got? Huh? Nine more Months. Nine months left. Right? Yeah. I promise you after nine months, I'm done. And I'm gonna give you a 5,200. Just let me, let me finish, let me finish Stu, the rest of the year. I gotta wait on my money. I mean, You know, waited this long. What, what's, what's nine more months? You know, waited three. I wonder. I show boy, if, if I wasn't worried about YouTube demonetize us, I go, I, I I have joint go upstairs and break that thing so I could show you what I'm gonna hit you with.


Man. Hey, hey listen man, I'm in, I'm in my winning season, man. I Mind you winning it. How can I win? You win it And you gotta be on me and lose it. Hold On. No, no, you ain't losing. I'm in my winning season because of you. This your fault. You created the muscle that people get to see now on Instagrams and TI I'm on TikTok. I done created a TikTok. I don't even know how to use it. I'm using TikTok like it's Instagram. All I'm doing is posting, posting pictures. Matter of fact, if you in the chat, follow me on TikTok, Pepe Ochocinco, PEPE Ochocinco. I don't know how to make no videos.


I don't know how to edit nothing. So I'm using it. I just listen. I just want people to see I'm in my winning season and I like putting on clothes. I like matching. Sometimes you might not like it. Some people, some do in, in a chat the other day told me your old ass dressing like you young. I mean, how you talking about how I'm dressing and I look younger than you. It be hater. Yeah. They, what you talking about Man? I, I look good boy. Have you seen me? Have you seen me? Well man, You know, you not gonna be able to wear ocho because if you wear man, you, you dress like this. If you put on clothes, why you trying to dress like you 30 If you dress like that, why you dress like why you dress? Like so you like dress how you wanna dress, but pay me my money along the way.


Listen, I'm wear what I want to anyway, regardless. But I'm just saying you should, at, at our age, what are we supposed to wear? If I see shorts, I like, I'm wear 'em. If I, You know, if I wallet chain we used to wear back in the days, You know, they used to wear, That seemed to be a thing. Right now I never wore it. My grandfather used to have a wallet chain, but I, I, that's never been my thing. Hey man, listen man, oh I'm for that. I'm gonna give you money. And now I'm when but the rest of the year I'm not playing. I'm well, I'm stepping. You hear me? Yeah, I'm, I'm stepping. Oh yeah. Now you should be proud of me. You should. Yeah. You should look at, yeah, you should look at some horse and be like, boy that hey, that's my, that's my young fella there.


One thing about him, boy he fly. He gonna be sharper than number two. Pencil. I'm gonna be cleaning than the board to hell. You hear me? Yes I am. Yeah. Burns just hit me up till about Iverson stayed two years. He Iverson Georgetown? Yeah. He didn't leave as a freshman. Stayed two years because I was his guy. Okay. He was a Georgetown fan. He was a, oh man, that joke was a big Georgetown. And plus he, I was from Virginia. Okay. Burns from Virginia. So obviously that's his homeboy, grant Hill. That's kind of why he liked Duke also. 'cause Duke from Grant from Virginia also. So Iversson stayed two years. He didn't leave early. He stayed two years. He left after that. But Coach Thompson told him to get up outta there.


'cause you can go, it's time for you to go provide for your family. But yeah, I sure hope Coach Ojo. Yeah. Y'all pleasure to watch because like I said, if you go back and look at the men's game, I can't really name anybody but Cooper Flag Women. I know Paige Beckers, I know Juju, I know Hunter Herd. Doggo. I mean Hannah, Hannah Herd, doggo, You know McKayla Blakes? Is that the one, is that the one from Vanderbilt Ash that be dropping 50? Damn on everybody. You remember she had the, she had, she, I think she's had two games in which she scored 50, but, and plus you got, can't forget Juju Ju and plus Juju.


So who you got, you got, so you take, you taking U-S-C-U-S-C. Absolutely. Absolutely. On the women side. You're taking St. John's Side. St. John. Yeah. Oh yeah. And one thing, and if you follow me for, for, for a while, especially people in this chat, I'm rarely wrong. Rarely now I'm wrong sometime. But it's, it's very seldom. So you, You know what to do with your money. You know what to do. You know who to put it on. Bill Belichick girlfriend released some photos of the two door. Ariel Yoga at the beach. Ocho, check these photos out.


Go ahead. Cole Belichick. That's him Head on choke. Y'all what I'm looking for. Hey, I wanna know who are that want be doing like that right there. I don't wanna do it right there. Just like that right there. Like those that look like some circle so late. Yeah. I like, I like that. That's dope. That's dope. I don't know if I'm gonna be able to let y'all push my my hips, man. I gotta be careful now. You know what? I'm don't. Yeah, you, You can't, you can't do that. You hip bad. Hold on. There ain't nothing wrong here. Hey, what is this called? A A what? Aerial yoga. Oh, aerial yoga. Okay. I wonder. They, I wonder if they got classes like that. I think, I think I should start doing yoga and Pilates. I used to love Yo, I I, when I played, I did. I, well I did it up until like, probably like three years after I retired, I stopped playing.


So probably like 2007 was the last time I did it. I gotta try that. I got, I just have a hard, I I have a hard time sitting still up. Unless it's video games or watching the movie, I can't sit there for hours not doing nothing. Yeah, well see that's, that's, that's how I was ocho but I played, I understood because okay, I gotta get flexibility. I gotta, You know, get my core, blah, blah, blah. But once I was done, I'd be tell you like 15 minutes into the class, I'd be like, man, what? You know, what you doing? Mm. But I used to, I used to take yoga, You know, like I said, I could do split front to back.


Now I can't take the chance of my hip popping out. That's the last thing I wanna say. Ah, I ain't trying to get no more surgeries. I'm done. I ain't try. Hey, I, I, I ain't tried to do the rehab. The surgery wasn't that bad. Right. Because once I got that arthritic bone out of that, that ball and socket out of the ocho, you was good. The only thing I felt was the incision, the incision was stored for a couple of, You know, they have those, the, the stitches that dissolve. Mm. And they, they, they kept, nah, they didn't, they they, it was glued. They glued it. But anyway, it wasn't, it wasn't that bad. But I ain't try to go through that process again. Yeah. Because I'm happy with Coach Belichick. Hey coach, congrats man. Hey, You know, find him. Somebody let you because y'all quick.


Because we, once y'all got in common, why you, why you care? Yeah. You, you gotta you gotta find, you gotta find your person. Yeah. You gotta find your person. Hey, so hey coach, coach Belichick older than me and he got him a 20 something. Yeah. But they get mad at me and they, I say I like 35, 33. They get all upset. They get hostile. Yeah. But, but you gotta understand your, your set of rules and bill set of rules are completely different. You know, I don't, I don't think a 30, 35, a 20, 20 something older, twenties or thirties or 35 would be good for you. Are suitable for you because the rules that you have in place.


I Ain't got no ocho Ocho. So you mean to tell me for a chance for you won drive around a a a a color. You going drive around a G wagon, you going to carry Birkins. And you say, all I ask don't burp in front of me. Don't pass gas in front of me. And that's going, that's, that's gonna be a deterrent. You right. Ocho you absolutely right. Hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on. There. There are a lot of other things that you, okay, okay. Okay. You know what, I'm with you when you ain't right. I really can't argue with that. I can't, I'm just saying I can't, I can't, I can't argue. I'm not Asking you To cook. Wait, wait, listen. Let's get back to the, let's keep the main thing, the main thing. Okay? When you buying gwas? I, I, Now I understand.


I'm just asking. No, no, I'm asking. If you are using it as an example, let me know because I got some, some piece, some, some, some people for you. You know, if you buying wagons and birkins and, and stuff like that, You know, I got, I got a few, You know, potentials for you. No. Everybody always talk about date. Date your age, date your age. Well, I wanna date my wage. I'm finishing. All this is down tonight. I wanna date my wage. Stay right here. Stay right where, where y'all at? Hey Chad. Where they at? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Because You know I keep it on. I keep it on me now. Yeah, I keep it on me. You wanna date your what?


I wanna date my wage not my age. I wanna date my wage. So what are they? Because y'all always talking about date, your age, date your age. I wanna date my wage. So come on with it. Well, you Talking, I as a matter of fact, I'm taking applicants as we speak. Well you're talking spicy tonight, boy. Well, you talking spicy date my wage. I'm feeling two. Wait. Oh, now all of a sudden y'all what? Women, y'all ain't got nothing to say I'm finna date my wage. Ooh, That's a good one. Boy. That what I'm talking about. Let's go date my wage. I'm, I'm, I'm a friend. I'm Just trying to, I I I've never understood how does OCHO is sometimes.


And, and it, it gets like this with, with a lot of time with jealousy. Yeah. It's almost like as my what, how does my light being bright, right? Cast the darkness on you. Mm. It see what I got. So you feel because of my success, it delayed your success. I'm not gonna say you my success, you'll feel a failure. Does my success delay your success? Right? It does. No. So now let's go the other way.


If I date so you feel that, okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, ocho there's some little young lady out there that's 50. So you feel if I date a 30 5-year-old or a 40-year-old, you missed that opportunity. Uhoh. I'm just curious. Come on now. It's Sunday. It's Sunday. You might as well preach. Come on. I'm just asking. So let's just say for the sake of argument, when you are 50, when are you gonna be you, when are you and I gonna be in the same vicinity that you and I could potentially meet? Mm, I don't bother nobody. I don't get upset.


You somebody coach, like Coach Belichick, you make jokes. Hotel. But I, I could care less Coach Belichick 'cause they don't take nothing outta my pockets. Right. People like you. What if that was your daughter? My what? Y'all fail to realize my daughter is grown. Hell remember I told you when she was 17, I told her not to get a tattoo and she went and got it. How the hell you think I'm gonna tell somebody what to do? She is in her damn thirties now. Hey, she asked me. I'll advise, but at the end of the day, I want my daughter happy. So if some guy 50 years old makes my daughter happy, There it is. If somebody, if somebody 25 makes my daughter happy, at the end of the day, I want my kids happy.


Right? Damn. What did daddy think? Damn. What their mom think. If you happy, I'm happy. 'cause at the end of the day, all I want is my kids' happiness. So now back when y'all talk about my age, when y'all coming to the table with that same wage scale, y'all don't wanna talk about that now. Oh, okay. Hey, are you, are you feeling good tonight, huh? Nah. Nah. I, I I don't feel no, I I, You know me. I don't, I'm just trying to figure out what, who do, who was harmed in the, in, in the make in the Shannon going out to dinner or Shannon going to do this?


Who was harmed? Right? Nobody, nobody was, nobody was harmed. Nobody was harmed. I think, I think, You know, people have a a a a difference in opinion. You know, you, you like what you like and I think people on the outside looking in, they had their perception on who you should be dating and that's just how they see. But what, what they feel you should be dating might not make you happy. Where was all that good advice Ocho? When I was struggling. Okay? Ain't nobody offer no advice when I was in that, when I was in that thousand square percent the block home, okay? Now when I was at Savannah State, Come on now. Ain't nobody had no advice. How does Shannon get out of this environment?


How does Shannon improve his family's life? Quality standard of living. Nobody offered a damn thing. Now all of a sudden y'all won't have input after I've made it here. You notice when people can become successful. Now you got all this advice you can offer, but you didn't offer a damn thing. I didn't have a damn thing. Now they got all the answers. Huh? Now they got all, they, they, they know what exactly to do now. Mm. Well if, if, if You know what to do, why you not doing it for yourself? Oh, if you could tell me how I became successful and what I did and who I need to date and what I need to do, why can't you do it for yourself? Well, you talking tonight and we, we the offering plate.


Put your cash app up there. I, I'm like, well, damn, everybody, everybody got gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta offer me advice. Mm. I I made it this far. Am I perfect? No, I never professed to be perfect. I try to live the best. I try to live the best I possibly can. I try to stay out of people's way. I just try to a circle my family. Hey look, this is what we, I this is what we got. Boom. I'm like, bro, every time I turn around and women do tell me, You know, you need somebody your age. No, I don't What we gonna do? Go play bingo together. Oh, bingo.


Bingo. Oh bingo. Nice. Now that's a, that's a nice little date, man. I'm looking to go to top golf. You know what I'm saying? Don't you, You, you, you can't swing the club with your hip. I can't swing the club. Nah, you gonna pop, you gonna pop on? I can wave, I can swag on the other club too. Dang. Got do. Lemme lemme stop with you. Lemme stop. Stop. I'm sorry Chad. I'm sorry. It's Sunday. It's Sunday. It's Sunday. It's Sunday. You know what I'm saying? It's Sunday. The driver still work. Okay. Okay. I i you no iron. I'm with you. I'm with you when you Right. Oh yes.


The Lord's day for about 15 more minutes.


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with Future Health, you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independence studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady G Beat tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say Woman Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hope isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


All right, Ocho, now it's time for everybody's favorite. It's back y'all. It's time for Spello Cinco. Oh hell. Alright. Ocho, here it is. I give you a word And you try to put that Harvard education to use. Yes sir. Our first word is conjecture. Conjecture conjecture. Conjecture. Conjecture. Con conge. Conjecture. Conjecture. Conjecture. Alright. C-O-N-J-E-C-T-U-R-E. Conjecture. That is correct. Hey, that's what that Harvard education do, baby.


That's what I'm talking about. I had to think about it for a minute. I had to sign it out. You know, let's go, boy. That's who we do stop playing With. The next word is fallacious. Fallacious. Fallacious. Yes. It's incorrect or misleading information. File. File. Now I know by fellatio, so fallacious file file. File file. Fish is spelled F-I-L-E-T. But I know it's not like that. F-I-L-A-F-I-L-A.


Ooh, that's ooh. That that the, the back end of that is killing me. Fallacious. Say it one more time. Unc Fallacious. Yeah, they, you got me. F-I-L-A-S-I-I mean S-C-I-O-U-S. Hey, I don't got that one. F-A-L-L-A-C-I-O-U-S. Fallacious. How Far the next word deleterious. The next word is deleterious. Deleterious. Yes. Della TEUs. Della Della.


D-D-E-L-A. TEUs. T-E-R-I-O-U-S-D-E-L-E-T-E-R-I-O-U-S. Della TEUs. Right. I missed about one letter. Huh? You sure The next word? Superfluous. The next word is superfluous. Superfluous, Yes. Super.


S-U-P-E-R-F-O-L-U-S-S-U-P-R-F-L-U-O-U-S. God. Doggett. Man. What is going on tonight? The last word is hotty. Hotty. Hotty. Hotty. Yes. Like, like a hotty, like H-O-T-I-E. Is that your final answer? No, I'm asking, I'm asking you to gimme the Okay. Having or sure. An arrogant superiority to d to and disdain of those who won views as unworthy, hotty, Hotty, hotty.


I don't, I don't, I ain't never heard of that word before. And it sound like you're just saying like somebody's Eric Hotty. Haie. Yes. Hottie. I was trying to give hotty haie Hotty or hott Hotty. HO doublet. I-N-H-A-U-G-H-T-Y Hotty. I'm supposed to know. Come on man. Okay. That ain't, that ain't make no sense. Chad. I apologize. And listen, I only, I just got off. I just got the back. You Got one more? I'm getting chance to One more. Redeem yourself. Okay, one More.


One more. One more, one more. Pernicious, pernicious, pernicious. Hey, if these words with these words, boy, if, if it was a life or death situation where you might as well play my funeral.


You wanna give it a crack? You want me to spell crack? You wanna give it a you wanna give it a swirl? Okay. Alright, hold on. I'm gonna get this right. I don't care. I promise you. Say the word one more time. Pernicious. Pernicious. Pernicious. Per PER pernicious.


N-I-S-C-I-O-U-S-P-E-R-N-I-C-I-O-U-S Pernicious. Ah, I shouldn't have put that s in there. No, you shouldn't have. Okay. I, I was, I was close. See what happened when I lock in, even though I got it wrong, I was right there. Damn. Alright, ocho, now it's time for dunk on Unc. Oh yeah. This is a chat. Okay. This is not, oh wait. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.


Okay. We have dunk on tonight, right? Yes. But this is a different, this is a different type of dunk on dunk. It's griddle edition. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say something and I'm gonna ask you what am I based on what I say. Okay. Alright, Chad, y'all ready? Let's go. How many I got, right? One. One. Okay. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. I just, I had jet lag. I just got off a flight three hours ago. That's all it was. That's all it was. That's it? Yeah. That's it. All right, Here we go. You ready? Yeah. The more you take, the more you leave behind, the more you take, the more you leave behind.


What am I The more you take? I have no idea The word. Are you sure? Yes. The answer in the word you're looking for is footsteps. Man, that ain't no trip. Hey, listen, You the riddles. Hey, what happened to sporty A trivia, Lord? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. We, we changed it up tonight. We changed. We changed. I didn't change your words up. Hey, shit. Well, I, I didn't ask you, I didn't ask you geography. Listen, you asked me a bunch of words I could not spell. It's still spelling.


This is listen, it is dunk on Uncle Riddle edition. Go ahead. You supposed to be well versed in all areas, in fact, life. No, no, no. I'm well versed in trivia. Okay. There ain't No trivia. This is trivia. Be the riddles. I didn't say nothing about riddles. Go Ahead. Here we go. Here we go. I have keys, but open no locks. I have space, but no room. You could enter but not go outside. What am I?


Shit. I don't know. A keyboard. Unc, Go to the next one. Yeah. These are so easy. The person who makes it sells it. The person who buys it never uses it. The person who uses it never knows they're using it. What is it? I have no idea. A coffin. Go ahead to the, yeah, I'm winning. I'm winning night. I'm winning out A Hey Chad, this is Ash.


She got tired of me, witty. She couldn't stump me. So she came over with the riddle of the dishes. Nah, This is, go good. These are really easy. I bet the Chad getting them right. Hey Chad, I bet the Chad is not getting them right. All right, I bet the Chad get this one. Listen real close. I speak without a mouth and I hear without ears. I have no body, but I come alive with wind. Here are key words right there. I come alive with wind. I have no idea. What am I? What are you? I'm an echo. Next one. Okay. Okay. Not, oh, if you don't get this one, if you don't get this one, the more you remove from me, the bigger I get.


What am I? I have no idea. A ho man, this is ridiculous. Hey, Chad. You see they gotta cheat to beat me. They gotta cheat. They can't come up with sporting events, being baseball, being football, being basketball, being track and field. Now we got March Madness. Now the ideal situation would've been March Madness, don't you think? Who won the final four this year? Who did this? She come up with something. Hey, I like it. This is Awesome. Okay, so this is what we gonna do, okay? Since we gonna do this, this Is awesome.


Okay? What we gonna do? I'm gonna come up, we gonna, I'm telling you right on Sunday, Monday, tomorrow is going to be geography. You are gonna have to spell Oh, oh, listen, they used to call me. Where's Waldo? In high school. Okay, Where's Waldo? Hey, you coming up with geography is right up my alley. What are you talking about? Hey, Hey. I don't know who was here when we had the Olympics and we had them to try to find the place. Yeah, on the globe. I did, I did good. I did good. I hadn't seen the globe. You gotta remember, I hadn't seen the globe since 19, 19 83. So you think that's what I'm doing at home? Spinning the globe? You still got one more? What? I got One more.


I bet, I bet the chat, get it right. The chatter ain't got none of 'em, right? Yeah, they Did. I bet they get this one. Chad, listen to very close, listen to the context clues so you can hear the answer. I fly without wings. I cry without eyes. Wherever I go, darkness follows me. What am I A weeping Willow? No, a cloud. Hold on. Mercy bad here, but hey, Jordan, on Hey, you see how you, what happened when you win all the time, people get tired of you winning.


I now I know what the Patriots in Kansas City went through. No, that's not what it is. It just, the people wanted to see something a little different. Hold on. So why you get fellow sink or if they wanna see something different because You're giving me difficult words that I, I really can't spell. So that's the dif you was saying, You the spelling beat Champ. I said I'm the trivia. I went on Jeopardy and won trivia, But I won, I won a spelling beat. Okay. You said spell the words you talking about you could beat those kids. Spelling those words. I, I can, it's just, it is been a long time. I'm a little rusty. First Of all, I guarantee you, any kid gonna spell all these words that I've been giving you? Every last one of them. Hey, do you See the words that they be spelling?


Yeah. That they used to be? I Have words. I they be spelling words. I ain't never heard of them. For the most part I've heard of these words. Ocho, you have two. Maybe, maybe not reasonably, but no E No, no, no. Not none of these, none of those words. You said tonight. I heard You never heard of deleterious. Who Deleterious Wasn't the last time you used deleterious in a sentence. Now, come on. I ain't used it in a sin, but I've Heard it. I mean, yeah, I've heard it, but I don't use it. That's, I I've never, I've never used it. Most of the words I spell I can spell are things that I use on a daily, daily basis where you Can dog, airplane, hotel. Yeah. Gimme some of those.


Nah, Da da. We'll give you some names. You wanna spell names? Okay, now we talking and nothing, nothing, nothing. Nothing. You want names or not? Nothing Creole and nothing Greek. You want names or not? Yeah, not, yeah. I got you. Tomorrow. You, The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age cell prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night, and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.