
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone. Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Black Friday football on Prime is back. This week the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day firing stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move. Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern. Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday football. For details,


I'm partnering with PayPal this Black Friday. Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card? Earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah, tech. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit supply C terms at paypal.com/rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports


The Volume.


The Emirates BA cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


What up Spirit Airlines is preparing to file for bankruptcy ocho Defend your people. That's Not a bad thing. You know, many people have filed for bankruptcy before. You have to understand the, the, the method to the madness behind it is, is very strategic. A lot, a lot of people of wealth filed for for bankruptcy for purposes of not having to pay a debt that they don't want to pay. A lot of people don't understand that 50 Senate filed for bankruptcy. Donald Trump has filed for bankruptcy. There are some other people of status that are filed for bankruptcy and it it's a way to get out of having to pay a large debt that you, that you just don't wanna pay or you can't pay.


But Spirit Airlines will still be going on as far as running a business and still being the best airline there is to fly. Nah, Don YI was thinking about sending you a couple of these. Hey, hey, hey. Right. No, you too soon. Too soon. I just, I ain't, I ain't sending you nothing. I ain't been to help you get back, get back, go work your situation out. That's what you do. Well you talking about, you talking about sending me something? I mean Yeah. For, for, for, for, for, for you know, in the situation you in. I ain't finna help you do nothing else. You out your mind. Yeah, I aint, I mean I'm, listen, I'm not, I'm not thinking about, I'm not thinking about nothing else. Well, I well, I ain't thinking about you then.


Okay. No, I'm just saying my my focus on work right now. Huh? Well, well you, you could do two things at once. Well, not really 'cause I can't chew government walk, But hey, will you stand in one place and you Yeah, yeah. Well, I'm, I'm here. I'm here. So maybe, maybe maybe February after Super Bowl. I, I, you know, I, I I, you know. No, she gonna be there Super Bowl. Who, who gonna be? Well Your people. I Got a, I got a restraining order. Well, I'm gonna undo it. Hey, chat. Chat. What y'all doing? Chat. Y'all good? Hey, I wish, you know what would be dope? Like if Chad could, if we could see the people in the chat and they could see us and we could see them and we can get their reactions while we talking, like technology is, is as, as advanced as it is.


The fact that I can't see the people and, and, and engage in conversation and see their expressions. I don't like that. That maybe that's something we need to invent. Okay. Yeah. That's something we need to invent. Oh, Joe, check this out. There was a situation where 16 people dined and dashed on a $420 restaurant bill. 420 people, 16 people. The average cost is $26 and 25 cents. So as the lady was explaining, per person by person would pretend like they were getting up to leave. Like they were getting ready to go to the bathroom or something like that. And each one they left. Why y'all do that?


I, I wi I wish I see I man, listen and see and you wonder why I tipped the away I do when I go out, when I do happen to go places. See stuff like this. Like that's, that's the point is if you don't have, if you don't have the money to eat, if you don't have the money, the tip, you know, at, at least leave something man. But don't dine and dash, you know these, these Yeah. Come on. Why y They at the service. These people rely on these tips. Man. These people rely on these tips because they don't, even If you don't, don't even if you don't tip pay for the issue that you ate, pay for the stuff that you drank. Okay? You don't wanna leave a tip, but you know, hey it is normally on the thing. Parties of six or more, you got it is gonna charge you 18%, so forth and so on. Okay, I get that. Let's just say it's two people.


Don't do that. If you don't want to tip and it's two of you guys, three of you guys, that's fine. But don't you take your ass to these people restaurant and eat they food and then run up outta there. $26 a piece. Damn. 400 on a 426 on a $400 tab. Really? People really, really See what I mean, see time, see how bad times are. See what I mean? Great, great story to Piggyback. Oh, so that ain't about no time. That's people now being Jack. You right. They was being Jack, but they some kids, huh? No, them grown people Ocho they was Yes.


Grown. You already know. I don't even need to tell you, you know? Yeah. Oh us, You know. Damn, Damn. $26 Ocho. Yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right. Right. You Right, you're right. And, and that's not something that you decide, you know, you, you made a con when you walked into that restaurant, you already know you gonna meet the people ish. And you was gonna do what you did.


I just hate that. I really do. Ocho I, I hate, I mean, I've been in a situation like been to Whole Foods and the guy, homeless guy come in there, bro. I'm like bro, and he all, I said, bro, don't talk. I said, what you need? I get it for you. Pay for the stuff. They grab stuff, they chase somebody said, listen, listen, I'll pay for it. Just let 'em have it. Let 'em go. Don't do this. Don't do people stuff like that. Come on people. I know. I'm not gonna say we better than that. 'cause we not. We are who we are Ocho what we see. That's who we are as a society. We've gotta stop thinking that this is so beneath us as a society.


No, this is exactly who we are as a society. It's, it's sad. Yeah. Time haven't got that hard. That 16 people decide to go out to eat and each one of you guys say, you know what? Nah, I ain't gon, I ain't gonna play. No. Even if I'm with a party on Cho and we go out, I'll pay for it before I let somebody do that bull drive. Mm. But I used to go out with the guys like, alright, hey, hey, take this out bro. You did that bull job last time. Yeah. Not this time. Go in your back pocket, bro. Bring, bring your right. Every time we go out, all of a sudden you get the, you, you, all of a sudden you gotta go to the bathroom.


It can wait. Come on. That's, that's a shit that's, that's embarrassing. That's embarrassing. I wouldn't even, I, I, I couldn't even good countries do that OCHO because it's not like, it's not, that's probably not a chain restaurant. It's not like they like one of these big, they doing 30 million in revenue. Yeah. You know, a lot of these places on Cho, they just making just enough. Just enough. Yeah. And then somebody not just hate it, man. I hate it. I just, it was, it was in Memphis at a Mexican restaurant.


Let's find a restaurant. We, I, I'll send 'em something. We gonna find out a restaurant. I'm gonna send 'em something. I'll take care of it. That's a shame. I, I just, I hate people. I, I just hate people to pray on. I just hate people to pray on the week, Joe. I, that's always been a pet peeve mind. Yeah. So you see how you be getting on me by tipping like that. Now you see why, Dang, I don't, I don't care if you didn't have anything but water to drink, Drink, leave something. Huh? Yeah. Come On. Just pay for your meal.


Oh Joe. If you didn't wanna leave the till Now, like I said, normally I ain't been to every restaurant, but normally when they say parties of six or more Right. It's already 18%. Gratuity built in. You got 16 people, y'all eat them people food. I'm sure everybody didn't drink water. Right. And you just eat the people food and just walk up out of there. And y'all thought that was okay. Y'all thought that was cute. Dang. I was pre premeditated, huh? For sure. Pre for sure.


I mean, I been, I was at, I was at the, I was at Target and the guys Rj Yeah. Yeah. And you know, he had stuff, I mean he had more, I think he had like some, some coupons and stuff like that. But anyway, he didn't have enough and he, I said bro, bro, I ain't got time for you to take that back. Don't even worry about it. Just take your money. I'll pay for it. Just put the stuff in the bag. I'll pay for it, ma'am. Right. Just keep running up and put it on mine. Right. You like, man, man, oh, I appreciate bro. Just get the stuff and go man, because for you to take it back. Oh, I ain't got that kind of time. Right, Right. Oh, Hey, I'm going from point A to point B. I don't do, I don't do, I don't do.


No. You know how some people go to the grocery store and they just like, no, I know exactly what I'm gonna get And getting up outta there And get up outta there. And when I get to the, when I get to the thing ocho, I hate, you know what I hate? Huh? I don't know if I'm going to get these. But how much of the Put it in the bag? Put it in the bag. Just put it in the bag. I got you. Oh, oh, oh. Just I gotta go. I go, I forgot something. Oh, I gotta, oh no. Shoot at Target as big as that place is. Oh. Oh Lord. How Mercy? Talking about I be right back.


But I, I've done that at one time. Ocho, I can't lie. I did that one time. I forgot my wallet. Mm. You ain't got the app on your phone. You ain't got your cards on your phone. You know, you know you got, you got the app when you have your cards on your phone virtually. And you, you Oh No, You ain't know that. Oh you are not. I know, I know exactly. That ain't nothing on my phone. Oh my bad. Oh that's right. My bad. Steal my phone. My screensaver the middle finger. Ha. That's what I got for you. Soon as you tap on it, that's what you gonna see. I got something for you. That's funny.


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features. Like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a Guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean, they're already a circus. They need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how ge Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there. Ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's Just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said, there's a moon too And Sun's up there. You think that ain't gonna be sun. And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well, it's still the sun. It's Like, well your AllPro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see disgust.


Just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and vintage spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any door yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joah wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Fall is in the air. And that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews where natural and affordable, well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


A Wisconsin man apparently took out a $375,000 life insurance policy. Gotcha. Faked his own drowning so he could abandon his family and flee to Europe. ocho. Yeah. Would you fake your own death? Absolutely not. I mean, he faked his death, tried to get away from his wife, get away from his kids. For one. I'm not faking my death 'cause I love my kids. I want to be a, you know, have too much fun with them. But he must have been miserable. He must have been really miserable. You know how you know how bad it has to be as a family man with kids and a wife to fake your death and want to leave and use insurance money.


Like, think like, like logically. Think about that. It has to be really bad. I'm trying to figure out how long he thought Ocho, how long he thought 375,000. Were you gonna get another job or something? Well, it depends. It depends on his lifestyle. It depends on how he live. You not 375 could, could, could, could be a fortune or some people, uncle. Especially if you live way below your means or you're not a spender like that. Well, you gotta pay rent. Does he have a place already paid for it? Is he gonna get a car? I I You gotta understand. Everybody, everybody, everybody don't, everybody don't move like that. You feel me? Some people could. So How you gonna get around? You just gonna walk? I mean, he gonna be, I mean, you going to the uk? What he in Europe? Unc, he moving, he move somewhere in Europe.


Like walk. You get your little moped, you good? Okay, but what you going to eat? Where you gonna live? Some of the people don't even makes 375,000 in their lifetime. I'm sure he was gonna be straighting there. Come on now. Yeah. Somebody that works at that works a a a minimum wage job. Yeah. If you work at a fast food chain, probably maybe not, but I'm, but I'm just saying, I don't know how old. I don't know how old, how old was he? Ash? He Looked like he about a, oh Joe, let's just say for the sake of argument, he spends 20,000 a year. He's in his mid forties. He spend 20,000 a year. Yeah. In 20 years, that's gone. That's that. That's just And he just spends 20,000. Yeah. Can you live off 20,000 a year?


Who? Ochocinco? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I I make that big stretch. I can make it. I listen, I can stretch. You cannot. You wanna bet You cannot. Did you hear what I just said? You cannot live off 20,000 a year. Ocho stop it. I can stretch a hundred dollars for a month. How you going? Tell me So what, so what you living? So how much is that apartment you got right now? Oh, this ain't, this ain't my place. I The apartment that you've been flashing, all the apartments, you looking at how much that gonna cost? Oh, oh that I, I I can't disclose how much that is, but if exactly, Hey, Hold. Hey, I'm just gonna say for the sake, let's just say, let's just say I'm gonna say Ocho, it's gonna, I I'm concerned.


Miami concern. I'm gonna say it's gonna cost you 3000 a month. That's 36,000 right there. I like that. Without, like, without anything. You got a cell phone That's got number? Huh? You got a cell phone? Yeah, my cell phone free. I'm with at and t. Okay. Hey, wait, you, you have to understand you, you thinking, you thinking from your perspective too, you know? No, I think logical Middle, middle aged white man, you know, married three kids, you know he ain't living like that man. He ain't, he ain't living like that. OCHO 375,000 is not a lot of money for a lifetime, bro. You, you comparing these regular folks to you o people going to make 3 75 in they lifetime.


How you gonna tell them about that? The average, the average person makes 50,000 a year. What are you talking about? What? Oh boy. You outta, you outta touch. In reality, He, what's the average salary? What's the average salary for an American In this economy? Economy doesn't matter. You talk more, but people are still making 48, 50,000 a year. No choke. No they are not. No they are not. Watch tell Ash. Look it up real quick. Boy. People out here struggling. Boy I 50,000 a year will, Hold on. Hold on, hold on. What is it? Man, you tripping.


According to the US Department of Labor, the average, hold on. Oh, How you don't wanna listen. Okay, go ahead. I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you finish, I'm gonna let you finish it. I want you to, to read the chat with the people that are actually living real, the real life. The average, the Average salary. The average salary for, Go ahead. According to the US Bureau of Labor, the average US salary in 2023 was $59,384. That's average. Now granted that factors in the LeBron James, the shhe Tony. And that factors in the people that's making 20,000. But even if you made 20,000 a year in 20 years, that's more than 375,000.


So everybody, everybody struggling. But because the US department said this is what everybody make. This is minimum ocho. Now everybody's great. Now we got all financial issues in the goddamn economy. But you listen to what that chart got Say ocho listen. Yes. Groceries are higher. Draft prices are higher. Rent is higher. That doesn't diminish what you make. Yes. It costs more to live. Yes. So that mean we not making enough. Right? So you agree? Oh, Joe, that's beside the point. You said they're not making it. All I'm saying is it costs more to live. So yes, it's gonna cost more.


The point, the point of the matter was you said 3 75 wasn't a lot. So we don't know. We don't know how this man lives. He's going to Europe for, he's going to Europe for one. Right? Stay, stay with me now. Yes, he's going to Europe to live. So he preach. So is he swimming? If he's swimming? So how does he get to Europe on man, I'm just asking because you think he gonna be a modestly. So I'm just trying to figure out how he gets to Europe. Oh, all right. You got you. You gotta stop throwing out all these hypotheticals, man. Trying to spend the man money. Now How the man get, I just wanna know how he gets. I don't Know. I don't know. Maybe He just mad. I don't know How he gonna do it.


I just listen. 3 75 is a lot of money. I don't care how you spice it. How you, how you how you could get for a Lifetime. For a lifetime. Hey, you know some people in this world won't even see a million dollars. That ain't, that's three. I said 3 75. I didn't say no million. 1,000,003 75, 500,000. But you wait, see you, you out a touch for reality man. Come on man. God, Ali man Ocho you now you acting like 3 75. Ain't no money 'cause you been making millions all these years.


Ocho I'm saying For not saying that kind of money in the regular world, huh? Ocho I'm saying 3 75 to last you a lifetime. Yes. If he gets a job and live modestly, that's One thing. You said the man could have 3 75 and he gonna be straight. Where If you got people that would never see, never see 3 75 and you got somebody that gets a lump sum of 3 75 that lives below his means and lives the right way in This economy, He's going to Europe. He not here, he left. That ought be worse than I was over trouble.


Whatcha talking about? Where? And You mercy. We don't live over there. How you know? I read. Oh don't you can't listen. You can't listen. You can't listen. None. Nothing they put out because they Oh Lord have mercy. Can't put you can't listen to none they put out. Okay, hold on, hold on. Let me do my, let me do my little homework real quick. Go ahead. Hold on. I'm looking right now. Hold on.


Okay. All no, what Okay for I'm just saying three. Hold on. Three 75,000. Not a lot of money. I know One thing. All these mother, I let you hold not 5,000. I'm not gonna let you break money. Don't press that off Ocho. Not No, no, no, no, no. I want you to cut a chat with a Greenwood Ocho what you just said read, let you solve. No, it just certain, it's just certain people. I'm just, I'm just, I'm reading certain people about that ain't no money. Okay. No. Read what the cost of living is in Europe. Oh, I I couldn't find it. I can't find Yes You could because you say okay.


Oh, you right. No, no, no, no. Read it. Read it. Come on. Don't do that on I'm Gonna tell you right now. I'm gonna tell you right now. Hold on. Well, hey listen some, well y'all hold on. Watch this. The, the cheapest cost of living in Europe. Damn. They have What? They don't tell you the numbers. They just telling you where the cheapest places to go in Europe to live is, I mean, Portugal, Poland, Romania, Estonia.


See, they, they Athens, Greece. They're not, they're not giving me numbers on what you would need to live in these places. That's something I would, I would need to see. We need to come back to this topic. 'cause this is a great topic. Lemme just say this, this, this is the great topic because what Is, what is the average? What is the average? What part of Europe? Okay, what part of Europe are you talking about? I don't, we don't know what it Europe. Europe. We don. So that's 30. So that's 30. That's $37,500 a year. Now you said he's not, you said he could live off that. That means he's not getting a job and he's living out 37 5 a year. Why? Why wouldn't he get a job? Why would he have a job? Because that was the argument Ocho.


I said that's not a lot of money. Now if he's going to get a job, yes He's gonna get a job. He ain't going and going to Europe like he's some damn, he just robbed a goddamn bank Work. Aren't yo, let me see, the man faked his death. So you think he gonna go get a job? Yes. Do you know how they do that? You, You know how they get caught. You don't think you know how to create and create a new identity. Did you know how they getting caught? Did you see Osis 11 Ocho? Yeah. There's a manhunt looking for him. He's not dead. Ain't Nobody looking for him. And ain't nobody looking For him. How you think we having a conversation? Ocho His wife sniffed on him.


But you say ain't nobody looking for him. I said his wife SISed on him. So how you think we having a lot in the conversation? So he gonna go get a job Man, you and you like, hey, you don't understand how to Oh we gotta, we gotta you. Hey come on, come on down here, man. To the real world. With us, with us regular folk. Ocho Ocho. You talking to somebody that grew up? I understand. I do. But I also understand how I was living. How many people wants to live in a thousand, 1200 square foot with no indi with minimum, with minimal necessities.


That's, that's back. That's back. That's way back in the fifties, man. It's 2024. But you also have to understand Ocho think about what you were accustomed to, right? That's what I'm saying. This man is on the run. If you on the run, how you gonna go get a, how you gonna go get a job Ocho Oh, do you know that? You know how all the things that you can do on a black market to change your identity and be and be a completely new person in a new place? I, I, I shouldn't, I don't. I'm let, let me stop before I get myself in trouble. I ain't finished, I'm not sitting here and talking about that stuff on here. 'cause I, I really shouldn't know nothing about it. But it's possible. It's very possible. People do all, yes, It is impossible, but you gotta make it. But Ocho think about it.


Think about all the people that did things and with the countries. Hell, they called a guy that killed, he killed two police officers in DC They found him in a hut in Africa. Man, man, please Ocho. Yes. Yeah. If he wants, if he wants a, if he wants a menial job, yes, but I'm saying but you said 3, 7, 5 is a lot of money to do what? To do. Nothing. Wait, listen you, you talking to you talking to the cheapest dude in the world, man. So, oh no. Lot of money. But we just had a conversation. Yeah. When you have no money coming in and it's going out.


Right. That's All right. And I think with, with understanding, he would, he knows he would have to have a job Doing what? How he gonna Well he gonna, yeah, if he gets a job, it doesn. Maybe he gets a job that doesn't require information. They gonna pay you under the table. But okay, your identity, they post that 'cause you know they gonna post it. Have you seen this guy? You know what I work with? I work at a guy that looks just like him at the, but oh, I work at a guy with him in the factory. Then what


Attention parents and grandparents are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid-friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest steal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's ventures, fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Fall is in the air. And that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


Black Friday football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Friday, the Las Vegas Raiders take on the Kansas City Chiefs. It's an old school rivalry. For a new game day, join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaleigh Hartung for this exciting matchup. This game reminds me so much of my childhood. When I think games in the nineties, I think the Chiefs Raiders primetime games. It makes me nostalgic for the game I love 'cause coverage begins at one 30 Eastern and kickoff at 3:00 PM Not a prime member, not a problem. Simply Sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's Black Friday football, the Raiders and the Chiefs at one 30 Eastern. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


That's a, hey, that's a good topic. I like that. That's Good topic One thing about it. We'll never know. Yeah, no. Hell no. I doubt you don't wanna know. Have to live off. Oh, I already know. I'm not finna have to live off no 3, 7 5 for the rest of my life. Hell no. Oh, hey. And then Ocho, what happens when they freeze that? Well, hopefully he got the check because they put where you gonna cash your American check at in in in the uk Man, listen. Hey, you saw the movie. He must be the cash, the he must be the cash, the check. Hey, you saw the movie? Catch me if you can. Yeah, I do. Frank Aberdale.


Yeah, I watched the movie. Oh man, Boy, there's so many things you can do with that identity, man. I, I'm, I'm trying to figure out how y'all, like, I'm trying to figure out how y'all talking about, I moved the goal post it's 3 75 for the rest of your life. I'm just trying to figure out how I'm moving the goalpost. So where you living at? What's your rent? Even even the dingiest place go charge you. What? Unless you gonna get what you gonna get on me? You know somebody that got a section that, that you gonna pay a five? What you gonna pay a, let's just say Ocho, you get one of these thousand dollars, a thousand dollars a month.


Okay. That means you can only spend 37 5 ocho. Yeah. You have no power. You ain't have no, you ain't gonna have no air condition. You ain't gonna have no, you ain't gonna have no, you ain't gonna have no lights. What you going to eat? There's a way, because before you fake it there, you already have a format and the plan out. You got everything already planned out before you do all that. So I, I this, I, I don't know what his plan was. I'm not sure if he made it. I'm not sure how he got caught. But it's something that happens all the time. This might, this just happened to be the one who did get caught.


Man, I'm just trying to figure, I'm just trying to figure out, look, look, I understand there's like, yeah, if you lived in Miss, I'm trying to think if you lived in Mississippi, but still, I mean the, the, I understand the cost of everything is elevated. So when you factor, the cost of everything is elevated. Right? And you weigh that by making $37,500 a year. That's the problem where people are struggling. Ocho. If it is not the fact that, okay, we're not because they save people that make 150,000 is basically living check to check in America because eggs and bread and everything is elevated, price of gas is elevated.


The cost of buying a home, it's elevated. The price to rent a home or an apartment is elevated. Right. So if everything is elevated, it's not that people aren't making money, it's just the, it costs more to live. Right. So if it's costing you if 150,000 and to have some people, I'm not saying all I don't, you know, obviously you're probably living in someplace like San Francisco or or one of New York or someplace like that. Ocho you know what I'm saying? Where rent, you know, rent you paying 3000, 4,000, 5,000 a month in rent. Yeah. Just imagine if you paying 5,000 a month in rent.


Mm. Uk UK ain't cheap. Ocho it's not, I don't know. I don't know. 'cause everybody living in the UK ain't living like No, everybody in America ain't living ocho. Why you think people complaining? Yeah. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just saying. Hell, if I ocho if I made, if, if, if I made $50,000 a year and gas was a dollar 33 a gallon and I could get three loaves of bread, that's something entirely different. Think about what it cost to buy a house back in the sixties. Think about what it cost to buy a car in the sixties. You could buy a car, you could buy a house. I mean now a house is a car.


Yeah. Yeah. You ain't buying, you ain't buying no three bedroom, two bath house for no 60 grand. That's what it cost. And your monthly payment would probably $75, $80 a month Live with you gotta live within your means. Yeah. Live within your means and ac your wage. That's I that I say it all the time. If you got a certain amount coming in, if you have a lump sum coming in, you have a plan to live within that means and make that stretch. All I'm saying is I people, if I gave you guys 300, let's just say somebody gave you 375,000, you retiring because if that's not, if that's a lot of money you can retire, kick your feet up like I'm good.


Hey, people in the chat, they rich because everybody said 375,000 ain't no money. Ocho, when you ocho you talking about for the rest of your life. Ocho see you, I think you getting confused talking about 375,000 a year. I'm talking about for the rest of your life, the rest of your natural life. Somebody talking about, I'm gonna flip it, boy, you gonna be back to work tomorrow. You gonna be back to work tomorrow. Because if that's all your money you got and you willing to risk it, I already know what you about to do. Somebody say he, We Ain't gonna be at tomorrow.


Back, back working. Ain't no OCHO who take it Ocho who taking their last and try to flip it, Man. Hey Boy, y'all hell boy. 25% of the people say no they couldn't live off 3 75 for the rest of their life. Hey Ocho, they go, Hey, what they gonna do? They gonna play our parlays.


They gonna play our drafting parlay like I'm, look, I mean the thing was ocho if you look at it, the way we grew up in the house we had, we didn't have to pay rent on it. But you know, my grandmother living off $197 every two months. Right. You gonna have to eat. You gonna have to do some because I remember, man, I ain't eat. No. So if your mom or your grandma bringing in $197 every two weeks, you tell me what, what, what steak and ribs you think you eating, Right? Oh man, that was funny. Yeah. I What's wrong?


People, people forget ocho I think people forget. I think people look at us now and they what they see if they see Shannon, nah, I know what it's like to make $25. I know what it's like to make a hundred dollars a week. Right. I do. I know that's not a lot of money and I know what the cost of things now I'm like, well damn. And that's what people are having a problem with. It's not that they're not making more money. It's that the cost Of living. It's it's going up and it's eating into the money that they're making. Yeah. So if I'm making this ocho I don't want, I don't want prices to stuff that I need to do this also, I need to, I need my money to go this way and I need like, y'all be gradual with red and gas and, and food prices.


I need to creep. Hell, let's move it up at the same pace. Oh, I gotta get some tissue. Y'all got me crying, man, Man, somebody talking about move to Uganda. Hey boy, you say, oh boy. He say if he gonna flip, it ain't gonna be right back, right back to work tomorrow. Yeah. Okay. Flip. Okay. Bad please.


I bad. Look here. I, I I know, I know what stuff called. Hey, I'm, I'm not, I'm not ocho I'm not naive. I got a lot of, I got a lot of households to fill. Oh man. Oh boy. I need, I needed that laugh, boy. Hey, but you know what? Next time my, my employees come out, they need a raise. I'm like, hey, the chance that y'all can live off 37 5 a year. So y'all good ash. Ash can't live. Ash can't live off 37,000 down there, 37,000 a month the way she be spending. Oh man, The Volume.


Oh man.


Nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chews right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side Use as directed.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.