
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


By where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use, protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at The Home Depot. To organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic, visit home depot.com. How doers Get more done,


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


What better way to win the end week 17 than with an overtime game? The Washington Reds. Washington Commanders. There you go. There you go. Make the playoffs for the first time since 2020 with a thrilling 30 to 24 victory in overtime. They walk it off in overtime against the Atlanta Falcon. Thank you guys for joining us again. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Oak Shannon Sharpe, that guy. Liberty City Legend Bengals Ring of Fame, artery Provo of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for staying around with us. We were here late last night and you're back with us again.


So we appreciate your support and your continued support. Thank you very much. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are almost over, but what better way to celebrate the holidays than go into a new year than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. And if you cannot find a bottle in a state or city near you, order it and we'll get it to you. 'cause it's never too late to celebrate. No, please drink responsibly. Please go follow my media company on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. We did this T-shirt with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. We had t-shirts, sweats, as well as stocking stuffers such as beanies, cozies, and mugs.


Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone hopefully has received their orders by now. They started going out as early as Friday of the previous week. Monday, Tuesday, holiday Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. So hopefully everyone has received their merchandise. Let us know what you think about what you ordered and hopefully is to your specifications and your liking. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The linkage pen at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. I promise you, you don't wanna miss this one. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast.


Make sure you cast your vote for us. The link is in the chat, depend on our social pages and in all our social bios. Ocho, as I mentioned earlier, the the commanders defeat the falcons and overtime they walk it off 30 to 24. Jay Daniels 30 of 24, 36, 2 27, the game-winning touchdown to Zach Ertz won in interception and he passed RG three for the most rushing yards in a seasoned by rookie. And he broke the rookie record held by RG three for that. Barry said Tee Jay Daniels had 16 rushes a buck, 27, 24, 36, 2 27, and three touchdowns as he was great when he really needed to beat.


And he was great in that last drive. In that first driver of ot. They got the ball and they never gave it back to the Falcons. So they're headed to the playoffs. Ocho, what did you like about what you saw from the commanders and Jayden Daniels the quarterback. Listen Now only Jayden Daniels, I gonna get Michael Pennick Jr. Some love too. I wanna give him some love too. 'cause there was a series towards the end of the game in which he had to get it done. Yep. He had the team down there to give them an opportunity to tie that game to even get into overtime. So the fact that he was able to do that now he did miss some throws, he did miss some throws in the drive, but they still were able to overcome those missed throws. He played a good game. I think he is the future, he is the future of that franchise over there in Atlanta.


So boom, now to the act that young bull from LSU, matter of fact, let's talk about that young bull who's the rookie of the year. Some people might say Brock Bowers. Brock Bowers, you know, he had, he had a great season, but the rookie of the year in Jayden Daniels, Brock Biles with that team, they won four games. Hey, listen, Jayden Daniels was effing phenomenals despite the pick, despite the pick. They were, they were, they were able to overcome that and do what they need to do. That last series on icing his veins. Yeah, icing. Icing his veins, throwing the ball, threading the needle using his legs when he needed to. No, it was a good game.


It was a good game from start to finish. And again, I just, I just told you this last night, I don't know what it is about the end of games no matter who's playing for some reason it always comes down to the team. Whoever has the ball lasts. Yeah, It happened, it happened with the bangers. We just, we just saw it last night. It happened again. Well, actually you guys had the ball first and y'all missed the field goal. Remember you dunked the field goal. Yeah, You right. You're, you, you got it. Don't don't, don't remind me. Don't remind me. Don't You dunked the field goal. I don't even know if these games should have went to overtime because Jayden Daniels threw the ball right through and z kids let the ball go right off his shoulder pad the ball hit it in his face.


Yeah. So I don't, oh, Joe, I don't even know if we should have even went to overtime. Right, Right. And second of all, I, I'm trying to figure out when they got the ball in the, in Atlanta at the end of the game. Yeah, why wouldn't they? They had two time outs. Yeah. Why would they let that kind of time run off the clock and not burn one of them? I have A question. Huh? I have a question. Yeah. As a head coach, Raheem Marsh, right? As a head coach. Yes. Do you have a spotter or do you have somebody in your ear that can help you with clock management? Is is there anybody or is is everything I'm sure that, Oh, there definitely, there are normally somebody up there that's helping you with the call as far as like throw the red flag. You should challenge that. That was a catch. That wasn't a catch. That was a fumble. That was this, that was that.


But I'm sure o ocho you looking. Okay. You, he's looking at the clock. Okay. They caught the ball. He didn't get out of bounds. Use the timeout. You have to, why would you let that count of time? Because now you speed your, you speed your quarterback up, up, up. You don't need to. Exactly. Exactly. I I, I, I did. I said the same thing about Minnesota earlier. Right? They had three timeouts. It wouldn't burn any of a, they don't roll, they don't carry over. It's not like if you get to the end of the year and you have a, a surplus of timeouts, you get to use 'em all in that game. Right. It doesn't work like that. Right. You get a new set to start to have, I was confused by what Minnesota did. I was equally confused by what the Atlanta Falcons did because I'm like, bro, you have two timeouts.


Right. Take one of them. It just didn't make any sense for me. I agree with you Ocho I thought Penn played well given the circumstances. Yeah. I was surprised that it didn't run bi John Robinson a little bit more in the second half. Yeah, because he was, he he had he had it going Yeah. In the first half. I mean, he ended up with 17 carriers for 90 yards and two touchdowns. But if I'm not mistaken, I think he had those two touchdowns. Might have had those in the first half. So, but I was surprised that they didn't run him a little more pennix missing throws early in the game. I think he was probably a little juiced ocho. Yeah. You know, I'm excited. My, you know, I'm starting, I'm on the road. Right. There's a lot at stake here, but, you know, give him credit. He's gonna be, he's gonna be a good player for the Falcons.


I like, I like I I like the skilled position player. Drake, London. He normally shows up a Mooney Kyle pit, you know, had five targets, four catch 44 yards on a touchdown. A great touchdown to get the game to overtime. Go ahead. Can I say you something please? Yeah. For, for those of you in the chat, if you watch Kyle Pitt play when he was there at Florida, understanding how special of talent he is, how much of a mismatch or advantage that the Falcons have, having a player like that, that can not only line up at tight end. I call him a hybrid. I, I, I don't see him as much as a blocker. I call him a hybrid. He can, can play Titan, he can play receiver, he can line up, he can line up in a slot if the number two, or he could take his ass out wide, you know, and create a atch for you.


Yeah. I don't understand why the Falcons don't use Kyle pits to his strengths and what he can do from an offensive standpoint for the life of me. I don't understand how he has a rookie year that he has and he comes back despite his injury, despite the injury that he had, he was able to come back. He's still not being utilized the right way. And I, I just, I just had to get that out there because the way they're using him and knowing what he can do and what I've seen from him before and knowing the talent that he has and how he can help that offense and make the quarterbacking job a little easier. You could make job a little easier, but they just don't use 'em. I don't understand what is going on over there. But other than that, go ahead. You can take it from there. I I just had to add that tidbit man.


I don't understand what The tight end, Zach Hur stepped up big today. He had seven targets, six catchers, 72 yards, two touchdowns. Yeah. Zakia had a touchdown. Eight catches 85 yards on nine targets from McClarin. He, they couldn't get him going. They gave him seven targets. He only had one catch for five yards. Everything was, you know, they did a great job. Obviously they put AJ Terrell on him. Yeah. You see What they did. Okay. We gonna say, hey, we'll run him and that's what you have to do. Sometimes this, it's okay. Hey, take him. I wouldn't have been been opposed to him putting, putting him on, putting Terrell on his second best receiver. Right. And then running coverage towards McClarin. McClarin. Yeah.


Now the problem that you have is that you gotta a tight end that's feasting. Oh Yeah. So now you, now you gotta pay some attention to him. You know, you got Jesse Base iii and that's what, that's what you got him there for. He's supposed to be the guy that somewhat neutralized the tight end. Right. But ER's had some big catches today. Big touchdown catches, you know, we know he went to the Pro Bowl a couple years in Philly. Yeah. But then they got Dallas Godard and, and and Cal Ra and they were just like, okay, we're just gonna move on because it doesn't make sense for us to have. And then he went to Arizona and then they get Trey McBride and it's like, okay, it's time for you to move on here. Right. So, but I thought he played really, really well today. But Washington looked really good.


They're 11 and five with a chance to get to 12 and five playing the Cowboys at home. Oh, excuse me. Playing the Cowboys in Jerry World on the road. Yeah. It'll be interesting to see because the Cowboys we're talking about that a little later. They quit today. Philly made 'em give it up. Philly made 'em give it up. It ain't no way around it. What they Did, We talked about this last week. You see the difference between when you don't have expectations and when you win a couple of games and now people expect you to go out there and compete because Jared was very, very happy that Mike McCarthy got this guy, these guys ready to compete and to play hard. And the moment Philis started leaning on him. Yeah. Laid it down. They laid it down. Yeah, they laid it down. Yeah. They, because I mean, they got a couple little achieve late in the game, but Philly opened up a can on them and Sequan did what Sequan was supposed to do.


But I'm, I'm, you know, I'm excited for the Washington football team. They got that stint, which is Daniel Snyder out of there. Right. They've done a great job of, of, of drafting. They got the quarterback. They, they had nice pieces in place, but they got a quarterback. They brought an offensive coordinator in. That's good. And handling young quarterbacks. Yeah. Putting and, and, and, and having an offense that's very quarterback friendly that utilizes what that quarterback does. Remember Kyle Murray? Kyle Murray did a lot of what we see Jayden Daniels did. Yeah. Doing this season. And Kyle Murray was rookie of the year. So I don't think anybody's surprised by that. I think, I think what you call 'em, I don't think Colin them made the playoffs.


His rookie seasons. I think they made it his second season. But Jayden Daniels 16 carries a buck 22, excuse me, a buck 27, 24 36, 2 27, 3 touchdowns, one inception and the game winning touchdown in over time to Zach Ertz as they walk it off and they win 30 to 24 and they make the playoffs for the first time since 2020. Yeah. Oh. Show The Vikings defeated the packers. 27 25. Sam Donald had a career day. 377 yards. Viking give themselves a chance to secure the number one seed. All they have to do is beat the Detroit Lions next week won nine, they passed nine games in a row.


They only losses this season. Two point at home to the Lions and a 10 point loss on the road at Los Angeles. No. Was that game in They lost to the Rams? I don't know if it was in Los Angeles, but Sam Darnell was sensational today, again, 33 or 43, 3 77, 3 touchdowns, one interception. He was sat one time, Aaron, they didn't run the ball really well. So they basically had to put the ball in his hands and say, bro, you got the deliverance. And he absolutely did that. Justin Jefferson was eight of nine, eight for 92. Naylor was five for 81 on the touchdown. Addison was six to 69 on the touchdown Cam Akers caught a touchdown.


But the Minnesota Vikings, I mean, think about it. No, you've got Minnesota at 14 and two. What you call that 14 is is what? 13 and two. 13 and two. Detroit. They played tomorrow night. Ocho, they got the 49 of tomorrow night. Yep. So you might, for the, for the, for all the marbles, you might have a 14 and two Minnesota taking on a 15 A-A-A-A-A 14 and two to Detroit, Detroit Lions, hey List with, with all the marbles on the table. Everything On the table. That's gonna, that's gonna be a really good game. That's gonna be a really good game. And outside, outside, outside of that game, huh?


We'll see that we get next week. This Viking, this vikings packing game was really good. Oh yeah. The NFLO show not to cut you off the NFL release the schedule. Cincinnati and the Steelers are Saturday night. Right. Detroit and Minnesota is Sunday night. Right. So primetime action with a lot riding on it, that's what you want to have happen. Yes, sir. The the NFL did one of the best thing they've done with the scheduling. So look, Buffalo might probably not gonna play anybody OCHO they've secured number two C. Right. Kansas City's made it abundantly clear. They're not playing anybody. They're the number one seed. So they're gonna make sure their guys are healthy. Right.


So guess what, you don't play this week. We gotta a bi week. So you got give a guy like a Chris Jones, you get guys that have some bumps and bruises. Now you give Patrick Mahomes two weeks to get that ankle as healthy as it's going to be. You get Hollywood Brown the opportunity to get some more running and get that shoulder. Yeah. Yeah. So, but this was really good. Minnesota looked, Minnesota looked good. Minnesota looked good. There could be a scenario. What who Green Bay played. Green Bay played Chicago. Right. Last game of the season. 'cause everybody played division games last game of the season. Yes. At home. So the Green, think about it, green Bay could be 12 and five. Minnesota could be 14 and three or 15 and two.


Yeah. Detroit could be 14 and three, 15 and two. And they're all in the same division. Oh Yeah. And that, that's crazy how the NFC at the, the NFC dominated the way it did and looked the way it did this, this goddamn season. They've been playing some goddamn good football. That goddamn Sam Donald boy, He playing. Hey Sam. Donald was cooking today. You hear me? Huh? Yeah. And you not listening to me. Sam Donald was cooking today. Remember when Oprah was giving out cars on that? At one show? You get a car, you get a car. Man, Sam Donald told the receivers Addison Naylor and god damn Jefferson, Jj. Yeah. You get A ball, you get a ball, you get a ball. Kinon say, lemme give some of that too. Now Listen, they, they, they weren't able to listen.


The goddamn packer did a good job stopping the run. They did a I'm stopping the run and God, I'm about to forget, forget his name. Damn. Sam Donald had to put the team on his back in there. Yeah. And he, he did just that. He did just that. So, listen, I'm, I'm excited for him. I don't know what it's gonna be like when they play them goddamn lions, you know, 'cause the lions are depleted, are depleted when it comes to, from a defensive side of the ball. Hell, they might put up motherfucking 50 points a piece. They might put up 50 points a piece. I'm, I'm installed just like I'm, I'm so excited right now. I'm talking so goddamn fast. I can't even get out what I really want a goddamn say.


Did you, you heard, you heard what Ja Alexander said after the game. No. What do you say? Yeah. Ja. Ja Jair Alexander told reporters post game that he played against the packer. I mean, if he played the Packers, they would've beaten the Vikings if he had played in the game.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of, of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC IC


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like Progress Bank and services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to travel the world in style. Now with skymile experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event, or access to luxurious wellness retreats. You can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than Miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure, and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. Sky Skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/skymile experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Let's see. The Packers will finish with a losing record of the division that only the only North n the only NFC North win came against Chicago. Okay. The Packers are combined O five against the top three teams in the NFC, the Eagles, the Lions and the Vikings. Hell look at those records. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean the, the Eagles have lost only three games, so they're 13 and three. Right. The Lions have lost only two games. Minnesota's lost only two games. Yes, sir. So it ain't no shame in losing them. Right, Right. I Understand. Jay Alexander told the post after the game had he played against Green Bay with a beaten the bike. He Yeah. Minnesota's extremely lucky. I was injured, man. If I'm playing, we beat them by two scores and, and I'm not hit and I'm hitting the gritty twice at minimum.


Lucky. That's all. Listen, I like, I like his confidence. I really like his confidence. Listen, Jaire is one of the, one of the better corners in the league who hasn't really been able to be out there, do the injury. I think there's something wrong with his knee. Anytime him and Justin Jefferson do match up. Yeah. It's always a show. Sometimes he loses, sometimes he wins. But the fact that he goes out there and competes against one of the better receivers, the, in the NFL is a really, really good thing. And it's always entertaining and it's always fun. Never malicious. It's never malicious. They, it is not like, it's not like when you get a, a Lamore and Mike Evans Yeah. Two fellas out there that have respected each other and they gonna go to work, they gonna go to work. And I, I, I like what he's saying, but I don't think even if you did play, I Mean, I don't think they beat him by two scores.


I mean, I mean, I mean, you only lost by, you only lost by two points, but you can only guard one guy. I mean, so if you take J Jetta, who's gonna deal with Addison? Right. Right. And obviously the people that had to deal with Addison had to deal with Naylor. I mean, they couldn't stop him either. So either way it go, you could, you can, you could only do so much as one player. Yes. But I love his confidence. He's always been that way and he's always been, been very brash and had that bravado and, and, and, and Moxie. I like that word. Moxie. I use it every chance. Right. Get Oh my Justin Jefferson heard me. Go Ahead. I just, I just, I just saw what you said. My bad. I I'm too excited. That's what happens when I get excited. My bad baby. Yeah, My bad.


Justin Jefferson put his jewels with the other family jewels. Justin Jefferson shoved his million dollar chain into his crotch after the chain fell off in the middle of a play. I like that. Hey, hey, hey. Ho your man look here. Yeah, I know. I like having a little jewelry, but I don't know. Yeah, I draw the line. I mean, I don't know about no million dollars. Nah, listen, did he say it was a million dollars or did we just put a price point on what it is? Twitter put a, I I mean, I mean looking at the jury that he weighs where he probably got somewhere between 150 and a quarter of a mill on though. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. But that mean a million is a bit much. And I, And plus he got plus what he got in his mouth. Yeah.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean listen, J Jetta got styled. Jetta got styled. That's the way he played. He always got in diamonds in his mouth. Chased with the Diamond grill as well. Yeah. Must be A LSG. Lamar got one too. Oh yeah. Lamar, Lamar, Lamar, Lamar one too two Florida, Florida. See Florida started the grill. Florida used to have all the gold Grill Was gold. Yeah. Yeah. Way back, way back. Way back, way back. Yeah. I, I remember them days, man. Remember I had a out full too, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it was, it was a, it was a very good game. The guys eat, like you said, the guys are stylish out there. I mean, it's hard to find somebody play a skill position Right.


That don't have on jewelry. Yeah. I mean they got, I mean, I mean some guys have on Grace, you know, have on, you know, you know bracelets, some guys have on chains obviously you, you mentioned Ocho, you mentioned the grills. Yeah. But that's where we headed now. Yeah. I remember when I first saw, and a lot of the guys that are married having the rubber, the the wedding bands on. Yeah. The the rubber. Yeah. I guess y'all want everybody to know y'all married. But it was a good game. It, it was a good game. I mean this is what you expect. Two division rivals, Ocho, they're very close. I mean 11, I mean one was 11 and four heading into the game. Yeah. The other was 13 and two heading into the game. So you expected a close. I mean, look, it got close, but I mean the score says 20 27, 25.


But Minnesota got the ball. It was a, you know, I, I thought Minnesota once they got control, once he got cooking half that second quarter and, and into the third just goes to show you. Yeah, Carolina had Sam, Donna and they had Baker Mayfield. I don't know if y'all know, but Baker Mayfield got like four or five games where he thrown four touchdowns this year. Now he threw five today. Yeah. With over 300 yards. Sam, Donna threw three today he's thrown 35 touchdowns, which is the third most for, for for Viking. So I, I don't, so clearly these guys can play Yeah. Given the right circum circumstances.


Yeah. Now look, they were devoid of talent. They didn't have this level of talent in Carolina. Right? So you have to take, look, I'm not saying that it's all Carolina fault, but Mike, Evan and Chris Gowin, you look at what they got in Tampa now, even though Chris Godwin is going down, right, they still have quality receivers. Right. And they have a nice running game. You look at what they, what obviously look at what Sam Don's throwing too, right? He got Aaron Jones in his backfield. He got Hawkinson who's been a, who's been a pro Bowl player. He's got Jetta. He's got Addison, he's got Nailor. I mean, look, he's got guys that he can throw the ball to. Right. But it just goes to show you, I don't care without talent around you. Now you got some guys, now guys like a Mahomes or guys like a, some guys can elevate like Brady.


Yeah. They used to Elevate. Could elevate. Right. You know, not if you in the league you are good, but everybody is not gonna be a jetter. Everybody's not gonna be Randy Moss T and so forth. And so, but what a, a, a great quarterback like of Mahome, he can elevate those guys play. Right. When you're not that level of player, you need guys to elevate your play. Yes sir. And that's what the great skilled position players around you are able to do. Baker Mayfield has been better since he got to Tampa Yeah. Than even when he was in Cleveland because he got more talent around him. Yeah. Sam, Donna was never gonna be this good and, and, and the Jets and at Carolina because he didn't have this level of talent around it.


And so if you go out and sign a Sam Darnell, look at what you have, do you have the roster that's equipped to help continue to elevate it? Right. 'cause if you don't, he's not Mahomes, he's not bur he's not Lamar, he's not Josh Allen. That's not what he is. Right. And I'm not Finn to sit here and tell you because he's having, and he's having an outstanding year. I, I, I give credit what credits do, but I don't look at him as a guy. That's a, a multiplier. Right. That he, no matter who you put out there, Ocho, he's gonna make him times two. Right. That's not what, that's Lamar that's, that's reserved for the top four or five quarterbacks in the league.


Yeah. And we, that's not for him. You know what, you know what I call those, I call those tier one quarterbacks. Okay. Tier one Quarterbacks or your, or elites that regardless to what you put around them, they always gonna get the job done. They always get the job done. Then you have your, then you have your tier two quarterbacks, your tier two quarterbacks. Sometimes they need a little help. Now they're good, but they're not great. Now you put some, you put some good receivers around 'em, you know, like the Buccaneers, you got some Mike Evans, you know. Yes. You got To. But they could have a game where they, they can have a game or two where they are great. Yes. But more times than not, you need to have that hedge around them. Support. Support. And you get what you get. Yes. Yep.


We got here. Oh, the Eagles. Oh my. The NC East. Oh my. So we've gone, hold on, we've gone like 21 straight years without having a back-to-back NFC East champ. So the last time we had a back Toback NFC East champ was 2003, 2004 was the Eagles. Correct. But lemme go and Rere Sequan Barkley hit the magic number 2K. Yeah. He's at 2K five one game to go against the Giants. The team that didn't want me, the team that says I couldn't help them win no game. I'm trying to go get, I'm trying to work for 2 0 5. I'm trying to get 2205. Yeah. Leave no doubt. Now, hey, y'all put me back in that MVP conversation. Me personally, I think it's a two horse race between Josh Allen and Lamar Jackson.


It'll be interesting. So what, what's the, what's the odds now as far as Lamar and Josh Allen? Is Josh still favorite? You know what? And I got a question for you when you get that answer, Damn it grew because remember it was just lot minus one 60 last week. We'll see Ocho hear Me? Huh? I had a question for you before you even start. Go ahead. Say how many y how many yards is, I know he is at 2000. How many yards does he need to break everything? He needs 101 yard. So here we go. Now we talk about the m we talk about the MVP race. Obviously the Yes, it's a two man race. It's two horse race actually. Yeah. Lamar Jackson and Josh Allen.


What happen, despite what Josh Allen and Lamar Jackson have done this season, if Saquon goes out there and gets 102 yards Yeah. And everything gets through record, wouldn't happens with the NBP race. Did I still think it's between Josh and Lamar no matter What I do believe, I do believe that Sayon is gonna be offensive player of the year. Okay. I mean, he's offensive player of the year right now. Especially at The That's what I, I believe I, I believe Ocho personally, I believe that's the war that he'll get. Right. But when you look at, you look at Lamar, Lamar has 40, what, 43 total touchdowns. Right. And eight turnovers.


Josh Allen has like 41 total touchdowns and nine turnovers. So you see their neck and neck and then you obviously you got Joe bur it would've been very interesting, right. Had Joe Burrow had five or fewer losses. Now we gotta, now we gotta have a real hardness. Now we gotta have a real healthy conversation. That's all. Because we know what Joe B, if Joe B has a chance to go for 5,000. Yeah. 5,000. And it's gonna be a very similar situation to Drew Brees when he had all those 5,000 yard seasons. And he only came away. I mean, a lot of times he didn't get nothing. Right. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see Saquon surpassed 2000 Russian yards.


He's one 101 yards away from breaking Eric Dickinson record. That was set in 19 84, 21 0 5. There are the, there will be temptations to let Saquon go. For the record, I'm going for ocho. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. And listen, you know what I don't like, especially when it comes to things like this I hate internally, especially when it comes to records that are being broken, when it comes to players that have incentives in the contract. I've always heard about teams doing funny things, doing funny things. I've, I've heard the stories. I'm sure you've heard the stories as well. Yeah. They don't allow players to get certain incentives. They're taking out the game or they, they don't give them the amount of carries or the amount of catches that they need to hit. Right. I hope they don't play any type of game for sa one. I know they're winning and they might use the fact that they are winning or we might pull you off the game to make sure you don't reach that incentive for breaking that record because you don't, we don't want you get hurt.


We wanna say you for the playoffs. I don't Know if he got that ocho. It's Weird, funny stuff. Huh? You think he got I I I know damn well I'm not. Put that record, I'm not putting no record. Okay. If I break, if I break Mega, if I'm a wide receiver, I break Megatron record, I get, I get a million dollars. But I ain't put that in there. No, I'm, no, I'm just saying if it ain't, I'm not saying I was just using it. Incentive as an example of what some teams do. So type Oh yeah. Players. I'm not saying what you Mean. Do I know somebody? Yeah, it happened to me. Right. Oh, what happened to you? Yeah. Oh. So You know I had a hundred thousand in my contract. Right. I had 115 yards and two touchdowns at a half. I needed five yards to get a thousand and didn't catch another ball, didn't get another target. You see how they do now.


That's why we, that's why we're just saying, I hope they don't play that game of Saquon and trying to pull him out and not give him, not give him the rushes and the carries that he needs to break that record. I'm getting that. Hold on. And I just saw Jonathan Taylor go have like 18 carriers for 1 25. Oh, I'm gonna get that. I'm gonna say, look, now it's on y'all. Y'all can gimme 25 cares and let me get this number at the half. And I set that down. But I'm not coming out till I get this record. You too close. Everybody talking about oh, straight corner. I go He ain't being selfish. He sacrificed. Yeah, He blocked, he does everything that you asked him to be. He's been a model teammate. I don't know Saquon person, but looking at his personality and the way he interacts.


Yeah. His teammates love him. They got him holding up in the locker room in the offensive line. They doing things for him. He never got when he was in the, the Giants. Right. The Giants organization appreciates him more than he ever got appreciated in New York. Now I'm not saying the fans fans, this is not a knock on y'all. I'm saying the organization. Right. I'm saying the, I'm saying the, I'm saying Sean or who the, whoever, they never show Saquon what the Eagles organization Right. Has shown him. I'm not talking about the players because I'm sure the players loved him. I'm just talking about from the ownership right front office. I'm gonna stop at it there. You see the way they, they are, they embrace him from Laurie to Howard Roseman the offensive line.


Right. And he includes them in everything. I'm getting that damn record. That's that They gotta they gotta let him get it on. I just know the game that they do play, you've experienced it before. I heard the horror stories about it. And he sees so he's so close to it. I-I-I-J-I just hope they run the offense through him. I don't, I don't know the extent of the injury. I'm not sure what Kenny Pickett is going through, but they've got to lean on him. They got to lean on SA Corn next week, man. So I'm, I'm hoping he breaks that record. That that, that, that'd be very exciting for him. Can can you, do we know if he got any We'll, it'll come out. We'll know if he has any incentive if they were to win the division.


If they win the NFC championship. I mean he wins the MVP. I'm, I'm sure he probably have a, a $500,000 bonus or a million dollar bonus. He be's offensive player of the year. He's MVP. He's Super Bowl MVP. They make the Super Bowl, they win the NFC, they win the nfcs. I'm sure he has some incentives in there, but I'm getting that damn record. Damn, y'all excuse me. I'm too close, don't you? Yeah, I mean the likelihood of you ever, I mean the, how much it he, he got 500 K for reaching 2000 Championship Two 50 to the NFC Championship.


Right? Two 50 to bowl. What about MVP? Super Bowl MVP or MVP? Oh yeah. He about, he about to get some he about Oh yeah, he see, he he gonna be a unanimous pick for first team All Pro. That's 500,000. Yeah, he got 2K. That's for another 500,000. He make the Pro Bowl that's two 50 mm. If he make the NFC championship game, that's another two 50. So he got an opportunity to get $2 million worth incentives. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's, that's a good thing. That's, that's, that's a, that's a very good thing, man. We just turned the air on man. Safety.


Hold on. My son just turned the air on, man. It's cold as hell. Hold on. Yeah. Kenny Pickett was 10 or fifteen, a hundred forty three yards. One touchdown McKee came in. Tanner McKee came in through, he was three or 4 54 yards, two touchdowns. As we mentioned. Saquon, they ran the ball 42 times for a buck 79. You knew they were gonna lean heavily on Saquon. You don't wanna put your Coke quarterback in harm's way. Cowboys can get up your quarterback a little bit. Although they did a great job of keeping him clean today. Seon 31 carries a buck 67 42 rush attempts for the team.


179 yards. One touchdown. And that was a a, a run by Kenny Pickett. Devonte Smith. Six for a buck twin. That's the way you bounced back, Devonte. That's the way you bounced back after what transpired. You can't get that back. Yeah. But you could like, Hey, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, y'all gonna put me back in that situation and I promise y'all, I won't let y'all down. AJ three for 36 at a touchdown. AJ got excited, threw the ball up in the stands. What? He didn't know that was tandem McKees first touchdown. Yeah. So he said, Hey, let me get that back. Yeah. I'll give you the jersey off my back if you let me get that ball back. Yeah. That was dope. So that was dope. That, that was a dope, that was a dope experience in a it was a dope exchange.


It is. I'm glad, I'm glad, I'm glad the guy in the in the, in the, in the Sands was willing to give the ball back. Yeah. That it was a Quarterback. I rather have a damn jersey you talking about. That's the jersey. Oh, ain't no questioning. Right this jersey right off the man back. Hell y'all saw him on National. Lemme get That right here in the stadium. Take it up off him. Make Sure you decide too. Yeah, he did. So, absolutely. Absolutely. That was unbelievable moment there. And the cowboy, I'm, you know what, because this serves the Cowboys, right, because for the longest time, oh, Cooper Rush is better than Dax. Oh, Jerry could have saved that money that he paid.


D gave gave 15 20 million to Cooper Rush. Look it bro. Compared to Cooper Rush. Dak is Patrick Mahomes compared to Cooper Rush. Now y'all need to stop this Cowboy fans. Right. Cooper, Cooper Rush was a free agent. Nobody, he went back to the Cowboys, which I said was going to happen. Right. He's a guy, he's a Jag. Just another guy. And that's not, and I don't say that in a disrespectful, but that's okay because you got 1500 guys in the NFL. Yeah. Everybody is not great. There's room for everybody. But we've gotta stop because we see guys have a few good game and talk about there's a second coming.


No, he is not. Never was. He never will be. They crying him too early. They crying him too early. Yes They be, But I wanna know. I mean they must be, I think they might give a Mike McCarthy contract Extens because he had 'em playing hard. Remember last week? Oh yeah. Remember last week Jerry came out, he kept this team together. They keep battling 41 to seven. Yeah. Yeah. You see what happens with expectations. That's the killer of dreams. Expectations. See, when you have none, you go under the radar. You see, that's why I tell guys, when you see guys make all pro make Pro Bowls every single year.


Right. Those are the guys you keep an eye on. It's easy to make the Pro Bowl once. Yeah. It's easy to make it all Protein one. But now they got film, now they know what you can do. Now they game plan to stop your ass. That's now can you go make it again? That's, can you make it again? Can you make it again? And that, that's the difficult part because what makes players great, what makes players elite, what makes players high paid value players for their teams is when they know you good. When the game plan for you and you do your job week in and week out at a consistent, you can't You Year in and year out. And I don't, you know, you know, it's so funny uncle, when it comes to great players like the Mahomes and the Tom Bradys and Mannings and you, the Ray Lewises and all.


Yes, yes, yes. I don't think people understand how difficult it is to remain at the highest level. Possibly can when the game plan is stopped. Stop you. It's what they do. Yeah. Every week. Every week. I mean, there's never been a game plan that wasn't built to stop Jerry Rice. There's never been a game plan that was wasn't designed, that wasn't designed to block Lawrence Taylor. Yeah. Or to block Ray Lewis. Yeah. Or to stop this guy. To stop that guy. And for 20 years, remember Jerry had a thousand yards at 40. There ain't no receivers playing past 35.


Yeah, he's 40. Yeah. Brady since after Brady after 2002, for the most part, every game plan, we gotta stop. 12, how do we stop 12? How do we stop 12? How do we stop 18? How do we stop 18? How do we get the, how do we get the guards up on race? How do we make sure we have accounted for? How do we block how TJ wat Miles Garrett. Yeah. And every single year they kick your ass. Yeah. And the funny thing about it when it comes to 12 and 18, 12 and 18 is so special. And we not talking about skillset and just being gifted. We about they beating you here. Huh?


They out think your ass. They Here. So whatever you, whatever you're doing defensively, they already had it. They, they already envisioned it in their head. No matter what kind. Well, no matter what you do, no matter what defense, no matter what the side you run, whatever, no bluffing, all that doesn't even matter. 'cause they already know, because they done played it a million times than they had before they even run the play. I know, Mott, I know what I'm getting based off Film playing. You gotta go to this ocho You know, You gotta go to this because guess what? Hey, you know what man, Ocho got in trouble. I know who you're gonna call. Let me tap that person line. That's right. Right on cue. They go Ocho. Yeah. Didn't I tell you they already know what you're gonna do when they come out in this formation. Right. They know you check to it.


So they gotta check the count of yours. You beat them. You did a hell of a job. Yeah. Normally had to knock 'em on their ass because you're not gonna outthink them. You gotta, you gotta put your helmet up under their chin. Oh Yeah. Well congratulations, Eagles. They get it done, done without Jalen hurt. Hopefully. We'll, we'll see. They're still fighting. There's an outside chance they can get the number two C, but in all likelihood, it's probably gonna be, it'll be interesting to see 'cause they're, they're already lost three games. So if Minnesota loses, we are under the assumption that Detroit wins Right. Tomorrow night against the 49 ERs. So if they lose, Wait, whoa, whoa, wait. Whoa, come on, come on.


Now we're under the assumption that the Yeah, that Detroit wins. Are they, are they, they starters? Oh no. They playing their starters. Huh? They Playing their starters. Okay. They, they gonna win. You know, man, I mean that's no disrespect to the 49 ERs in their defense. That's no disrespect to them. But Ben Johnson, that creativity in just too much Aman Ross, St. Brown and Jameson Williams, and obviously Montgomery's out. But Jamir man, listen, they're going to win. They're going to put up points, they're gonna score a lot. That's what they do. That's what they've done the entirety day of this season. The 49 ERs are probably gonna put up a good fight. But at some point, you already know what Dan Campbell gonna do. You already know what Dan Campbell, Dan Soup, I'm gonna call him Dan Soup Campbell, you already know what he gonna do.


I'm, I'm pour down. I'm gonna run a score butt up. And I mean, no disrespect to you, but this is about my team. This is about changing the culture over here in Detroit. And that's what I'm gonna keep doing


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC,


Congratulations to Easter Seals, Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2. One OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to travel the world in style. Now with skymile experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event, or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles, and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection, spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure, and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. Skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/skymile experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply


Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use, protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find, even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at The Home Depot to organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic. Visit home depot.com. How doers Get more done.


The Eagles fans hel Jerry Jones, which is not, look you an owner, you and a hosta you in a state spa. There is no love lost no between these two teams. There's no love. Now their biggest rival is Washington, right? Philly is normally Philly, the Giants, because they're right there next to each other. Philly, New York. Philly, New York, you know, so, oh, they normally right there Ocho, right? But Philly hates it. Philly hates the Cowboys. I'm old enough to remember. I know you don't remember this when b, when Buddy put a bounty buddy Ryan, I was there. Yeah, buddy Ryan put a bounty out. He put a bounty on the kicker. A nah end about, oh, that's what, as a matter of fact, I think they sack, Troy, go back and look at that Eagles game.


I think they sack Troy like 10, 11 times 10. How many times did they sack Troy? What The hell was the whole line doing? They sacked him 11 times. How much? Jesus. But look here. They had a nasty defense. Boy. They had a defense. They had Reggie, they had Jay Boogie. Yeah, they had Clyde Simmons. Yeah, they had Seth Joiners, they had Byron Evans. They had Muddy Waters. They had ea Eric Allen. Yeah. Wait, DV Eric Allen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Boy. Hey, they had a squad.


Yeah. Hell, I think they held us, what? 92? I think they might have held us to like 50 yards of total offense. What? Yeah, total. Total. Go back and look at how many in 92 we played them in. Yeah, I know who they had. I know who they had. Yeah. Oh, you just said 50 yards of total offense in the NFL League. Go back and look in nine, in 92, the Eagles. We played the Eagles in Philly. See how many yards we, they held us to, man, they beat us. They beat us. They beat us 37. Nothing. Jesus. And this, this must have been right. This must have been right before Bobby. As a matter of fact, hold on.


This was the year, this was the Jay Boogie rest. His soul, Jerome Brown had died in the off season of that car accident. Ah, Hey, this was the Eagles team before Bobby Taylor and Oh, My bad, Ocho. We had 82 total yards bad. You heard me? Oh, hey, I, I ain't tell you what somebody told me I was there. Yeah, Hold on. Is this, was this, this was before Bobby Taylor and Troy Benson got there, huh? Oh, yeah, yeah. Way before that. Hell yeah. Okay. Hell yeah.


Damn. I ain't know that. I ain't know that. I ain't know that. You gotta realize Troy got drafted by Miami. Miami. He did. Yeah. I shovel passes. I had caught two passes. I caught two shovel. Yeah. Troy, Troy got drafted by Miami. I ain't know that. Yeah, Man, that's crazy. But hey, Ocho, what will the Cowboys do? Will they keep McCarthy or will they move on? I, I think they gonna move on. I think they're gonna move on.


You know, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry wants, Jerry wants to make a splash. He wants to make a name. He wants to keep the Cowboys the star. They, he wants to keep it circulated in the media is, that's something he'll always do. He's going to come out and say something soon. I'm not sure when it will happen, but he's gonna be in front center in front of a camera. I love the way the players stuck up for Mike McCarthy, Michael Parsons, some other players came out and said some things necessary to, to vouch for him and wanting to, to be the coach of next year. But at the end of the day, it comes down to Jerry's decision, and we know how Jerry feels. We probably know how some of the fans actually feel, not, not just about Jerry, but Mike McCarthy and wanting, and them also wanting to make a change and get that team hope and the fans in the city of Dallas hope that maybe, you know, next year might be the year.


And listen, I I'm, I'm pulling for him. I'm pulling for him. And I just don't like the fact that the person who creates the most noise I creates the most unwanted attention is the one who sits all the way at the top and hadn't done. He don't catch no balls. He don't take no hits. He don't do nothing. But Yeah, I think it's, I think it's unfair to the players. It's, it's unfair to the coaching staff that added extra pressure that he, that he puts on the team itself instead of just allowing them to do it, allowing them to do what they need to do and preparing for a game and going out there and playing without the owner front and center as if we know you run the show.


It just, I just, it's just too much. It's too much of a circus. Yeah. Too much of a circus. And I mean that in a respectful way. Hey, oh, Joe, check this out. The bills defeated the jets 40 to 14. At one point, the score was 40 to eight. Aaron Rogers had a 1.2 QBR today versus the Bills. It was one of the worst 20 worst games by a quarterback in NFL history. It was the worst game since Davis Mills in 2021, the bills forced three turnovers notched the safety sacked Aaron Rogers four times Rogers had a, a forgettable game with season lows in passing yards.


112 quarterback rating 44. Aaron Rogers benched himself in the fourth quarter, essentially saying, you know what, Ocho this is what he said. I mean, it was 33 to nothing. We're sitting there, and I said, at some point you probably go to Tyro. Huh? Probably should have went to Tyro about five games ago. Huh? Hey, Oh, you know what? Hey, bills, I need y'all to gimme y'all vaccination status because that probably, that probably why y'all won. Hey, so I can ask you a question though. Hey, Chad. Yeah, sure. You question love. I would love for you to ask me a question.


Hey, Chad, listen, listen to me. Is this any different than Anthony Richardson saying you Absolutely Not. In coming out the game and Aaron Rogers saying, you know what? I'm going to bench myself. I guess what? Maybe based on my play when there's nothing wrong with it, there any diff I'm just curious. I I'm, I'm here chat. I'm curious on your thoughts. I'm, I, I I just wanna un I I I don't get it. I've never heard of a player actually mention himself unless he's saying he beats himself. Yeah. And, and, and, and they, unless they actually did it. No, that's not what he said. He said he went to the coach, basically went to the coach and said, we're sitting there. And I said, at some point, probably go to Tyro here.


Huh? What? You, you can't, you can't say that you can't give up on your team in the middle of a game. No matter how magic playing, you still gotta keep fighting to the end. You have to. So I'm just trying to figure out, I mean, I'm curious, but I, if in fact I, I hope they, they probably, they look, I mean, he, he done begged enough for a job, or if they draft a quarterback, I would mentor him. You know, that's not a conversation for me. I mean, he's begging to stay there. He know he is played bad. Yeah. And y'all getting, people have given him every excuse. And, and when you say that he's played bad, you're talking about his vaccination status. That ain't got nothing to do with him playing bad at All.


At all. That ain't got nothing to do. And that was four years ago. Ain't even nobody talking about Covid. He keeps bringing that up. He try to, what he's trying to do, he's playing, he's playing the Shell game with Jo Ocho. Right, Right, right, right. I'm playing bad. Let's talk about Covid. Yo. So, oh, so you said You're still playing bad. I see the, the right hand is what you're playing bad with. So you, so you, you trying to say he's trying to distract us. He tried to distract. That's why he keeps bringing it up. Don't nobody, don't nobody bring up that he misled people and see, you know, immunization. And he talk about, you know, if he vaccinated, he immunized. Nobody brings that up. Right. We're talking about your play in 2024.


Right. Has been abysmal. So, okay. There's no, there's no way around it. Right. He's played bad. Right. He's still a four time league. MVP won. He's still a Super Bowl champ. He still has thrown 499 touchdowns. He's done all of that. Yeah. And I say that, but he's played bad in 2024. There's no way around chat. There's no way around Jet fans. Even the most diehard staunchy supporters of Aaron Rogers Right. Can honestly can't look themselves in the mirror and says he played good. Yeah. Because he has it. So with that being said, being that his 24, 20, 24 season was abysmal, it's been bad. It's been really bad. Does he get an opportunity to redeem himself next year?


That's the question. I don't Believe he redeemed himself in New York. That's just, that's just me. Right. I think, I mean, Woodie Johnson, if the reports are to be believed, right, that Woodie Johnson tried to bench him earlier in the season. I don't know why you would bench him and didn't have him back. Mm. Now that's just my thought. Now, look, owners have done things that made me scratch my head before. Yeah. They, they, yeah, they have. But all I know is this, they fired the coach. They demoted the offensive coordinator and he's still playing bad. So, so, so we, we, we realized how wasn't the issue. No. And like I say, you know, no players get, players get coach inspired.


But Ocho the thing is, is this is what you have to understand. When you bring a guy like that in, you basically turn the, you turn the organization over to it. Hey, You getting the keys to 'em? You have to. Tampa did that for Tampa did that for Brady. Broncos did that for Manny. The problem that you have to be careful with is that people, sometimes they have power, they'll abuse that privilege. Oh, it'll tell you a lot. Give a person p if you wanna know what a person, if people say, well, give him money, give a person power. Yeah. That, that, that, that'll tell you exactly what a person is.


That's tell who. And Aaron Rogers has 499 career touchdowns, suddenly 500 in luck. And certain things, he's gonna be interesting to see. Does he play, does he start next week? Does he play next week? Right? It's being reported that Garrett Wilson will reportedly request a trade if Rogers comes back as quarterback. The ocho I remember having a conversation with you this off season. Yes, sir. That when they were in training camp. Yeah. And he kept talking to Roger. I said, Ocho, that's not a good sign. Right. You said, oh, oh, oh, you this just the preseason. I said, Ocho, I'm telling you, he keep talking. Right. You, you know, and, And I don't blame him.


Y'all keep telling me. All I know is that when I had a lesser quarterback, I was offensive rookie of the year. Yeah. You were putting up the numbers. Now he, and I'm not, I'm not saying he's not being, being utilized the right way, but I know what he can do. I know what he can do. Yeah. There's nothing, there's nothing wrong with him. There's nothing wrong with him. But the quarterback play has been abysmal. And we've seen Aaron rods before, be able to facilitate the ball and be able to dish it and deliver it to multiple players at a time, because he did it for a very long time in Green Bay. Maybe he's just not the same quarterback we're used to seeing, because there's no reason Gary Wilson to be upset. There's no reason Gary Wilson with his talent, with his skill level and what he can contribute to that offense.


There's no reason for this. And his, his time, his young, he's not even in his prime yet. He's being wasted in New York. It's Ted. And, and that's, and that's, look guys, y'all look, Ocho has a little, is a different way. I just call it, like I said, yeah, I don't, I don't have anything personal against anybody. I don't think I'm better than anybody. I don't care what somebody else is doing. I just look at it and said, okay, the guy's playing good. The guy's not playing good. And let me try to tell, explain to you why he's not playing good or why he is playing good. Right. And so that's why I just don't look at touchdown, interception sack, blah, blah, blah. I'm trying to look at how it came. I'm trying to look at how it came to be. That's why we were able to look at the play and say, oh, that interception that y'all, y'all blame it on Russ?


No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That wasn't Russ, that was Pickens. Right. He quit on the route. And so once he quit on the route, the safety said, why the hell am I gonna get Why? But there's not a threat. Why? Right. The danger is screaming up the seam. Here, let me just cheat this here. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Russ. I appreciate that. And everybody like, Russ, how could you throw that? Had the say, had Pickens not quit on that route and he stayed wide, that means Reed would've had to stay wide. Right. And that means Fry Mo would've got over the top of it because he picked it. You have to understand everything ties together. Ocho you, we are talking about from a standpoint of running routes, we know how things tie together. Right? Front side, we got a, maybe the front side, we got a dagger.


Right? Hoping that's safe to get nosy that we got the post on the backside on the top. Yeah. That's what they did with the Dino route. The Broncos ran the dino, the male Marvin Mims Jr. Marvin Mims. Yeah. The first Is already outside. So I'm gonna get 'em a little further. Now. I'm gonna head back to the post safe. They ain paying attention on the backside. Now I'm, I'm pa I'm pasture you. Right. So in offense, things tie together it's com it's almost like, you know, rice and gravy. Right. You know, so, but, you know, cornbread and this, or potatoes and that, they go together, right? And so you trying to say, okay, this went together. But guys, at some point in time, even, even, even our favorite players are not what they once were.


And they can't do it as, and that's the one thing is that you learn is that you can't do it consistently. Right. You could have a game or two, but Aaron Rod used to throw 300, 2 50. Aaron Rogers turned, hold on. How many interceptions did he the man got? He probably got three seasons in 20 years in which he's had double digit interceptions. Roger was throwing 45 touchdowns with six picks. Yeah. 40 touchdowns with four picks routinely. Yeah. That's What I'm not sure. He has a hundred interceptions total. Yeah. Does he have a hundred interceptions total? Dude, that, that's when I, that's when I told you the other night, I saw the graphic come up. I saw the graphic come up and I'm looking, I thought, I'm like, man, what in the hell If he does, he might not have but 102.


He has the greatest touchdown to interception ratio in NFL history. Oh yeah. So he has 499 touchdowns, 113 picks, which is crazy. Yeah. That's, that's, That's crazy ocho Yeah. And, and that's why he's afforded opportunities. Huh? That's why he's giving grace to the quarterback because of that. What people understanding and you know, they gonna use that as a crutch over and over and over. He's gonna get another opportunity to play. If, I don't know if it's gonna be New York, I don't know if it's gonna be in New York, knowing Aaron Robinson the way he is and the way he operates, he gonna want to come back.


But here's the thing, Ocho, he gonna wanna come back. Ocho, as you get older, you don't get to make the decisions. Yeah. Think about it. Tom Brady didn't get to write his ending. Yeah. Peyton Manning didn't get to write his ending. Montana didn't get to write his emett ending. Emmett Smith didn't get to write his ending. There are not very many guys, because once you get older, you don't get to write the ending that you want. But we got a small problem. We got a small, we that just have a very small problem. What's that? Aaron Rogers might not be able to write the ending, right? Yeah. But they can't close the page on that chapter because they don't have nobody to open the new book.


Yeah, they do. Ooh, Why wouldn't you go back to Sam Donald? Ooh, I like where you're going. I like you. See, you know what I like, I like did Ocho. Yes. A lot. Sometimes, sometimes even in a relationship, the individual, the female or the male can be paralyzed because they're so afraid that somebody might not out there. What am I gonna do? Yeah. I know he don't pay for, I know he beat on me. I know she cheat on me. I know this, but I am I gonna be able to find somebody else? Mm. You get paralyzed by that because you overthink said situation. Yes, sir. I refuse to be in a situation like that.


Come on now. I refuse to. I am not going to let you hold me hostage because I don't see it right now. Something on the other side. Come on, pastor. Because the jets cannot see. Right. Well, who's the quarterback right now that we could definitively say? Are you saying that there's somebody out there that could be worse? I mean, are you telling me, you me, to tell me you can't find somebody out there that can go five and 11, I mean five and 12. That can go six and 10. Yeah. That can go seven and seven and what, nine and eight right There. You, they, you, you got to be kidding me. Yeah. Yeah. There are not no quarterback. Chad, tell me if I'm wrong.


Do y'all believe that there's another, there's not another quarterback out there that can do what Rogers did this year. Now, if you tell me you gonna gimme 20 20, 20 21 Rogers, I say, Hey, bring his ass back. Yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Without, in a, in a heartbeat. Without, without. But that guy, Ocho, that guy, you would be in the playoffs, but he's not that guy anymore. Right. It's like the old, the old actors, actresses. Where's my closeup, Mr. Dil? There is no closeup. Right? I mean, that's, that's it's, Oh, Joe, check this out. Yes, sir. Saul Gardner posted a warning on ig, the other player still away from the Jets on t Higgins Post.


Put me in. Coach Gardner says, pay that man sa tell him to come to the Jets SA Gardner. I will not be telling him that. SA Gardner on if today's loss was embarrassing. Embarrassing. I don't even know if that's the word you're telling me now is 40. Oh, if you ask me, if you ask me, that means the end of the season, obviously we're not going to the playoffs. Some people might have checked out. Mm. Hey, I like it. It's okay. To be honest, it's okay to voice your frustration.


It's okay to say how you feel without being pc. You know, it shows people that you care. It shows that it, it shows him that you can, it's okay. And I think more players need to do it. I think more players need to do it. He ain't throw nobody under the bus. He ain't called no name. Oh, no. No. All he saying, maybe some people buy a check. I've been in situations before. Ocho, we not going to the playoffs. Yeah. Hey, nobody trying to, Hey guy's. Going through the motion because they don't want to get hurt. I ain't trying to have no surgery in the off season. Hey, I want to train. I ain't trying to rehab. Right. I need these first couple of months. I wanna go to Jamaica. I wanna go to Cancun or wherever I'm going. I ain't really trying to do no rehab. Right. I ain't trying to be here in Denver.


I ain't trying to be here. No, that ain't, that ain't gonna fly with me all. He says, Hey, because I think it was a close game the first time they played. I think they lost 23 to 20. Yeah. So you be to tell me, we come back six weeks later and this team got us down 30 plus to nothing. 40 to nothing. Oh hell no. Dang. Hmm. The Volume.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and Holiday Ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer Dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs meyers.com now.