
This is an iHeart podcast.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM, let's create


Looking for excitement. Jumbo Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the cmba life at cmba casino com. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush s sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


The volume. Let, let's stay with the Bengals. Right. Did you see the video when Jamar Chase was on the airplane? Yeah, man, I started a video. Yeah. Yeah. I did. You as, when you were a player, did you sign every autograph request or there was time when you were like, nah, no, I didn't sign every autograph request, you're mean. No, no, no, no. I'm actually, I'm actually very, very nice when it comes to, to that.


I do sign most autograph requests depending on where I'm at, what I'm doing and how they approach me. Okay. We got Keeley, Ringo. So they can bring you in. He can hear the rest of this. But go ahead. Go ahead. We, we gonna get to Keeley in a minute. So if I'm eating and they say, I don't mean to interrupt you, but can, and you get that all the time, I be messing with him. I don't why you interrupt me. Right? So I say, listen, if you don't mean to interrupt me, why you interrupt me? Well, I said, listen, tell me the truth and I'll sign it. You interrupted me.


'cause you don't know if you go get an opportunity to send me again. And you was just taking your shot. Yeah, that was it. I'm like, all right here. I signed the autograph and keep, I'm not gonna lie, man, I signed, I can't, I can't recall ever telling somebody no. And I'm gonna tell you why. And then Keely, listen to what we talking about. We talk about telling people. No. First off, welcome to the show, bro. Appreciate you, man. Appreciate you guys for having me, man. You guys, we talking about fans coming up asking for our grass, and do you tell 'em? No. So I'll never forget this, bro. So my rookie year, we all go to the mall. It was myself, it was Chad Peter Warwick.


And if anybody that's listening, Peter Warwick, at, at least in my opinion, Peter Warwick is the best college football player I ever seen. Unbelievable Florida State. That boy, oh my god, that boy was so cold, Ryan. It was a bunch of young dudes. We at the mall. And so we go to the mall in Cincinnati and we just mobbing through it and fans start coming up, right? And they asked for, we called him Dub p dub, they started, everybody want dub autograph. Me and Chad just chilling, bro. Like, ain't nobody asking for our autograph. And it was just like, wow. And so you see that and you like, bro, I cannot wait till I get in that position where they asked for my autograph because nobody wanted me And Chad's autograph.


I don't think we signed shit. So when, when it got to that point, because as, as a young player, you want that, you want that recognition. And so then when that recognition came, I couldn't bring myself to say no to anybody. 'cause I always went back to that day when I wish I was in that position. And now that you're finally in that position, why would you tell a kid no? Now there's the autograph secrets. Like I'll even put the autograph people the autograph because that's somebody trying to get an autograph. I'm actually give 'em an autograph, but I'll give him a different autograph.


There you go. Yeah. But now I'm, I might sign one or two things, then I'm gonna say, come on bro, how many goddamn things you gonna have me sign? Come on. All right, tj, my bad. But I'm always saying yes because of that incident. I'll never forget that I'm, I'm always saying no, if I'm doing something with my kids or I eating and I follow my wife and I with my kids, I'll do it because no, if I'm watching my kids play, I'm sorry. I'm doing any autographs. Right. I, I'll do it, but I, and they not, they not gonna question you. 'cause you mean, and I'm, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm just not doing any autographs right now. I'll, I'll, I'll catch you. Let me, let me bring you in. Keli. You, you young, you really young.


What's your take on what we just talked about? Man, I would say it comes on to respect. You never really understand of how much of an impact you have. Be a big fan for sure. You know, so, so when I go down to respecting, I will, it goes back to what James is saying. If I'm with my family, like I feel like you need to be more understandable with, You know, man, I'm not really on that right now. Respectfully, You know, man, but really understanding that that just a small thing as a signature can, can really brighten up somebody's day. But man, when it's respecting, when somebody gets really pushy, You know, and it's kind of like, man, I I just want you to respect me just as much.


I appreciate you as being a fan. So that's the best way I can explain. Alright, so you obviously, you, you get, for the fans that don't know, the people that's tuned in DB for the Philadelphia Eagles went to University of Georgia from Las Vegas, correct? That's Where I, I'm actually from Tacoma, Washington, like 20 minutes from Seattle. I went to high school. School in Arizona? Yeah. Oh, you from, you from from the hood, Tacoma. Everybody, I mean from Tacoma, they let me know like Tacoma ain't nothing to play with. Yeah, I know you from Tacoma. If You from around I'm northwest, You know, You know a little So you from around the northwest? Yeah. Everybody that I know that's from Tacoma, they, well, they, they Tacoma the slums.


Man, man, man, when you don't want, okay, so you go to University of Georgia, have a great career, and, and then you come out and I'm at the combine. When you're there, you're probably not gonna remember this. You run fast. Were you disappointed in the way the draft process played out? The best thing I could say is, man, like the, the entire draft process, it's really tiring, man. It definitely makes you understand that man. Like, like this is what I've been working for my entire life. I would say that, I wouldn't say necessarily more of a disappointment, but man, just really humbling for sure. You know? 'cause man, your entire life, you've been one of those guys, You know what I mean?


Man, no matter you're getting the ball all the time, whether you're on offense, defense making plays all the time and things like that, man. So when you're, and investing in you and putting in their time and energy into, You know, and it's like, man, like when I say it's humbling, it's, I'm critiquing myself to a specific point to where man, I am valuable. I know who I am, X, Y, and Z. You know? So I definitely wouldn't say where you get drafted or anything like that defines who you are. You know what I mean? No matter if man, you go first round, second round, third round man going into the league, it's, it's a whole new world, You know? So man, just whether you're in a point to where you feel like you need to pull yourself or just continue to stay where your feet at, man, you always had to figure out a way to get better, man.


Just continue to keep that mindset, man, I'm hungry, You know, I wanna continue to work. So man, yeah, I can definitely say something for sure. Let, let, let's talk about this. Let me ask you about this. So your mother was diagnosed with breast cancer and she beat it. She was declared cancer free February of 2022. So you start a foundation, the Ringo Family Foundation to raise awareness about breast cancer. First off prayers for your family that, that your mama was able to beat, that your mother was able to beat it. And, and so what are you doing now? How the fundraisers, the, just giving back, because you were impacted by that and obviously your mother, it was very, very close to possibly losing her.


So how has that impacted you and how are you giving back to the community now? Yes sir. I appreciate you personally, I wanna say is God bless you and your family as well. I appreciate you, man. One my things just continue to focus on with me on my mother and just her message overall is, and nobody's safe Denial with really understanding of how, how important it's to get screening, You know, no matter what age you are, You know, we're kind of biased in that situation. And I remember going before, right before I went to college, my mother felt a little ball above her breast, You know, and we were feeling it and we were trying to see exactly what it is without obviously getting any testing first beforehand. And then it was right, it was right after I went to college, she had got diagnosed and I could definitely say one of the main things I say is that anything that she's going through, there's no comparison, no anything I go through, there's no comparison to anything my mom's going through, You know?


So she's, she's a grapevine for me. You know, she's set down a platform for me to continue to grow through that, You know, so I just wanna shine light on that and just continue to understand that breast cancer, it, it, it doesn't discriminate in, in any type of way, no matter how old you are. And, and you are as a person, Man, you've been blessed, bro. I'm, I'm like kind of looking at your story, bro, from a, you just a winner appreciate You, man. Like It's a love, bro. You, you at the University of Georgia, two national championships, you get trapped to the Eagles. We in the playoffs, we winning Super Bowls, You know, nothing but winning like, I mean every team and organization you've played with has had so much success.


Darius Slay now is in the same state, different team now with the Steelers. How are you looking to make an impact? Because now space and room has opened up in that secondary, what, what are you looking to accomplish this year? Man, one of the big things I say of me spending my time in the league, man, honestly, it's about opportunities continue to grow. You know, of course everybody wants to improve on themselves, You know, but when the opportunity comes for you, you'll be able to grow, You know, change your role no matter what it is, You know, 'cause everybody has personal goals and things like that. And just be able to help their team no matter what, no matter what way they can man. But just the best thing I, I say to myself, I continue to grow, man, is just man, seize your moment whenever the opportunity does come, You know? 'cause you never know when it's gonna come back, mean.


So, man, that's, that, that's the best thing I can say guys. Like, like slay man. He paved the way and I, I definitely know what it looks like, You know? So man, just having that blueprint for sure, that has definitely helped me a lot. And having a leader like that around me, Yo man, you got any big plans for tomorrow? I know it's your birthday coming up. You got anything planned? Man, Right now I'm, I'm back in Arizona where I went to high school at, man, just kicking on my friends, spending time with family. Glad, honestly. Yeah. Scottsdale. Oh y'all right next, next to each other. Pull up. Okay, go ahead. For, yeah, I'm a good game for sure. Real. Most Definitely. Most definitely. Yeah. You know what you need to do. So Keely, before you came on, we was talking about working out 'cause it, I don't know if you really know James, he, he a workout warrior.


He trying to yesterday. That's James Harrison for Sure. Yeah. Go, go work. You working out tomorrow on your birthday? Yeah. Yeah. Where you training at? Right now It's a, it is a place called called Elite U in, in North Scottsdale. I used to work out there throughout my, throughout my high school career, You know, so just it felt like home over there for me, man, field work, all that, You know, Hey, go, go, go train with James tomorrow. 'cause he act like his workouts are so hard, like nobody can do 'em. Like you just going, I didn't, I didn't say nobody can do 'em. He's going do a DB workout. He's a db. So he's going to get every, every workout that that is done is, is tailored specifically to that person their needs, wants, desires, and whatever their deficient is.


So you come in, you get your whole body tested from top to bottom, do muscle testing to see where you weak at. You gotta make sure that you have no, no more than, I wanna say it's five or something percent difference between say your quad and your hamstrings. Why? Because you get a guy that's, that's quad dominant, that's the dudes that end up pulling they hamstrings. You get a dude that's hamstring dominant, that's the dude that pull they quad. Are you gonna be in Arizona? The rest of the tell training camp? Me? No sir. I actually, I'm leaving actually Monday. I'm gonna to Seattle. Well, we'll Tacoma to train a little bit more man, but shoot, a couple of my DB trainers said they're gonna come out to Arizona. So I might escape for a weekend or two before. I might gotta go back to Philly. Okay, well I was trying, You know, here with DB position too, We can lock up with them too.


Yeah, most definitely. Tap things. Never get enough work, You know, that, You know, we always trying to prove no matter what it is, no matter what time, You know, different brains, different details, different ideas, things like that. Yeah, Yeah. And in your short time, in your short time in the league, who are the toughest receivers you've had to cover? Ooh, Ooh, game man. I would say a James Smitty every single day, man. One of the top duals in the league, man. I would say James Williams is pretty tough for sure. I got him more in college as well, man. But man, just speed, ch change it.


Change your pace, man. Like, You know, most of it's just chest man. Just man, trust your technique. Receiver's showing you illusions, things like that. Making you second guess your leverage, You know, man, just so many different ins and outs of the game, tj, You know, how it feels to be out there overall, man, just man, I prepare myself better than you, You know what I mean? And in where I were just playing, You know? So that's the best way to explain it. Real, real. What corners have you watched film on? 'cause that's what I used to do every off season I'd go to the video guys and You know, we, I'm old so they couldn't download it to us, but they had to make a DVD for us, right?


So I'd go to the computer guys, the video guys and say, Hey, every ball thrown to Reggie Wayne, every ball thrown to Steve Smith, every ball thrown to this, send it to me, Larry Fish drilled, I'm gonna watch it and see what I can pick up. What DBS have you learned from? And, and just took little things from their game to add to yours. One of the main ones is Tain, actually our DB coach now, Christian Parker, he was with Patrick C with the Broncos man. Just fundamentally sound the, the best way gets, of course God blessed Steve to player the year, previous year, You know, man, just, of course a lot of the guys big as strong, tall man, just technique things, You know, the best way possible.


I feel like when you're able to put those things together, You know, knowledge in the game. Derrick's Stanley, another guy that I, I watched a good amount. Christian Gonzalez came out with me, my class, big player, locked down corner himself as well. You know, just man, just continue to roll my game, You know, as we talked about before, having different mindsets, different details, things like that can continue to help you grow, You know? So yeah, that's gonna be things for me. You, you talked about earlier, like, man, the NFL, everybody's good. You gotta do this, you gotta do that. Did you, did you play a lot of special teams in Georgia? I played a good amount. My, my role got a little bit bigger. Really early line. Yeah, because you, yeah, And, and so, 'cause I I say that because you, the type of player, like coaches love it because when you highly touted coming outta college, we ain't playing no special teams.


If I'm playing special teams, I'm returning the kick or I'm returning punt, Man. So you do anything to help the team. They make you a gunner and you like, all right, I'm gonna be the best gunner you making a pro bowl as a gunner. And, and so to me that shows all buy-in. Is that something that has always been in you or it is something you learned because you went to an organization and a team that was winning so much was like, okay, I'm not getting on the field much on defense, but I'm gonna make an impact on special teams. Yeah, man, just, just like you said it, a lot of different teams that I, that, that we've been on is man from, from even high school, college to, to the league man, just buy into the rule no matter what that is, man, of course to perfect my craft.


Whether it's corner special teams, overall man, but personally, You know, what, what each and every single individual wants and what's under what's understood doesn't really need to be explained man. Just continue to grow man. And whenever I get my opportunity, You know, I'm gonna make the most of it. No, no matter if it's special teams on the field see me one, CCB, two, no matter what it is, You know? So just continue to man, put myself in the best foot forward, You know, continue to show my preparation, continue to grow as a man overall, man. So that's why I really love football man. Just teaching so much about life lessons, man. It's just, yeah, it's huge. Well man, we appreciate you joining us. How old you gonna be tomorrow? 23. So tell, tell, tell the listeners so happy 23rd birthday tomorrow.


Tell the listeners y'all wishing your birthday on Instagram, on Twitter. Let 'em know. Send what's your tag. Let 'em know On Instagram at kee, Ringo, K-E-L-E-E-R-I-N-G-O on Twitter, same thing, Which is snap joke around. So yeah man, we appreciate you joining us man. And again, y'all check out the Ringo Family Foundation. It raises awareness, provides education about triple negative breast cancer. They established that 2023 man, once again, happy for you, your family, your mother beat that, wish you nothing but success this season, bro.


Thank you man. Appreciate you guys. It's a blessing to be on here. Thank you guys. Take care man. Appreciate you man. Thank you. Thank you.


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM, where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Bissell, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know, how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent, a resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help and employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka, good stuff, no flash, no gimmicks, smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real care attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime, lot of ice refreshing, easy summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games a perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hey, It's Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. Now I was looking for fun ways to tell you that mint's offer of unlimited premium wireless for $15 a month is back. So I thought it would be fun if we made $15 bills, but it turns out that's very illegal. So there goes my big idea for the commercial. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees, extra se@mobile.com.


Hey James, I got a question for you, man, you gonna laugh at this? Do you watch a lot of tv? Not really. Okay, well I do. And see, I so then I need some of the producers to get in on this conversation right quick. This only gonna be like a three minute conversation. If y'all can kind of like just listen and say stuff, please do. Because then that's, I'm, I'm gonna feel like I'm by myself, man. So check this out, right? So I got, y'all know I got three daughters, two daughters. They, they grown and so they got me to watching this show. I watched it last year and then I'm watching it again this year. It's called Love Island. You ever, you ain't ever seen that? No, man, I ain't watching that. Man.


Stop. Hold on. Say expect you. Nah, you gotta watch that. No, the other day I done seen this season like probably like five episodes of Love Island. So I kind of got into it, right? Last year I was watching the UK version got into that. And so just the other day, 'cause we behind, I think we like behind two episodes. We tbo everything, right? I'm just saying this, but anybody in here that's associated with Love Island, man, y'all better bring Jeremiah back. If y'all don't bring Jeremiah back on Love Island. I ain't watching it no more. Nobody here to watch Love Island. Y'all better bring me back.


They just told you it ain't happening. It ain't happening. Hey Jacob, get back on Jacob. What you say? Oh, so you watch it too, but why would they put Jeremiah off? He the be he was the best contestant on the, I mean the best person on the show. A ace, a hater bro. Why ain't stream like that? See, we, we talk What? I don't, what's I talking about man? Watch level on Spectrum. That's my, listen, they got like 2, 2, 3 seasons of that. You gotta watch that one Love on the Spectrum. Watch that one. Love on the Spectrum. Hey Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, I know you're not on the show, bro. I I I may be wrong for doing this, but like, so when he doing podcasts they Think you can't go back on the show.


Oh man, I can't believe they got him out. Y'all tripping. Y'all tripping. Love Island. Y'all tripping because y'all gonna lose a viewer now. 'cause I ain't watching. If he don't come back, I'm gonna give him three episodes. They don't care about Look to you. I ain't watching. They no kidding. But they only got you because your daughters is watching. They, but I can't, I can't be the only one that think this. I don't, I just started watching last year. I can be the, like my daughters love that show. I cannot be the only one that think like why they get rid of Jeremiah. I cannot be the only one. I can't, I can't, I can't. I just, I can't believe myself to watch that one. I just can't. I know I shouldn't even be talking about that. But I just got, yeah, I bring that up. Like they tripping.


They got rid of the best person on the show. Like, I'm like, what are they doing? What are they doing? Okay, enough about Love Island. That's It's pretty good though. It's a good show. I ain't gonna lie to you. It really is a good show. So now we gonna get back to, I wanna talk about this man, the Henry Rugg situation. I don't know if you've kept up, I didn't keep up with it. I understood what yeah, I, I know what happened and You know, so I believe it was about a week or two ago he did an interview because they, they relocated him and he did an interview and he said he thinks about it every day, every night.


One of his, his biggest regret of his life is the tragic incident where the young lady lost her life. If he could change it, obviously he would, if he can go back and change things, he would, he wants their family to know he's truly, truly remorseful for what he caused. And then he goes on to say his goal is to hopefully play the National Football League again. Do you believe we'll see Henry Rugs in the NFL uniform? I can't, I can't say yes or no to that because I'm not the person in position to actually make that decision.


I can give my, how I would feel if I was him. Yeah, I would love to have the opportunity to, You know, to to to come back and, and be back where, You know, I was and, and and, but again, I put myself in the position of the, You know, the family and my, my, You know, my daughter would never get an opportunity to get another chance. You know, so it wouldn't matter to you the, because You know, he says I would really like the family to meet the real Henry rugs.


Like that's not me. And even the guys that he played with, like Devonte Smith who's really close with Henry Rugs is like, that's just not him. Like that. That shocked me. Him doing what he did. And he's eligible for parole next August. So August of 2026, still be, he'll probably be 27 years old I believe. And his athletic prime, the only case that I believe comes close to this and it's is Vic, Mike Vick went to prison for a couple years for the incident with the animals, with the dogs.


It was like somebody named Little or something. Who? Little Leonard last name? Yeah. What's that one? Yeah, Leonard Little. No, little, little. He killed somebody. He killed someone in his car. But he didn't, he wasn't away from the game that long. I'm talking like went to prison. Vic went to prison. Henry Rugs is in prison and it would be around the same amount of same length of time that they served prison time and, and so, and then to come back and play, yes, Leonard Little did take someone's life, but he didn't serve prison time. So Henry Rugg served prison time. Michael Bick served prison time.


It would be interesting to see, I I I hope he gets, gets another opportunity. Life is about second chances. He seems very remorseful. But it's what you said, everybody. Look, listen, I, I, You know, like I said, I'm, I'm not saying this is him, but everybody's remorseful. After you get caught, everybody's remorseful. I don't know about that. You don't seem, you get caught, they don't care. Right. But I'm saying you didn't purposely do this. It is not something you went out purposely do. I'm not gonna be remorseful if I go and take the life of somebody that did something to me or that's very true. Family members. Yes. I'm not gonna be remorseful for that. That's very true. But if I go out and do something because I decided to make a immature decision and, and, and go and do something that, You know, ended up causing me to take someone's life, yes, I'm gonna be very remorseful.


Now I wouldn't be remorseful. If I got through with that and I made it home, it would've been, hey man, I was balling out, I was driving fast and I made it home. I got lucky. Now it ends up being that you take the life, not your remorseful, which you should be. But You know, I, like I said, I play six in one hand, half a dozen the other, if I'm him, yes I want another chance. You know what I'm saying? I'm sorry for this happening. You know, I want to get the opportunity to, You know, to, to show you and, and and all that. But at the same time, if I'm the parents over here, if I'm the sister and brothers over here, like where's my daughter's second chance, where's my sister's second chance.


Your second chance will be, you'll get an opportunity to come out and live life. You don't get an opportunity now to go and play this game that it's a privilege, not a right. I believe, I believe he'll get another opportunity. And I and as long as you're remorseful, I believe he deserves it. Like we all make mistakes. Yep. We, we all make mistakes. But I, I get, I get your viewpoint is you took someone's life, they will never see their loved one again. Whereas he can continue on with life. But they do say the first time you get caught or the first time you had an accident, it's not the first time you've done it, it's the first time you got caught with it. The first time you got caught.


So it sucks for her family. It it really does that they had to go through that and, and so hopefully, hopefully he's able to get an opportunity and I do believe he will. I do. 'cause he seems very rem remorseful. Very remorseful. But as you said, that's not bringing my child back. Yeah. Like I said, if it's me, yeah. I want another opportunity. If I'm the parents, your opportunity will be, you'll get a chance to come outta jail and, and, and live a normal life, You know? Yeah. Interesting to see in about Yes. Probably 13 months, 13, 14 months time when he is eligible for parole.


If one he's granted parole and two what transpires. Once that's after, listen. So once that comes now You know, they're gonna get the opportunity to be in there and, and talk. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Her family I'm sure will have a voice and the words that they speak and say yes will be impactful. It will carry weight. Whether it helps him or hurts him. Yeah, I'm sure of that. We'll see I wish, like I said, prayers for the family man Henry Rugs has gotta stay strong, stay with the Lord and, and hope Yes.


That that opportunity is give it to him. And I and I hope he gets it. We all make mistakes. 'cause I, I done some things and I was younger. Lord knows I just ain't get in trouble for it. I ain't get caught. Yeah. I didn't get caught. Yeah. I ain't get caught like Yeah. So some guys get Yeah, yeah, let's go, let's go to, did you see what Brady, Brady says? He believes Patrick Mahomes can surpass him as a goat. Do you think that's possible? Go go to the quarterbacks championship 'cause it's gonna come down to come down to championships. And Patrick Mahomes what he got now he got, now I love this, I love this conversation.


How he got now he three got like eight things, don't he? Tom Brady got seven. Tom Brady got seven championships. I'm sorry man, you gotta put together. Ooh that's a lot. That's you say though. Pat, Patty probably got about, he got about 10 more years left any easily, Tim. Yeah but, but 10 years left. But does this cast the rounding that 10, that's the key. They just, they gotta continue. They gotta continue to surround again, You know how harder it is to get Yeah.


And I range your pieces, You know what I'm saying? It's a lot harder to get it back to me. What's really keeping them in the, in the title picture is Chris Jones. Chris Jones probably has three, three dominant years left I'm gonna say. And then after that they're gonna have to find another dominant defensive lineman because I, without Chris Jones, they in trouble without somebody that can really get after the quarterback and they in trouble. 'cause offensively the last couple years bro, they just been okay. They've been okay. They just make timely plays because of the Holmes defense carried them.


Yeah. So Kevin Mahome win five Super Bowls in the next eight to 12 years. I say no five in the next eight, nah eight to 12. We'll see you got, you got food over there and all that other stuff. So I even, let's just, we we, we assume Lamar gonna get at least one right? I don't know if they, they they seem to get into the playoffs and things unraveled a little bit. Hey man you Lamar gonna get for sure one Josh Allen going to get one. I just don't want him to get one 'cause he weight. I know that's why you said that.


I knew that when you started hesitate. Now I said off on that. This dude saying that 'cause he was Baltimore. I knew that. I knew that. I just ain't wanna say it. I'm glad you said it. Same thing to Cincinnati. I don't wanna see Joe Burrow get one just 'cause he think Lamar gonna get one. We think Josh Allen gonna get one. CJ Raub may get one. Joe Burrow gonna get one. Ja Daniel's going get one within that time, within that eight to 12 year timeframe. And so I'm not so sure Justin Herbert probably gonna get one As long as Harbaugh is his coach as long as Harbaugh his coach.


Yeah. And then let's not do, I'm a big fan bro of Ben Johnson. 'cause he resurrected Jared Goff's career in Chicago. Chicago in Detroit. I'm sorry about to say you there Ed his career. Okay. And so if Caleb Williams is what everybody thinks he was going to be when he got drafted in the next eight to 12 years, he going get one And where, because Johnson is proven and where in Chicago they gotta do a lot of changing around there. They done a lot of changing. They, they still gotta do a lot more. You got three really good receivers.


You got two good running backs. You got two first round Titan Col come commit was the second round Titan and you draft coach Lovelin the first round this year. They fortified the offensive line. They had a top 10 defense last year. So they they got pieces, they got guys. Yeah. What they were lacking was quarterback and the play car head coach. They have that also. It's all gonna come down to can Caleb Williams develop? So does Patrick Mahomes have the potential to surpassing? Yeah, Willie, I say no, that's a lot, man. That's a, that's a lot to and it is just, I think they were hot.


Hot and once you started cooling off, I it's man yeah, I'm gonna have to go with you. I'm gonna say no. Yeah, that that, that right there is tough. Yeah, I can't see. It's too many, it's too many good teams. More in the mix. Eight to 12 is like really, like what's, what's his contract? Didn't he sign a contract already? Like for 10? For 500 something. He ain't worried about that. He gonna get a, he gonna get another contract after that 10 years. 500. He ain't gonna be another, they gonna get another 10.


Nah, they ain't gonna give you 10. They probably gonna give about three or four. Right. But he, I just don't, it's just so many good teams, good young quarterbacks. We didn't, we ain't even bring up like the rounds, they're really good. Again. The Niners, they gonna be solid. Like it's so many good teams. These young quarterbacks keep coming into the league. It's going to be interesting. But I, I just, I don't know if we'll ever see a quarterback do what Brady did in New England. Again, I I just don't think we'll see it. Dude, they did like 12, what was it, 12 straight or something? 12. It was something goofy. I mean Brady is just that good of a player man.


And I, I would say this time and time and time in time and time and time again like give me the best gameplay in the world. Is it really the best game plan if I can execute it? 'cause You know, everybody was like, who gets the most credit? Bill Belichick or Tom Brady? Bill Belichick. You can design and craft up the best game plan in the world. The players on execute it. Is it really the best game plan Brady was the engine. Yeah. He pulled before a lot of, a lot of things that they lack, You know what I'm saying? As far as You know, real, You know, top caliber, You know, players on the offense.


You know, I could have, You know, sometimes I could have blocked on that offense line. I know he go get the ball off and, and 1.7 seconds I can put my hand on you and that's enough to, You know, stop you from getting there. There was times where I, and in the year, the year he had top talent on offense. Look what they did. They went undefeated. Although they lose in the Super Bowl. Yeah. But he went crazy set all kind of records. Him and Moss West lost in the Super Bowl. But you give him the top talent, that's what he gonna do. He goes to Tampa Bay. If you give him top talent first year I'm winning the Super Bowl. And so, and it kind of made Belichick, at least in mine, made him look bad because with Brady, you the greatest coach ever without Tom Brady?


I don't know. I think, I think he had a, he I think he had a great line for coaching. You played for him. Yeah. So you would know more than I did. Yes. I do believe that he put his players, I believe that he has the ability to adjust his players to fit the skill that they're best at playing on the field. So, You know, they did a lot of different defensive personnels and the reason they did that is like they would switch, like it'd be maybe one or two people that would change. And it would be because okay, maybe this person can play the run better. This person can play this, You know, this past coverage better.


Like he, he actually did adjust his plan to actually fit his players. Where a lot of coaches are like, this is the defense I run, this is what I'm gonna run. I like this player and I'm gonna make him fit into this. And he don't fit into it. And now you start seeing your defense going downhill because you got a player that is not a two gap player, he's a pass rusher and he can't hold up at the line and now he's playing three yards deep and now he's in front of your linebackers. Now your linebackers is looking bad. Now everybody's talking about the D-line and your linebackers because you wouldn't pick somebody for defense that needs to be able to hold up two versus try and rush up field and he's getting, You know, dog mush three yards deep every time.


Basically he's just not gonna have somebody trying to do something that their skillset can't do. Right. And then he can change coaching, then he can change that defense to be like, You know what, this is his skillset. This is what I have to work with. We're gonna change the defense and make it do this.


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Ell, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent, a resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing a certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks, smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth generation in Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice. Bragging rights, a cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


Well, I mean 'cause you, you played with Bill Cower, Mike Tomlin, bill Belichick and who, who was the coach Mar, was it Zach? Tanner? Marvin. Oh, you played with Coach L It was 2013. Oh damn. Yeah. Yeah. It was Coach Lou and, and so Marvin. Yeah, he was kind. Yeah, I lic was the only one that you felt like, okay, you do this well this is gonna be the role. And you felt other coaches would call stuff. No, I felt like other coaches. So in that adjustment is what I'm saying.


So with Coward he drafted his players for the position he wanted play. That's how I felt. We played, You know, we played a three four, we got three four linemen, we got three four lineups. We got what we needed for corners and safeties. With, with Mike, I feel like he got a little more enamored with numbers. Speed, seeing guys that were fast versus drafting a guy that fit a true dick La Bowl three, four defense. You know what I'm saying?


You know a nose that's gonna hold up two, You know, two, two ends that can do both. They can, they, they can defend and run. Like right now it's more of a four three, You know, where before, You know, in dick bow's defense you're dropping 50% of the time you're lucky if you get, You know, maybe five or 10 with PJ Wasmith right now. They're right, they're glowing. So it's not even the same fire zone defense of Dick La Bow's defense that it was, You know, when he was there. You know, it's, it's, it's sort of it's own combination of whatever, You know, it's come up with. And when you do things like that, it kind of leaves gaps in the defense.


You know, you can't defend everything. You know, you go and start doing things like that and you're going to leave, you're gonna say, I wanna protect this. Well you can't protect that. You know, coach Lebo would tell us every defense has one weakness and if they hit that on the defense, that's on me. But if you go and try and protect that weakness that is just in that defense, you end up creating two more. So they get the car, they get the car, it's usually the, You know, secure the tackle. Worst case scenario, they may, they may get 10, 12 yards. That's actually smart though. Like, 'cause you gonna play a lot of like Rex Ryan, he would do that a lot when we would play the Ravens.


We didn't throw the ball to our tight end often. So certain times we just gonna lead this tight, open, tight end open and he probably gonna be last lasting a progression. The quarterback ain't gonna have time to get to him, he gonna be on his back or he gonna throw it at somebody else. And so that's where Lebo is smart because you, we going to play to the strength of our defense, but we going to play to the weakness of their team. They don't throw the ball to this guy. So on this d don't worry about this. If he go here, that's on me. Yep. But don't try to make up for this 'cause now you gonna leave two or three other things open.


Right. But that, that is, that's great coaching. Very interesting. So this, this will be our, this'll be our last topic and, and it's kind of fitting, considering what we talked about earlier. So USA today they say the most pressure, which players are under facing the most pressure heading into this season? You wanna gimme the players or you want me to tell you who USA today says has the most pressure on? Who, who does USA today? Say they say your quarterback. Who? Your quarterback.


Me quarterback You Steel. You say every time you said the Steelers, you said we, we, I ain't no pressures on him for me, I don't think. No pressure's on him. He got one. He got one deal. Alright, so it was Aren Rogers, Justin Fields, JJ McCarthy. I agree with all three of those, but I don't agree with the last one. Michael Pennix Jr. I don't agree with that outta those four. Is he rookie? Actually he's a rookie last year or so. He was a rookie last year. Didn't start they they, yeah. Four cousins and brought him in. I don't think it's a lot of pressure. He could throw that thing when he trained with us coming out. Oh my god, that left-handed.


He could throw that thing any fast. I think it is. Yeah. I I I hate him. But yeah, it, it is pressure on him because you, You know, you wanna, it's one year you really want to go out with a bank. Oh, on your quarterback, right? Yeah, yeah. You talking your quarterback. Yeah, I be trying to fight it and deny it, You know what I'm saying? I'll be, I'll be, I'll be trying to, You know, but Yeah. You know, especially after having the, You know, the time you had in, in New York and, and You know, getting a, getting an opportunity here to at least try and write his own shit. Not even just ours. His own, You know, to so that he can leave on a, on a high note. So yeah, I would put that at Juan 'cause that's where everybody I gonna be anyway.


It's a lot of pressure. It's a lot of pressure because everybody felt he was going to the Steelers but he didn't sign till a few days before mini camp. It's a lot of pressure because you go to the New York Jets, everybody had such high expectations. When you sign with the Jets, you get a hurt immediately into your first season. Your next season, which was last season didn't go well. But many believe you got the coach fired. Many believe you have picked your officer coordinator and, and so there's pressure on you because Mike Tulin has never had a losing season.


It's pressure on you to make sure that stays that way. It's pressure on you. 'cause you've come out and said this is quite possibly your last, my last season playing. And, and so I, I don't feel like there's another player that's gonna have that type of pressure on him. You Aren Rogers, you are Aren Rogers is the most gifted thrower. Well he don't realize he Aren Rogers in Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh is the biggest little high school professional team you could ever go to do. Yeah. Like you are in a bubble.


The history of the franchise though, the Pittsburgh Steelers, when you think championships you think Pittsburgh. You think Pittsburgh At least me. I think Pittsburgh and I mean you was getting that boo on you though. You know the whole y we, we was beating y'all just as much as y'all beat us. Y'all was just, I y'all got sitting in yards. We ain't talking about that. We talking about head to head. We talking about head to head W that's head to head. We was beating y'all as much as y'all beat us. Nah, I'm have to look at Yes, I'm have to look at Yes, yes. Pull that up for me. From what year? My rookie year 2001 and I left the Bengals 2009.


Okay. Yeah. Look, look look. 2001 to 2018 when I retired. Nah, not till you retired. When you played with the Bengals. How'd it go? Who won? What? You remember when you played minor league? What'd you say when you played the Steelers? How they go when you were with the Bengals? The two games y'all played. Oh you won. Huh? You won one. Lost one. Exactly. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Yeah, it's all was like one, one. It may be a sweep here or there but for the most part it's gonna be one and one and it is crazy. We gonna get into some of this tomorrow 'cause I can go on and on and on about when we get ready to play the Steelers.


We gonna tell these stories tomorrow how the coaches used to walk in the meeting. That shit used to piss me off. You know you was playing the big bandwidth. That's how we gonna get into that tomorrow. But yeah, I think JJ McCarthy is under some pressure also. 'cause you let Sam darn go to Seattle who last game of the season was playing for the division and you let him go to play JJ McCarthy and that's unknown JJ McCarthy. It's unknown. And so to me that's pressure. You've never played in the National Football League.


The quarterback you succeeding had a ton of success last season. Although the last game didn't play well in the regular season against believe it was the Rams in the playoffs did not play well in that. So the last two games, Sam Darnell didn't play well. But it has to be pressure considering the type of season that the Vikings had. But man, I think all the pressure is on Aren Rogers, Michael Pennix, no pressure Justin Fields. It's not gonna be much pressure on fields. Bill. It definitely Aren, yeah, Pittsburgh because of one who he is, but two man, the Steelers Who, who the stories are franchise.


Yeah, his story franchise. They, they, they're one of the pillars, foundational franchisees of the National Football League. And so that will be interesting. But yeah, that, that pressure gonna be on Aren Rogers. With that being said, appreciate y'all tuning in another night. Y'all made sure, Hey, hey. 13 to four from 1000, from 2001 to 2008 against the Bengals. Hell no. I'm about to look that up. Look it up. Hell nah. 13 and four. You got play games, You know, 13 times. Hell nah. They ain't no way. I got a Who did you look that up? Or somebody sent it to you?


It got sent to me. Might as well have got sent to me from sports Stats, so, and I don't, I don't, I don't believe that one. I you, You know what, it's go it showing please. Oh my God. That's embarrassing. Yes it is. Hey, we put up our points. Damn. It's such a team game. We, we, we put up our points. I don't know why you thought y'all going half the games. That was like crazy. I'm looking that up. I'm looking that up. Matter of fact, we ain't going nowhere right now. I'm sorry. Y'all bear with me. Could you, could you please, could please send him? Could you please send him up? Nah, I don't need nobody to send me nothing.


Go count it up. I'm about to right now. Yeah, go count it up. Hey listen, I'm sorry about what we did to you. I've been been meaning to tell you it wasn't nothing personal. It was all, it was just, it was big in the nine. Like it's all, it's 71 to 40 y'all time. But like in the nineties and early in my career, it, it was unfair. It was unfair. What you talking unfair now TJ stalking. That was unfair. It sound like one of my kids. That was unfair.


Dad. Ooh. Hey Yeah, listen them numbers tj, you see that? You know how your mind play tricks on you and you start believing things and you see it so much that now the lies that you tell you believe is true. That's where you at, right? Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my god. Positive one. My rookie year one and one 2002, Y won both 2003, split 2004 Y won both 2005 we split and that's it.


That's it. 2006 one and one seven and eight eight. Y'all won both. Wow. Yes. We went in. Listen, we went into there. Boy, we knew he was having something good. Well guess what? That's even worse. I'm about to get y ass kicked both games this year because of that. I'm making sure that, I'm making sure that we play Steelers. I'm going, I'm gonna the game. Damn. We better than y'all though. We gonna beat y'all ass this year. We beat y'all ass this year. We beating y'all ass this year. We don't. I back when you find out he was 13 and four. Hey I'm as so they, they gotta help me get, gonna do something beat 13.


The football. Yeah. Man, damn. I didn't realize it was like that. That's all right. That's all right. Damn. Yeah, see we gotta, when you put your, your, your feet on them, on them on, on that, on that towel, that was like really it. That was the down, that was all the way from there. And then we won that. That was in Pittsburgh too. Damn. Yeah, 34. It just seemed, 'cause the games was close and then we probably just couldn't make a play at the end. Well it is what it is. I'm sorry, y'all prolonged the for that. Yeah. Just to make sure he checked to make sure that they was taking the bus with me. Like I said they was so y'all make sure, like we said, top right corner, you got the link.


He here, he, it's important Mr. James Harrison and what he's doing. Y'all make sure y'all like, y'all subscribe, tell a friend and tell a friend. Text him, call him. Whatever you do. It's the third night of the takeover. It ain't the hijack, it's the takeover of Nightcap Uncle and Chad is TJ and Deebo. We'll see y'all tomorrow. Appreciate it man. Take care. 13 and four. Wow. Hey, that, do your whole night off the volume.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Bubba Wallace here from 2311 racing. Funny thing about being fast, you end up waiting a lot. First to show up first in line, then just waiting me. I rev up Jumbo Casino with over 200 social casino games. No slow lanes here. Why sit around when you can spin. Park your engine. I'm already racing your turn. Play for free. Chumba casino.com. Let's Juba Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Ford, where prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


This is an iHeart podcast.