
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA Champions. Today. The Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Westmore Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Atho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arriva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen To Asho on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures, and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know who I am. I am your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And joining us tonight we have a very special guest to talk all things basketball, all things NBA playoffs. Y'all know him. He's known as the Glove Oregon State alum. He won an Olympic gold medal. He's a defensive player of the year in the NBA and he's one of the 75 greatest players in NBA history. Let's put some Hals together for Mr. Gary Peyton. Gp, thanks for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button.


Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for tuning in. Thank you guys for supporting us. The draft show all the way, all the draft things, and now we're back to the NBA playoffs. Thank you guys for your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Now. If you cannot find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it. We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone.


So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stop goes as follows, Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pending in the chat. Our guest, our guest lineup is looking really good. You guys don't wanna miss it guys, go get your ticket support Nightcap and your favorite uncle and nephew, UNC and ocho. We have a very eventful day. Couple of the games were really close. Interesting. The others. Hmm. First let's start with the beat down that we just witnessed.


The Pacers blew up the bucks 1 29 to 1 0 3 D have the A potential Achilles tear. I don't wanna play. Ah, it didn't look good because when he went down gp, he grabbed the back of that. He grabbed the back of that ankle and we know what that seems to indicate. Hopefully it is not that. Let's keep our fingers crossed. Let's pray for that. But they blow 'em out. 1 29, 1 0 3 the Pacers, eight guys in double figures, AKA 12 points. Knee Smith 14 Turner 23 Nihar 20, Halliburton 17 with 15 assists. Obie Topping had 13, Walker 12 and TJ McConnell had 15 and the bumps only had three guys in double figures, but it wasn't nearly enough.


You could see a lot of the momentum leave the building once Dame Dollar went down without Achilles injury. Gp lemme ask you this. You played, I don't know if you had any severe injuries that was career threatening. What does this mean for Dame? If this is what a lot of people are surmising or suspecting that it might be. Well You know what Shannon? It is like this dam is here from Oakland, California where I'm from. You know what I'm saying? And I grew up with his pops and we got the same agent, You know what I'm saying? And I, and I got the, I got the message for him there. It doesn't look really, really good. You know what I'm saying? Dang, just getting back from what he, his injury that he was from, he only had one gang back.


It doesn't look really, really good. You know what I'm saying? That's my guy, that's my little nephew to me, I don't like it. I just don't like the injury. I think this is not gonna be good for Milwaukee. Milwaukee is not that basketball team that everybody need to see that they can't compete with this young team in Indiana. It's not, it's not, it's not looking good and I don't think it's gonna be looking good. I I think this is gonna be a terrible, terrible news for the Milwaukee Bucks. I'm gonna let you go in just a second. Ocho Yeah. Was this Giannis if young, if they get swept in the first round again, is this Jannis last game in Milwaukee?


Well, I they're not gonna get swept, You know, with Shannon. They, I I mean if they get, I mean get put out, play four one, what I'm gonna think is what's gonna happen Sha, is they're gonna make a retool of everything. You know what I'm saying? They gotta think about everything. They gotta think about how they're gonna get better, what's gonna happen. This team is not the same team. They try to make trades with Middleton and all that. It didn't work. I think they're gonna retool this whole team. I don't even think game's gonna be there next year. You know, I'm gonna be honest with you. You know, it's not something that they've gotta retool about. This team is not the same. If they get, if they get before one dish in this series, I think they're gonna retool everything.


Shannon o Ocho. Go ahead. Hey, listen, we, we, we talk about retooling gp, this is what's gonna happen. Listen, my ears and eyes aren't too Aren as closest to the basketball world as UGP, but I can tell you this, Giannis was already frustrated. Ronni, Giannis was already frustrated being in Milwaukee and, and not winning obviously won a chip already. But the, the addition of of dam dollar was supposed to be that of one that got them over the hump. Now if they have a, if they, if they get swept or a gentleman sweep as we so call it, I think he's gonna be frustrated and probably ask asked to be out with, with Dane, with Dame obviously being hurt, hoping, I'm hoping for the best for him that it's not as, not as bad as, as what it looked like.


I don't think Dame would be there as well. But knowing Giannis, especially with Dame coming off an Achilles injury, if that's what it is, I think he's gonna ask out and, and just, I'm just throw that, I'm gonna just throw this out in the pot. The best place for, for Giannis to go is to go from the Bucks and come on down here to Miami. 'cause we need a superstars. I I just that listen, I just had to throw that at ya. Just so, so, so the football, so the, so the, so the basketball guards can hear that and I can manifest that for us down here at the crib. Yeah. Let me, let me tell you about that. You, I I get it, but You know, know these, these are gonna be big trades, You know what I'm saying? Yes. To get Giannis, you gotta give a lot of people away. Only person that you gonna, You know, they're gonna be asking for a lot from Miami, You know, probably four draft picks players and them players are going to be their top like hero and bam ba what you're trying to say right now, Chad is I get it, I get it.


That that's what you wanna say. But they're gonna have to put one of them dudes in and then when you get away, get rid of a lot of them players, you're gonna come with a lot of other players that you gotta bring along, You know what I'm saying? So who you gonna, you gonna keep, they're gonna try to get rid of ba if that's, that's the case. Yeah. That hero gonna be there and then it's only gonna be Hero and, and and Giannis. So we, we gotta understand that. But it, it, it is gonna be a lot because they're gonna have to make, they're gonna have to give a lot of weight to get that kid. See, I, I understand exactly. We just talking about too. Gimme give gimme a minute. Y'all chat, y'all stay with me real quick. Now, now I sat, I sat down yesterday, I sat down yesterday with Pat Riley and Mick Sson and we, we, we came down with a game plan based on what we wanna do and, and tried to facilitate a way to get the heat back to what we used to be at one time when we had our big three, when we had Bosch, we had D Wade and we, we had LeBron cut.


You all right there? First of all, you learn what? 2 0 6 I got y'all championship baby. It was up. Sorry, that fine. You know I'm saying? Oh yes sir. Sir, listen. Yeah, you right, you right. One thing about it, I'm not gonna forget history. Yeah, I remember history, I remember, I remember history. So what I'm thinking about, I was talking with with Pat yesterday, we sat down, You know we have have a cup of teeth, You know, with picky finger out. And I asked him, I said, listen, we need to do what we need to do. The grizzlies, they got swept. I think we need to make a move for John. We need to make a move for Jar. And I said, listen also, you still have to give up pieces. O Joe, you think people just gonna just take J Oh listen before, listen before you start, before you, before you start a painting, you got a canvas, right?


So the conversation Pat Riley had, it was the Canvas. Now allow us to work now, allow us to paint. We ain't even get to the painting part yet. We gonna figure out a way to get it done. Now we now not only we gonna get Giannis, we gonna find a way to get Ja Morant down here as well. And I think we get the addition of them two, then we build around Ja and Giannis down here Miami and we gonna be fine. But Chad, how you gonna get both of them without giving up everything you got? Listen, we don't, we don't have a problem giving up everything we have because we can build with those two as a future. Okay? No, you can't because here's the thing. See you thinking everybody's gonna make the same mistake that Nico Harrison made giving up Luca basically for an evil swap with Anthony Davis? Well, I, not a lot now y'all gotta understand Nico, my guy, he does, he's a president.


He doesn't own that team for you to give away. Look, but we know who did it. When you give up Luca, you gotta have permission to give up. Luca, I don't care what y'all saying all the way to the top, don't, don't put that on Nico. Everybody trying to put that on Nico, don't do that. He gotta be, have permission to get rid of that guy. You know what I'm saying? Right. And that, that owner, she had to say, yeah, let's do it. Don't, don't give it on him. Oh for sure. Don't put it on him. He had to get permission to get rid of him and it had to be a lot of more reasons to give away Luca. It wasn't just because we trying to make a deal. It's because something else in that situation had to say, I'm ready to get rid of this guy.


I don't want to give this guy $350 million because he's not being that guy in Dallas who he was. And that's what you guys gotta understand. He was doing a lot more things in Dallas for them to get rid of him. You know what I'm saying? And that's what Oh yeah, for sure. It's kind of, it's kind of like, it's kind like Adam Silver's commissioner Roger Goodell is the commissioner and people get mad at them, but they work at the behest of the owners. The owners run the league, right? Adam Silver is just the mouthpiece. Roger Goodell is the mouthpiece. So you have to take all the booing. Don't y'all remember Thursday night you man, they booing the commissioner again. Yep.


Yeah, they can't boot the owners because the owners don't get introduced. So they boot, they boot a commissioner. You are absolutely right. But in a situation like that, think about what Minnesota gave up to get Rudy Gobert. Think about what Phoenix gave up to get Kevin Durant. They're not a whole lot of teams other than the only team that I could think of off the top of my head to have the kind of draft capital and some of the players that a team might be interested in, right? Is OKC. They got 13 first round pick and pick swaps and Jalen Williams, I don't think they want part with Jalen Williams. I really don't. They not getting rid of shape. So don't even call they gonna hang up on you. Nah. And then everything that you say after that is gonna be moot. So it, it's just hard when you trading superstars.


If you're going to talk about Ja and, and, and, and and Giannis, you are gonna have to get like five or six teams involved. G you got to well, well shady, you gonna have to get four teams at least to get Ray two of they stars or some of they stars in a lot of draft picks, You know what I'm saying? So let's talk about, okay C Yep. They not giving away to nobody. They just swept, they just swept the team. So I ain't even tripping off that. Yeah, they young and they gonna be co and they little young point guard about to get the NVP league. I don't know, it's gonna be hard with Joker, but he going, he, I think he gonna win the mvp. This I do too. I agree. It's like this. They're not gonna do anything for these teams to be where they want to be.


They gonna have to give up something and they gonna get up a lot. It's gonna be a lot to give up and we ain't, we not gonna sit here and sugar coat it. It's not gonna happen. They're gonna have to give up a lot of their players and they're gonna have to restart Chad. If Miami give up anybody, they gonna give away their whole team. And I know Pat Riley too, You know I play for him. Yeah, he'll fool around and do that, but he's not gonna give away Hero right now and all them dudes because I, I just, I just can't see it. You can't give away the dudes for a young, young piece and just say, you gotta give me away these guys and say I'm gonna marry Bill with them and eight they own.


Right. They can't do that. You see, they can't do, see this is the thing, this is the thing gp, like I understand you played with Pat, you have a great relationship with Pat, right? And with with great understanding some, this is some of the things that Eric out character for him to do. But right now, pat and Mickey, they're in a different situation. We wanna get back to our winning ways. Can we get back to our winning ways with the, with the squad that we collectively have right now? Now we, we, we, we got some players, we got a good squad, You know, they put on their, they put on their hard hats, they make it, You know, they, they play just well enough to make it to the playoffs. But we don't wanna be, we don't wanna do just well enough like we wanna get back to the upper echelon of coming outta the east and actually challenging contending for NBA championship.


And how do we do that? We have to do something that's outta character similar to what Dallas did. Tell Pat, tell Pat to sit back because here it is gp, You know this your son is in currently in the league. It's a different league now that iron fist and that ruling like I'm dictator that ain't flying with these young cats no more. It ain't all that. Pat Riley, you taking cookies and it's gonna be my way on the highway. Guy says okay, I take the highway, you see LeBron James left because he took cookies, he had a problem with Jimmy Butler. Jimmy Butler left. So you the, so what do you think Giannis is? Giannis is an apex predator. You Think you gonna be table to talk and Giannis like you do Tyler here or ba him listen that they don't know.


You heard what you just said? Huh? You heard what you just said. Listen, people like that have ability to change and understand. Well he hasn't well hasn, huh? He hasn't, no he's not Talk to him. You, you listen, me and Shannon and instead almost in the same era, Chad came, You know you, you a beefer, you like me, you Yes sir, yes sir. Yeah, you mean you York state? But for sure, You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. But right now, this era is a lot different man. They controlling things in this little era, right? And we, we, we gotta accept it. They, they're controlling things. So what's going happen is, is that Pac gonna try to get right.


What? He gotta get that player that's going to be really to do whatever and to get Giannis and to get a Moran, you gonna, you gonna have to pay a lot. Yeah. So think about what happened. Memphis Hot Fire, that coach in the middle of the seats right before playoffs, like four and five oh and five in a scene. And because of whatever happened, whoever did it, whatever happened and it just worked. It didn't work. Now we talking about the same thing. Giannis can go and cry or all he wanna do, but we ain't got a lot of players out there that's gonna get out like that now, You know what I'm saying?


Right? 'cause a lot of these dudes wanna play with each other. So who wanna play with Giannis? Who wanna do that? Who want to take a, a, a, a, a two year, three year deal and say I'm going to Milwaukee. Ain't too many people coming to Milwaukee so they ain't gonna Milwaukee you for somebody. Ain't nobody sign. It ain't So now what, You know where they wanna come is now where can I go Miami. Okay, you come to Miami, but how you gonna give up? You gonna give up all your team and then you gonna have two players and then you gotta fill up 13 more positions. Hey, I give you a prime example. Ocho gp, you and you could, you could attest to this, it's the same thing that happened when Carmelo, Anthony left Denver and went to New York.


They had a nice team if they could have kept that team and got Carmelo. But when they got Carmelo, the nuggets gutted him. And now look what you got. Right? You got a superstar in New York and Carmelo was a superstar but he had nothing. Yeah. And so now, and then you then you went and got a a my boy ai, he was, he was aging, You know what I'm saying? So what you gotta do is what is you going to put with these dudes man, nowadays in this era, you don't wanna gut your whole team. You know what I'm saying? You, we can take Oklahoma City for example. They didn't gut they scene team, they start drafted, drafted, drafted. And now look at it, look at 'em how they are now.


You not going gut training, you're not going gut everybody to do that. And I don't think that's going happen because this team of walks, if they look, I don't know what they going do, but they not going be sit around here and say we going to give six, seven players and four five draft picks for young. It ain't gonna happen. No he not. It ain't happen basketball player for y'all to get rid of y'all team and say okay we gonna build around him and do this, that and that, but we ain't got nothing around me. It ain't gonna work. It ain't gonna work like that. No, when you look at this game, I, when you look at the books outside of Giannis and Dane, they really not that good.


Brooke Lo, Brooke Lopez played 15 minutes tonight. He has six points. He had one rebound, one assist, one steal, one block, four personal foul. Here's a guy that's seven foot tall and I don't think he's ever averaged more than eight rebounds than a season. Let that sink in. He's seven foot tall, he doesn't wanna play with his back. And once upon a time gp, he played with his back to the basket. Now he's a seven foot per perimeter player. That's no good because Giannis needs to need space. So he has to space, he has to stand out there, serves you no purpose. Dame goes down. Now you look at this lineup, Kyle Kuzma. Now everybody complain. Well Kyle Uzman didn't have to get the, he played 16 minutes tonight.


He was one for six O for oh for one from the three, one for two from the free throw line. He had zero rebounds again, one assist, no steals, no blocks, zero turnover, three fouls. Hey doc, that's on you because you say how can you get in the rhythm? Yeah, if you don't shoot the ball, you are the head coach. It is your job to diagram blades to put him in position. That's again, now remember the ocho, the other stat line the other night? Yeah, it was zeros across the board. Oh the board. Yeah. Now at least he made one shot. At least he made one free throw and then he had one re no he had no rebounds. One assist, no steals, no block. But Shannon, he basketball players you talking about you trying to put something on there.


Man, listen here man and, and all my age in my era, man these dudes gotta get down man. These ain't players like that man. We only talk about athletes, we talk about players, right? In my era, man in, in the nineties man, we had players man that's gonna go get here now. So think about that man. You trying to put something into some players that really ain't into that situation to have that type of role. You feel what I'm saying? That ain't the type of role. Yes they in man. They ain't in that type of role man. You ask you to be something that is not When have you ever seen these players that you just liked be a, a a, a primary or a player that you need to put in that role?


You ain't never Right. That's why the, that's why the Lakers was so willing to get rid of him. That's why, that's why the Wizards was so willing to get rid of him because that's not, that's not what he is. Yeah, he can get hot and give you 25, give you 30. But routinely if you go back and study Kyle Uzma, this is what he is, right? He's wildly inconsistent and it is hard to be a championship team unless you got, when they won in the ble, they had ad playing at Best ad you had LeBron said the four at at LeBron levels the four then he had, he had Howard, Howard, Howard McGee, Dwight Howard. And he told y'all that when he was think he said, man, my best position at the four when I can get down, You know what I'm saying?


And that's how that game goes. It's just like with the Lakers right now, they do not have a chemistry man with that team. You watching one person on one side go one-on-one, you watching the other player go one-on-one. You can't win at that type of basketball right now in the NBA. You can't watch that. Right. That's why they not winning. That's why that little young, that team in Minnesota who got that little dog down there on Edward, they he, they know who the dog he the Batman, You know what I'm saying? Or the Superman and the other dudes coming with it. You feel what I'm saying? And he knocking down shots. But that's what they do man. They young and they getting at it. That's why they up three one right now.


And we gotta understand that basketball right now, Chad, You know it, it ain't like it day man. When we had four, five people on that on our squad that can get down down. We had a one, a two, a three, a four and a five that nowadays you got one or two guys on the team that's getting down, right? That's it. Ain't nobody else gonna get down with y'all and if you ain't got the right chemistry, you not gonna win basketball games. Right.


Thanks. This is Courtside with Laura Corte the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura the founder and CEO of deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports from the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of Women's Sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dove dynasty. The Dubs dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Looking at this game, I mean, I mean I watched this game from start to finish. I never felt the Bucks was gonna win this game because the other night when when Milwaukee won, you got 37 pointer career high from Greg Trent Jr. What was the likelihood he was gonna be able to replicate that? Because at this juncture, yeah he's a streaky shooter, but what was the like likelihood of lightning striking twice? I didn't think it was gonna happen. Now did I Think you could go get 37 again? Sure. Absolutely. But and I said this ocho you and I was talking about it. Yeah, I say I'm looking at, I'm looking at the the Pacers, they only got three guys in double figures. That's not how they win game. They're a committee and they might not have anybody with 30, but they gonna have a bunch of teams and twenties.


And you look at it that they have a 14 or 17 or 13 or 12 or 15 or 23 outta 20. They had eight guys of the guys that they had played, You know they got a couple of guys to get in their mop up duty. But most of the guys that played got double figures and it's hard to beat a team when you get eight of your 10 main guys playing and they in double figures, who do we check? We can't check everybody. And that's why they blew, that's why they blew 'em out. That's why they read about the court. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. Why, what teams talk to teams are being successful now with what Shannon is saying. I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you them teams, Cleveland, right? Boston, Oakland, Oklahoma City.


Go to state Warriors right now who are playing very well when they got, when they playing that way and that's how they play what, what, what what Shannon is saying is they gotta know who is Batman and Robin. You gotta be a role player, You know what I'm saying? And we don't, you don't have, when them teams don't go like that, they're not gonna win basketball games. I'm telling right? Sometimes you gotta be, you gotta be, you gotta have a commissioner Gordon. He, there you go. You got you e everybody. You gotta have a Alfred. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Okay. You got bad man. You got Robin. Okay. Who? Alfred. Okay. Commissioner Gordon, you gotta have four, the five people who on the same page, left level Oklahoma City is great like that.


Cleveland is great like that, You know, ball is playing, ball is playing like that. And then you got, You know, a lot of these teams are playing like that. I think Denver and, and the Clippers are playing like that. And, and that's why that series is a very equal series in there. Two, two right now. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. And it's gotta work that way. And once you put that together then I'm, I'm with you. You know what I'm saying? But you can't have one or two dudes 'cause you can't win with one or two guys. You can't do it not in this league right now, how they're so athletic and how they just play off their talent and they shoot three, it's not going to happen.


You're not gonna win that one. It, it's not gonna happen this year. Thanks the most, one of the two most interesting games today, and this is the game the Chad them begging us to talk about the Lakers damn who are close with that Minnesota, they have a 12 point, I mean a 10 point league going into the fourth quarter. But Ant man went berserk. He scored 16 of his game high, 43 points as they outscored the Lakers 32 to 13, Lakers 32 to 19, excuse me, the Lakers shot just five of 18 in the fourth, including three or nine in the last five minutes. LeBron legs, I text Ash this and I text this early. I said, it looks like JJ is gonna roll with these guys the entire second half.


I say you talking about 46 minutes for LeBron on 40-year-old legs. You talking about Luca 45 and a half minutes. You talking about Rui and, and do and ar. I say that's a lot of, that's a lot of wear and tear. I say it's gonna be very, very interesting if this game come down to the last 3, 4, 5 minutes. It's gonna be very interesting if the Lakers can hold up and you've seen LeBron took two shots in the fourth quarter. He had zero points in the fourth quarter. He's exhausted. I think it's the first time in what, 20 years that the nobody subbed for the Lakers in the second half of a ball game. Everybody that started the game game played 24 minutes of a possible 24 minutes.


And now I'm concerned because I don't know how the Lakers play better. You got 23 points on nine or 16 shooting from Roy, five or 10, 23 points. You got LeBron 27 points on 15 or 18 from the free throw line. He had 27, 12 8, 3 still three block. Okay? You got Luca played, gave you 38, 7 or seven from the free throw line. You only had one rebound to assist. They turned him into a score. You could live with that. I just don't want him to get 38 and 12 and the assist total you got ar he scored, he only scored 17, but he got all of those in the second half. The bench gave him six points and I think that was the difference in the ballgame because their bench gave you 20 points.


Nas Reed gave you 12 points. Divin Czo gave you eight points and Nik kill Alexander Walker gave you six points, five points. But it was Aman and Drew Randall that really was, and Jay, Jay Daniels been McDaniels been playing unbelievable. I don't know where this guy came from, but he's been sensational in the whole season. But a man did what a superstar supposed to do, G Well, well Daniels is a, is a, is a, a defensive stop. He plays like that but he gives you more, I'm a, I'm a, I'm gonna compare Daniels to my son. They give you everything they have to do to win basketball games, not just defense. When they start scoring and they do special stuff, their team is going to win.


We're gonna go back to that. Chad, listen what I'm saying, we gonna go back to what, what, what China you see, why do you think Minnesota won? First of all, the Lakers can't play defense. They don't have no defense at all. You feel me? That that that's just a bad thing. So and they need a big to protect the rim once they get beat, they don't have that. Absolutely. So now what happened was is that that man got got busy. So let me tell you about this. What should you do about a guy who gets hot doubly get the ball out his hand and make somebody else be special. But what, You know what they did? Minnesota got other people to come off the bitch and be special and make shots. See that, that's, that's a difference.


I was at my son's game them last night and they were beating up curry for a long time. I kept saying get him off the ball, stop having him be on the ball so they can dump him every time. And then they finally listened and started getting him at the bottom and he started coming off picks. But when they started doubling him and all of a sudden who started getting busy? My son and other people and they beat him. You know what I'm saying? You have to have a, a, a, a cast to support you. That's what the game is about. It ain't about superstars now, now when this plans come, it ain't about superstars. It's about who gonna support my superstar to get me to win basketball games And the teams who are winning now, parts that got a cast that can support their, the supportive cast superstars.


So when they superstars get the start going reason why Edwards got busy today because he was one-on-one with everybody and ain't nobody gonna stop him one on one. If you start doubling on him and doubling him and everybody else and not making shots, you're not gonna win games. It's not gonna happen. So when you start doing that, what's it gonna do? And my superstar passing play, passing the ball and my other supporters start making buckets then what the what the coaches gonna start saying, man don't leave him, don't leave him. We can't do it. But when you a superstar go one-on-one, it's hard to guard a superstar one-on-one. Ain't nobody gonna guard nobody and stop nobody one-on-one isn't like with you Chad and with you Chad and, and thank God single coverage on y'all y that, that, that yeah that's just like fifth streets y'all that I mean like going out there and picking something who I kill y'all every time I see y'all one-on-one, I'm gonna get everything on y'all.


So then y'all gotta get double then who we gonna go to start killing them? That how the game goes. And if you don't have that's important task, it's not gonna work. It's not gonna work in this league right now because these dudes are too athletic and they, they can get it. So that's who are winning games now because they're athletic and they, and they, they and they not make, they making shots and superstars don't have to work as hard as they do hurry. Yeah. Hey, when I and gp, when I looked out the next game, obviously watching the Lakers play with, with Luca having a a good game and, and doing what he did, LeBron doing what he did early in the game and they had contributions from everybody else.


Obviously the bench didn't score and support the top, the big three, their big three A as as you so want to call it in in a sense. But the wolves having 20 off the bench and then having got damn Antman go crazy at night with 43, You know, nine and six, You know that's what he's supposed to do. And unc you can't say or have a reason Unc we we, we know LeBron is 40, You know, we understand that he's still playing the game, especially in a time like this. It ain't no time to come out. Yeah. It ain't nothing you, you can't come out, you got to play the whole game but you have to contribute more in that time, in crunch time in order for your team to win. You got to legs tired, legs feeling good.


It don't matter that that just, that's just what it is. So we can't make excuse, excuse, they don't do nothing anyway. They don't practice, they don't do nothing. They ain't tired. You know what I'm saying? And what I tell y'all is is Charlie, he might be 40 but he's still doing what he do in this league. When you do what you do in this league and don't get no support and everybody keep focusing on you and beating you down, you're gonna get tired but you ain't got no support from nobody who making shots to free me up. Then that's going to happen. Both of 'em gonna have 38, 27 or whatever they want to, but at the end, if ain't nobody doing nothing but us two, all we gotta do is focus on you two.


And then what's gonna happen? You two ain't the my other people ain't doing no cast. You see Minnesota right, came off the bench and had support. So when it got time for the crucial child, you can't go and double Edwards because I'm worried about these dudes off the bench and I worried about you Julius Randall worried about Nas Reed, I'm worried about McDaniels, I'm worried about David Jimal and Reed made a big three at the end. The three minute, two of them you right and busted them. So now am I worried about him? Yes, right. I'm worried about him so I can't go and say no I ain't gonna try to guard him because he gonna make sense.


So that's freed up everybody. And with LeBron and Luca you can't say that it ain't gonna work like that. We just go and double them and hope that when they go to this other player he gonna miss shots. And what did the Lakers do? They miss shots. Yeah, LeBron had zero points in the first quarter. In the fourth quarter. Luca had one rebound to assist. It's his few rebounds and assist ever in a playoff game. The bench Ns Reed had Na, Reed had 12 Divin, Chiso had six Lakers. Excuse me, divin, Chiso had eight eight and the Lakers had six. And so it seems to me that they were like, You know what, we're content we are gonna make you, we'll let you score.


Yeah. But what we're not gonna do is let you get 38 and eight assists, 38 and 10 assists because now the others are involved and so look and, and that played right into their hands. You see and you look at Aman, what does Aman have today? Aman? Aman had 43 and six assists. Yeah. You see he got others involved. The see assist people are like, well why he didn't have no assist. Well I would've had a, I would've had a double digits in a sense if God could have made shots. Shots. Yeah. Luca smoked two layups. LeBron smoked the layup. Officer Reeve smoked the layup. When you playing a team like this, you have to cash in on every opportunity.


Every opportunity. And Chad, Shannon let, let, let's make another case for this. Look at the Denver game yesterday against the Clippers. Yeah. You you, you seen a joker he was killing, right? They all tried to go and go at him on the last second 99. He go and take a fadeaway three, they worried about him. Everybody worried about him and then the Air Bowl and who make the, who make the final dunk? The one that got Gordon, Eric Gordon, Dan Gordon. So that's what I'm trying to tell y'all. Y'all tell we gotta understand that other role players gotta beat that type of guy man with this, with this Denver stuff. That's what it is. And he wind up with what, 30 something, 20 something rebounds to six man two.


Yeah, he had like 36, 36, 21 and eight. And that's what it's all about. Your role players have to be with you in this day of era in this basketball game to win basketball game. It's what? Check this stat out. Check gp, check this stat out. Nas Reed in the fourth court in this series has 26 points. He's nine of 10 from the field goal and field goal. He's six or six from three in clutch. The last five minutes of the ball game Ocho the game with is within five points, right? That's what they consider clutch time. He's six or six from the three in clutch situation. Yeah, he's nine of 10 for the floor with 26 points. I mean you talk, you talk about Jordan, you talk about Kobe, whomever, they've never been like this.


You talking about the guy that's missed one shot, right? He's perfect from the three and, and and, and that's, that's crazy what we were talking about Ocho here man, these type of dudes you have to have on your team. You remember, you remember the Lakers had Robert Horry who did the same thing Yeah. In they day, You know what I'm saying? When you have Yeah. Big shot. Big shot at the big shot Bob big shot. Big shot at the big shot. You want a guy. And I tell people as I coach now in junior college, I said you want be on the float with six minutes. You are the closer, you're the closer. I want you to make big shots. But with him and Reed, what was he last year?


Six men of the year. You feel what I'm saying? Right. He coming in and making these big time shots and that's what you want from these dudes and that's what you gonna win championships. That's the only way you gonna win championships in this NBA. Okay, well listen, now that we got, we got all that good stuff out the way, let's talk about the meat and potatoes of the series and what's going on right now. The Lakers are down three one. Yep. And and gp. GP you could probably attest to this and have a better answer, but I'm sure unc you probably know as well being that your knowledge and, and, and and and acumen of the game of basketball is good. Do you see any scenario at all? Any type of magical situation where the Lakers come back, they go seven Ocho, GPIC GP take shaking his head.


They go, wait, wait. So you still feel there's a possibility that the Lakers can come back down from seven seven, stop it me and you can better dinner on this. That ain't gonna happen. Better, better run. I run it, run it anywhere you wanna go, man, I'm with it. I'm with that. There's no way the is gonna beat them three in a row. Ain't no way no possible we going seven, it's going seven games. They're they're not gonna be, they're not gonna what? We gotta see, see the problem that, the problem that JJ ran into is that LeBron had just played 38 40 minutes a night ago and then you follow that up. Now the best thing about this, they don't play again till Wednesday.


So LeBron get an extra date. Luca get an extra date. We got this, we gonna go back to Minnesota. Hold on, hold on, hold. We gonna get that one and then we come back to la Huh? So are we, are we saying the fact that that they're losing is because their legs are tired because they too many minutes? No, I'm saying no, no, no, no, no. That's a good team. But I'm saying Ocho. Yeah, when you play, just imagine how your legs feel. Just imagine if you had to play a football game on Monday, right. And then you gotta play another one on Wednesday. Not Thursday, Monday, Wednesday. Yeah, I'd be good. I'd be good. I'm talking about me. No you wouldn't. I don't know about nobody else. Yeah, you would but to be good at 40 playing wide receiver me. I Think you would. I Think you would. Yeah. Yeah. Would I'd be good. Hold on. We at 40 is different though. You know what I'm saying? You got, see our mentality is different than that though.


You, you can't compare them kids to us. You know what I'm saying? Our mentality is way different. But GP you can have a mentality all you want to that body. No, the mind willing, the body just ain't able to get up without, well Shannon, I'm gonna' go, I'm go get a Jaco, I'm gonna kick it, I'm gonna get my legs right. I ain't going to practice, I ain't doing none of that. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna come back and give you 50. I'm telling you right now. Yeah. And first of all, these dudes got a lot, but you gotta understand they lost in la, they lost in la, Minnesota came in and and defended home. It's gonna be hard for you to beat them. They gonna go to La, Minnesota, la Minnesota ain't gonna lose at home.


I'm, I'm, I'm guarantee that we got them. We, we supposed, we actually, we supposed to have took two of them. We supposed to have took both of them got home, get we got this gp, we got that deal. Okay, I got you. Hold on. Well wait, wait, hold on, hold on. When y'all, when y'all have a bet, right? When y'all have a bet and you talking about Zen bet, is there a certain amount? Is there a certain restaurants you can and can't work? Go. You wanna go man, you yeah, we got this. You know what I'm saying because I I'm confident on three one, they ain't coming back like that. They hold they whole be messed up. Hey you now You know if anybody know how to come back from a three, one deficit gp, are you? Oh yeah.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. But I'm telling you I get it, but that ain't gonna happen. That ain't gonna happen. Look Shannon, this ain't no mentality of us. I'm gonna tell you one time, man, these dudes ain't cut like that, man. I don't care what you saying. Matter of fact, they ain't cut like us man. They ain't cut like, man, I'm gonna go, man, we gonna bus them for three games, dude, these dudes wanna go on vacation. Right. You know, saying man look here. They ain't doing. Yeah, I wanna make a sad, I wanna make a sad bet. I can make a sad No, you owe you can't back no bet. Fuck what bitch.


Oh, I'm saying, I'm saying I'm no, I'm, I'm with, I'm with you but I'm saying girl because, because Santa say you can't make a bet because you already owe something what you already owe. Listen, listen, listen, listen. I'm doing, I'm doing right by here. I own 5,200. Right. But as long as I be 5,200 plus 15%, okay, but you not the bank. You can't add, you can't add that much. Yes. You lemme ask question. Have you ever gone to the bank and borrowed money without paying interest on the money? I ain't never borrowed no money from the bank. We ghetto. Man. You can't, you can't do it like, man, we in in the mafia. You can't do all that. Let that go man. Let that 50 shit go. I gotta pay. Let that shit get, I gotta put some juice over it. 200 his rival.


Hey, hey GP, I gotta put a little juice over. Yeah, I know it been too low. Get you a bottle or so something you don't understand me and get your with so something man and let that go. I mean listen, I'm, I'm a gp I'm just trying to give him, I'm giving, I'm trying to give him a chance to double his money. So if he, I don't want double it. I didn't want that. I got, I I get more to double than nothing. Double than nothing. Double than nothing. Chad, Chad, I gotta go Shannon Bank, just gimme 52 and I all that. Okay? And I, I done 52, you double. He wanna, he wanna double up my money. You can't do that. Hey Bank, hey Bank, I know I owe you, I know I owe you a couple hundred thousand, but little me another ain't double or nothing, another couple hundred.


I'm saying listen, I'm, I'm giving you opportunity. I'm giving you an opportunity to double your money so when I do pay you, you have more than what you was gonna get in the first place. That ain't bad. Well consider that. I hadn't got what I was supposed to be getting at the end of the season. The likelihood of me getting that double ain't happening either. Nah, I told you when I see you, I'm gonna pay you. That's all 59 80. You owe me 59 80 plus that 15% 59. It went to 52 to 59. Yeah. I, I don't let in this economy. Shh. Well, I don't know y'all. I need my money in this economy.


This is court side with Laura Corti the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports from the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of Women's Sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to You by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I Just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph Has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but Ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Said tired legs was not the cause of the misses. JJ Reddit became the first coach to play five players for an entire half in the playoffs. JJ said on his starters playing the entire second half. It wasn't planned, but we just made the decision at halftime. Magic Johnson questioned the strategy. I'm just sick to my stomach that the Lakers lost this game after being in control. Most of the second half. I don't know if it's smart to play LeBron and Luca the entire second half after only having one day rest between game three and four. We needed LeBron to take over in the fourth quarter and he couldn't. He's scored zero points in the fourth. I agree. I agree. The rims, Mr. Trip Luca got tripped. I mean that was a blatant trip. He doesn't fall on his own.


We, we watched it. He gets tripped. So we should have been at the free throw line. Yes. Luca missed a smoked the layup that would've put him up. Seven. They come down here to three. So now all of a sudden been up seven. You are only up two. You see, you see how momentum swing LeBron missed the layup, had a to come out of timeout, had a great curl set, smokes that layup ar smoked the layup. It's just, look, I think it was LeBron has said like he don't wanna make excuses. But gp, when you ask that man, the dude, the man had he let, he had more the most rebounds of anybody that touched the court today.


He had the most assist of anybody that cut touched the court today. He had the most blocked shots, he had the most steel. Well, nah, Devin Zo had the most steel. But you talking about a 40-year-old Yeah. Than led in rebounds. Lead in block shots, letting and assist. You are asking a four. Think about what you're asking. A 40-year-old, a 40-year-old what you're asking him to do. And Shannon, I'm a I'm I'm a comment on that. We, we we own a a a freak of a nature type. Do I get it what you're saying about we asking? He's he's different. He's a lot different. I don't agree with him not getting no rest in the second half. I Think you resting for two or three, four minutes each quarter.


Yeah. Resting for like two or three minutes and bring him back and do the same thing. But what I do with jj, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to JJ Reddy's defense. He was saying I can't lose this game. I'm gonna go with my player who I think gonna gimme something. You know what I'm saying? He shouldn't have did that. You know, and timeouts don't cut it sometime it don't work. I would've gave him three to four minutes or five minutes every quarter. I would've did five minutes and then still controlled it. I get what magic is saying, You know what I'm saying? Give him his legs. I would him quarter, I would've said five to six minutes and then played him the whole fourth quarter.


You know what I'm saying? That's what I would've did. It was, it was a bad decision on his behalf. But I thinking what JJ is thinking as the first year of, he needed that get this game and, and it didn't work out for him. Now what? He's gonna go back, he's gonna reevaluate everything. He's gonna give him rest because they need this win in LA on Wednesday and I think they gonna get the win on on LA on Wednesday. They gonna get it. But I'm just saying. Oh, so he should, he should have evaluated that a little bit different. I don't think it's legs and all that. I think he got tired and they went away from everything that they did to me.


You go put LeBron on the block, see if they gonna goly, let him guard one-on-one and go out. You know I'm saying if you watch the game, it's that too high. Watch Luca watch LeBron. I'm focus on all of y'all. Put him on the block, let him come down there and double. You know what I'm saying? And do things like that. But they don't play that way. Y'all know that Shannon and Chad? No. This game ain't like a, if I see you and Chad on a disadvantage, man, I'm gonna run y'all play every day. I'm gonna Oh. Until, until they stop it. Then you stop until, until they stop it. And with me with LeBron being 6, 8, 2 6, I'm gonna put you on the block.


I'm not gonna put you on top where everybody can focus in on you and we can stuck in. Right. Put you on the block and if you gotta come down with me, let me kick it to somebody hit a jumper, then you gonna start being irrelevant that way. And they didn't play that game. I, I knew LeBron was gonna play a ton of minutes today because he normally takes his break at about six minutes, six 30. He didn't take his break today until about four minutes. He got two minutes and then he was right back in the game and he didn't come out again. So I knew it was gonna be one of those. And I texted Ash and I said, Ash, first of all I knew that we're in trouble. Gp, LeBron is going off, Luca is going off and they got a four point lead.


Let that sink in. Now all my artillery right and I only got a four point lead and these guys are going haywire in the first half. So that's not good because if a, normally when guy's going off, that's a 10, that's a 1214 point lead. You got both of your big guns and Minnesota's right there. So they gotta feel good. And as a matter of fact, they had a three point lead at the half. They're like, hold on, LeBron had 22, Luca got 21, that's 43 right there. And we still got the lead. Are we good? It's the same thing with the Lakers. When they lost to the, the nuggets, when LeBron went crazy in the first half, he had like 30, 32 points. You remember that game in the first half?


They like, oh he done, he done, he done spend his hard, he blew his load. We got this. Yeah, he ended up, he, after he had 32 at the half, he ended up having 40 for the game because he exerted so much and it wasn't enough to get the separation that he needed. Luca and LeBron exerted so much. LeBron, I think LeBron had five points in the third quarter. None in the fourth quarter. But they did a great job of taxing him. Yeah. And because I think a lot of this gp, because LeBron is so tired, they like, he's not even a threat when he's on the block because that's normally Julius Randall. Julius Randall takes a lot outta you. Yeah, because he's a big body guy. He wants to bang on you. Yeah, he's gonna bang you when you playing defense on him, he's gonna bang on you when you playing defense on him, he's gonna bang on you.


So it's just bang, bang, bang. And after a while that takes that, that z Well, but but then Shannon hold on, lemme tell you this. Even doing that, why did I get even trouble? Let him bang, bang me mad. True. I go at him, spin on him. Do the things you do, but that mean you gotta work the game to work the right way. Y'all remember when I played right, get me the ball on the block. I want you to bang on me 'cause I'm gonna spin on you and I'm gonna kill you every day. You know what I'm so you gotta get to that level where LeBron has to learn. Don't bang, bang, bang, work with him. Get Randall out the game because what's the next person that's gonna come in that game on Minnesota's bench that can handle me?


Not too many people. Yeah, not too many people. So that's, that's being coached and being smart. That's why I say nowadays IQ ain't in this game. It's all about ability, athleticism, it's athletic ability. This ain't no IQ game right now. I I'm, I'm gonna tell everybody, ain't too many guys in here got IQs like that. You know what I'm saying? LeBron don't have to bang that boy if he hit me one time on my back, spin on get a foul, get him in foul trouble. And then what's gonna happen? You gonna suck. Right. You gonna suck. And ain't nobody gonna come off that bench. That gonna handle LeBron who must bully him.


But when you get a guy who's checked out and he's tired. Yeah. And let's say again Shannon, let's think about the last play of the game. What LeBron did, he turned the ball over again. He turned the ball over. They can't get the, why can't they get the ball inbound? Because we've seen Reed, we've seen so many times guys. D does anybody know how to hard cut. Doesn't anybody know how to sell back? Lemme say this Shannon. What about just putting your forearm on a motherfucker and just post and and and and get off and throw the ball down that way. Post it. Why you don't do that? Why you don't do that? And then if they try to double me, what are you going to do? I'm gonna get the ball to the next dude, then I'm post it up.


I'm telling you once again iq IQ in this game. Man. If, hold on. If you wanna get me the ball, I'm gonna get the ball. Especially if we can go in the back court. I'm gonna hold you off, push you off and you throw that ball out there and I'm gonna go get it. I'm gonna go get it. Don't try to make none of them heroic passes that you see. Man. These dudes is not having IQs like that. They don't have IQs like that. Hey, hold on. But both of y'all said the same thing, right? You, you and UNC got a friendly demo. Yeah. You say Lakers gonna lose. Well both of you came came to came to the party and both said hell the Lakers might win. Are gonna win Winsy.


You said they gonna win the game Wednesday gp. Yeah. So if they could win the game Wednesday, if they could win one, they could win two. But I don't think that But you gonna exert Chad, you gonna exert a lot then you on home. Yeah. Against a team that's in Minnesota that plays well at home. Right. They play well at home. I get it. You gonna exer exert all your time. But think about the, the really, the odds of everything done came back from a three one series deficit and win as many games as they win. They're not gonna win three in a row. I'm, I'm just not gonna say that I can't do it. You know one, you lost two games in Minnesota. You lost one game in hole and you lost the first game.


Chad Cole. Yeah. So why, what do you think now and what have Shannon say? Shannon say they're getting old legs are tied. They got two days off. Whatcha gonna do? How you gonna work that out? Alright, is your mindset that I'm gonna try to win this? Chad, I'm gonna ask you again. Do you think they mindset is and we gonna come back and win three in a row? They not doing that. They talking about going home. They talking about going to success to Cancun. You know what I'm saying? Right. And we'll work with it next year. You feel what I'm saying? I'm just saying it's gonna be hard for the Lakers to win three in a row against this young hog team that Shannon has just told.


People are coming off the bench doing what they do. You feel what I'm saying? And doing what they do. Yeah. Then we thinking about the N-B-A-N-B-A. Don't want it to be like Oklahoma City. Go folk blank. They trying to get tv. Tv. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all, y'all, y'all cut into the church of money. Yeah. You, You know what I'm saying? Now I ain't gonna keep letting just, I'm just gonna do whatever I I'm, I'm gonna call s that I have to call whatever, whatever. And you gotta think about it though Chad, who you think is ta mortality. What team you think was mortality? Chad, Minnesota. Lakers. Minnesota. Minnesota. Minnesota. They not gonna do that man.


And and people coming off the bench doing what they do. Shannon just told you Yeah, their bench is being more productive than Lakers bench. That's what it down to. It's who gonna be the people that support that superstar Cats. I dang. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, I agree. And that's the thing, I mean you, you, they were so close, they had a 10 point lead. I'm not so sure what a 10 point lead. I think I tried to get, I think I tried to get LeBron two minutes to start the fourth. We got a lead. Well Chad, I say like this, like they with the, with the Warriors sub him three minutes, bring him in, sub him at seven, he got five minutes on the clock, then bring back in the fourth quarter Right?


And let him play the whole fourth quarter. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. That's how you gotta do it. But I just don't think that chemistry is right. When you got two guys on both sides I saw on the basketball and you watching them play basketball, that's not a good deal for me. It's just like what we did when we played basketball. We put it in the post and let our big man dominate. If you don't get him, he gonna score every time. But if you start scoring, we gonna doubling and what do our big man do? Kick it and we could easily kick it out. Buckets. And we rotate. Rotate and make people rotate. That ain't the game nowadays. We just talking about shooting threes one on one iso trying to do what we do.


Right. And it don't work if you don't have that cast that's making them big time shots, which Minnesota did today. They pay big time shots. Yes. And it don't work. It won't work. It just won't work. Dang. They definitely linkers definitely got their work cut out for 'em. They're gonna have to play another hopefully, I don't know if you can get another 25 point game outta ru ura ru was sensational today. This is by far his best game in the playoffs. And he played extremely well. I don't know if you're gonna be able to get, because he was five or 10. He was nine or 16. Played 50, 41 minutes, gave you 23 points. LeBron was 27, 12 8, 3 3.


Officer Reeves, he came in and he done play. He was terrible. He got in foul trouble. He was terrible in the first half. 17, 17, 7 and four. I can live with that. I like having something spread out. But Julius Randall start out, started a game off. He was extremely aggressive and that's, that's his game. He he's, he's an aggressive player. He, he's gonna try to put the ball on the floor. He's gonna put pressure, he is gonna attack the rim. Jay Daniels, Jayden McDaniels didn't start off strong, but down the stretch he made all the hustle plays. He got the, and one he made a big time. Three Antman was a man, but it was Nas Reed and Dante di Vincenzo di Menzo getting a rebound knocking down a three.


You get Nas Reed knocking down two big threes. Yeah. Dizel getting an and and one. And I thought, I was like, You know what, 'cause Dizel got one and LeBron Sky was like, oh, the old man still got so many, still got some juice in the tank gp. But it was, I I I just think the thing is, yeah, they were tired, but ant man, he said he's dreamed his whole, he's dreamt his whole life of these moments. And you can tell 12 of 23, 5 of 10 from the free three point line, 14 of 17, nine rebound, six assist. And he only had one turnover. Well, Chad and Shannon, he told you this something when he was in the way, he was all, when he starts shooting threes playing his Steph Curry and he said, man, I was in them games shooting him threes what is he came back and did.


He said, I'm gonna shoot more threes this year and look at his percentage, come over on the threes. His confidence is way here. When you give a player like that, that type of ability to do that and become that type of player, put him on Olympic team, give him that type of ability to become a super star. A real super star. Yeah. And he make his shots and he get confident. It's hard to stop a basketball player like that. And he has proven it. He has proven it that he is the primary player to be that NBA player and take over this lead. And that's what he's doing every day after them, after them games. And he's doing his poster, all he doing is fine because he know it's easy.


It's easy for, yeah, it's ease. And that's what he's doing. And he's showing you that he can put this team on his back. They thought when they got rid of the cat, cat that it was gonna be all over. No, that boy took his, it took this game to another level and did what he do and they didn't. Six, they did succeed beating the third seat. That's what these teams is, that's why I tell everybody, stop talking about these seeds and all that with these eight two gang. That is, that is just crap to me. I don't care about you. You, you gotta go play in these playoffs and get down and they showing Lakers and I don't care what seeds you are, we gonna go get at you and then get out.


The thing is is that when you look at it, gp, is that because he can shoot the three, you gotta hug up on him and now he can go by you, by you. Yeah. You see what he's going by, he's going to kick or he's going all the way to the rim. So it, it is like, okay, I'm gonna play off him. Hand down, man, down Mark Jackson. And so now he's got that three ball in his bag. He always had the ability to go around you and finish over top of you. So how do I defend him if I give him too, if I give him too much airspace, he gonna rise up and shoot the, he gonna raise up and shoot the three. If I, if I hug up on him to take away the three, he gonna go by me and finish on top of me. So I I, I mean you're at his mercy and you, same thing with Steph Curry. Steph Curry used to be he set up for the three.


Now you'll see Steph put the ball on the floor and get to his flow game. And then Shannon, you think about that, when I was at the game last night, what Houston tried to do to Steph Curry was doubling every time I kept screaming. Right. I said, get him off the ball. Don't let him dump it. Let him come off the baseline and do like Reggie Miller or Rip Hamilton and they add his mercy. Soon as they catch did that, Houston fell apart. They fell apart. But yeah, what did the Warriors do? He had other people who made shots and did things that they do because once and then what Curry did, he started being one-on one and then he started being Curry.


He liked the, he liked PlayStation, he started cooking. You see it's PlayStation, right? And he started cooking and he started hitting shots and then they start doing it and he started making a right pass. And then they start finishing. They start saying, man, what can I do? And when they start finishing, he start going one-on-one. And it ain't nobody can guard nobody like that with no talent like that one-on-one. There's no way. No way The Volume.


I am Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camil Ramon at am Ortiz. And our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukkar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.