
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy away


A kale tofu smoothie. Well, maybe it'll help with these itchy plaques. Ugh, sure. You wanna drink that? What? Ah, I know you. I'm your plaque psoriasis. We met on your hipo just last week, Right? I'm trying this new diet, so you should go away. Oh, Juice might not be enough. I'm calling my doctor Plaque Psoriasis is an autoimmune condition that needs more than a healthy lifestyle to manage it. Learn about treating with something different@beneaththeskin.com.


Tired of your typical snacks that leave you wanting more. Why not remix your snack with new OCO remix? It's a remix of your favorite OCO yogurt with crave crushing mixings like honey, almonds, and dark chocolate. With 11 grams of protein per serving, there's nothing you can't take on Snack Strong. With new OCO remix yogurt, pick up your new favorite snack at your favorite grocer. Now


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Drafting Sports book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The team USA men's national basketball team. USA men's national team beat Puerto Rico. 1 0 4 to 83 behind 26 points from Ant Man, Anthony Edwards, excuse me. He finished, they finished to go three and oh in pool play and the number one overall C in the Olympics quarter finals. The US emerged from pool play number one due to plus 64 point differential over the three games. And we'll play Brazil in the quarter finals. An man team USA youngest player at age 22 came off the bench to hit 11 of his 15 shots with three rebounds, three assists, two steals. Joe l and b chipped in with 15.3 rebounds.


Kevin Durant at 11 points, four rebounds, three assists. Ojo, what you thinking? She, Hey, we have no competition. Huh? We have, I we, we as in me, like I'm part of the goddamn team. We have no competition. Now Kurt's a little upset with all the birds chirping from over here on the, on, on state side about how he does his lineups and everything. But I understand what he's saying. I don't like what he, I just don't like something that he did say saying that they don't compliment each other. Well, when you have certain players on the floor playing, playing, playing together as one. But I think thats neither here nor there when it comes to the bank, the game of basketball. You want your best five players on the court, but you have the best 12, the 12 players, right?


The best 12. Yes, we have the best 12 from the state side over in Paris. I'm not sure if the chemistry messes up regardless of who's in the rotation or who's on the floor because they're all greeted what they do and the best, you know, for our country. So I don't understand what he was talking about in that sense. Maybe you could explain it to me a little better, but other than that, I, I see. So how I see no one contesting us. I see no one contesting Us. So how would you, so how do you, so how do you keep CD lamb, Justin, Jefferson, Tyreek Hill, Travis Kel and George Kittle happy all on the field at the same time. You said how? Yes. Well, you make, you make plays for, for each one. It's pretty easy. You got four quarters.


You got, you got, you got different downs. So what, so what happens when Tyree catches 14 and cd lamb gets two and Jefferson gets three? Well, That, that, that, that, that won't happen. That won't happen. That is gonna happen. ocha. So you got the, you you got the same number of catches every single week and you didn't have, you didn't have Who, who was the, when you made, when you made the AllPro team, who were the other receivers? It was, it was, man, I don't remember. I mean, it was always T who? TJ Huda and Chris Henry. I'm, I'm, I'm assuming. No, I'm not talking about on your own team. I'm talking about the, the tos to and his prime. AJ Johnson in his prime. Larry fit the death prime. All of y'all on one team, right? How do I keep all of you happy? It was pretty easy. I only need about three catches.


No, you don't owe your stop saying that. Don't do That now. Hello? I wasn't a Volume catcher, unc, I was always going deep. You, but I, look, I know the situation that when you weren't getting the ball at halftime, what transpired in the locker room? Who, we don't need to mention it. Who are we playing That Don't worry about who we playing. I know everything. I'm just saying. I'm not gonna let you say come out here. And if there are other great players on your team and you say you need three catches because you got them three catches and you were very up, upset, Catching drag round, Catching Drag round ain't gonna win no goddamn game. Oh, oh no, you said catches. Now you want get specific with catches Because you saying I need, need more catches in the game. And I'm telling you what I've done throughout my career.


You mention in one game, I'm, I'm telling you what transpired in the locker room when you wasn't getting the ball like you thought you should. Now I can name several situations because you know, I got people everywhere. Well, there was only one situation, but go ahead, Ocho. This me. Yeah, It's me too. I only had one problem. That's it. Just we, the we're in the most important game of our time and you allowed another team to dictate getting your best player ball. You damn right. Oh yeah. Let, let, lemme get you together. Yeah. Whoa. Well, but I'm saying what what difference does it make if y'all guys winning, Winning. So if I got, so in other words, if Larry Fitzgerald, hold on.


Andre Johnson, hold on. Larry Fitzgerald, Andre Johnson to and Chad Ochocinco on the field at the same time, Ochocinco is gonna be okay if he just get three balls as long as they winning the game. Yeah, That's all I need is three because my three gonna be deep. Oh Lord. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just telling you, hey. Oh, matter of fact, Hold on. You know I got something you Hold on, hold on. Chat everybody in the chat. When you watch my highlights, what I'm always doing on my highlights, when you watch, when you watch my highlights, what am I always doing on my highlights? Every highlight, 20 yards, 30 yards, 50 yards touchdown. Like you, I I Don't, I don't, lemme ask you question.


I Don't do none of that small running slants and going for 80. That's not what I do. If's not what I did. That's why I'm saying only I only need three. So, so you was okay with your role in, you were okay with your role in New England? They didn't, they didn't me in new, I Didn't have a choice. You went to the, you went to the Super Bowl. Were you okay with your role in New England? Well, no they didn't, they didn't need, they didn't need me. They didn't need me. I just asked you were you okay With? They didn't need me. You, I mean you on hold on. Didn't need you. We talking about new, we talking about New England offense, right? The offense that's run from the outside in where the outside receivers are used. That one where they had Edelman, where they had Gronk, where they had Aaron Hernandez, Randy Mos on, lemme, lemme finish.


Randy Moss. Are You talking about Randy Moss the greatest player that ever played this game outside of Jerry Rice. And to come on man. Be for real man. Yes, be for real man. Come on man. You, you said you would be okay. How many catchers did you have that season? O Chuck? Shoot. I don't know. I don't remember. Look it up, Ash. We gonna look it up. But it's not, it's not making no sense. Yes, it's, no it's not. I didn't you said long you with Did I cause the problem in New England? So obviously I was okay with my situation. So it's not making No sense. No, no, no, no. Yes. I was okay with it because I didn't call the problem. It was what it was. Whatcha gonna do? No, no, no, you didn't. Wait, wait. Lemme finish. Lemme finish. You asked me, were you okay with your situation in England?


Well, what was I gonna do? What was I gonna bitch and moan? That's New England. Everybody's expendable. So of course I was okay with it. Whatever they told me to do, I did. That's It. So lemme ask you a question. So if that was, if that was the case, why were you okay with that situation in New England? I mean in Cincinnati? Why did you behave with 'cause we Getting mad sw in important game. Well you was getting whipped in that important game in the Super Bowl and you didn't misbehaved. Ooh, no You wasn't, You sure got lost to the Giants. No. You, you remember what happened? We were going down, we were going down the score to tight the game and the ball would drop. It hit off in chest on fourth down. That's what happened. No, though on third down the ball was behind Edelman.


Or not Ed, but West Weer. No, that's not what happened On that third down. It Was fourth down. We went forward remember? And it hit off his chest. Oh, Oh, west weer. Yeah. No, it was behind him. He threw it behind him because he saw the front side safety. I can't even, I can't even remember the play West what's been So how many, how many years it been Remember you, you remember he we ran the scene. Yeah, Tom back shoulder him because safety Coming down. Right, right, right, right, right. And he tried to save him from a headache and what you call him didn't get it, didn't get his, didn't get his body around. We didn't get his body around real. Yes. I, I can, I can't, I can't remember how you remember All this shit.


But see what, what I'm saying, I understand what Steve Kerrs saying. Right. Because you know, you think that just because Okay, he great. He great, he great. Right, Right, right, right, right. They don't necessarily work well together. So we gotta have, okay, let's have three great players. Right. And other players, all of those players are great in their, on their own, in their own, right. Right, right, right. But some players play better together than others. Some things you and, and, and, and TJ might have worked better than say you and, and, and, and Andre Johnson or you and Randy or some other player because I I like, I like that. So when I, when I think about the game of basketball, when I think about football, you see how you naming the receivers.


So there's an offense, there's a scheme, there are tactics that we, that the offensive coordinator does and they understand the strengths and weaknesses. We know what OCHO does. Well, let's say if I, let's say I had, we, we oh shit to was there, let's say Andre Johnson or regardless to who the other number, other receivers on the other side where you already know what we do well. So we play off each other and you know, our strengths and our weaknesses and the combinations of what we do. That's the, the plays that are called. So when I think about basketball, yeah, if you have 12 of the best it, I'm thinking in my mind what shouldn't matter who's on the court. The chemistry should still be the same because it's, it's basketball in simpler terms. Based on the way I see it. No, right.


But you, you say it's a little bit more complex than that. It's because some people need the ball in their hands. Well, if LeBron got the ball in his hands, how do I keep the ball in ant man's hand? Antman needs the ball. You see Steph plays, plays well with LeBron. Kevin Rant plays well with LeBron. LeBron. 'cause what they Catching shit. Yeah, they play off the ball real Well. They don't really need the ball. They can move without the ball. Ant needs the ball in his hand. Certain guys need jt, he needs the ball. So jt Jason Tatum not good off the ball. No. That's not what he shooting. No can all these guys can do a lot of different things. But what do I put him in where he can be the best? I don't need you to be good. I need you to be at your best.


So They have their strengths and weaknesses too. They have their strength and weaknesses. So that's how you have to, that's how you have to play that. I like that. I like that. But they look good. Okay. O Joe? Yeah. Simone Bowes vaults to a third goal in parish. Her Olympic medal collection has officially reached double digit. It's her 10th Olympic medal, seventh goal bow bows defeated Brazil's, Rebecca Andre Andrade, Andrade, excuse me, Rebecca Andrade, once again who won silver. Jade Carey took the bronze redeeming disappointing vault in Tokyo where she tripped on the runway despite speculation about the potential retirement Bow said after Sunday's competition that she has not ruled out 2028.


Ah, Never say, never say never. The next Olympic is at home. So just never know. But I am getting really old. That's dope. I think she gonna, she gonna do it. She gonna, I you know what? I think she gonna do it just because it is at home. Can you imagine, you talking about going off into the sunset, like them and Louise, that's a horrible analogy. I'm just thinking about going off into the sunset. It's the only thing I can think of. But competing in your home in front of everybody. The world is watching and you representing us right here at home. I mean, why not? What, what, what else is she going call? What, what could, so if she wins another gold medal, does that change? Does that make you think that she's the greatest?


No, because she already is. Oh, you already think Because she already is. She already is. I mean, I'm just that that would be a, that that, That I mean that would be like a personal decision. Wouldn't you think it would be a personal decision? Yeah. And just wanting to do it on, on your home soil. But it's not really not needed. The, but I think the thing is, is that's gonna be a decision that her and her husband sit down. Are they, are they wanting to start a family? Is she okay? Does she want to put her body through that kind of training over the next several years? Does she take, like, does she take a couple years off and then pick back up and say 26 to get ready for the world championships in 27 that leads into the Olympics in 28. Right? That's a possibility. Also.


There are several fact, like you said, she's 27. That means at the time that the Olympics has transpired, she'll be 31, which is really, really old for gymnasts. Because you gotta think about it, they've been competing since they were eight, since they was 12, 13, 15. So you talking about 20, that's Tom Brady, that's a LeBron James career. You know, there haven't been very many of those NFL players, right? Especially they play that position. So imagine the taxation on the body, all that tumbling, all that flipping, all that shoulder ocho that on the, on the, the uneven bars, right? And the balance beam and the vault and the floor. That pound and that tumbling.


But that, look, that's the decision that her and her husband, I'm sure they'll sit down to make as a team. And she was like, hey. He was like, Hey babe, what are you thinking? She gonna ask him, Hey babe, what are you thinking? You want to do that? Is that what you wanna do? 'cause I'm here to support you. Just like, hey, he was in Houston. She a, he's in Green Bay, he's in Chicago. Hey, we support each other. We're each other's number one fan. We're number, we're the support system right. That each of us have. So would I love to see her compete? Sure. Selfishly. Yeah. For me. Selfishly, yes. Just say, I saw Simone Biles compete because if you were to I'm definitely gonna go if she's competing in 28.


Yeah. Yeah. The Lord spares my life. Yeah. I'm gonna see if you spare mine, I fall from my box. If you spare mine, I'm going with you.


If it sounds like I'm lying down, it's because I'm reclined to 180 degrees in my La-Z-Boy recliner. La-Z-Boy wants to remind you to take some time for yourself and enjoy some lazy time. After a long day of errands, chores and your nine to five, you deserve to nap. Like no one's watching on a La-Z-Boy recliner. And you deserve to pick up the remote and not put it down except to grab more snacks. Of course. So put on your comfiest sweatpants and get reclining in a La-Z-Boy recliner today. You've earned it.


I love my Hyundai Hyundai's most electric EV lineup changes the way that you look and feel about EVs, especially Hyundai EVs. Love my Hyundai. My IX six was awesome. I'm talking about this thing would charge like crazy too. Ultra fast charging in the ionic five and ionic six from 10 to 80% in as little as 18 minutes using a 350 kilowatt, 800 volt DC ultra fast charger. So that's super fast. And like those words and stuff like I even get confused a little bit. But it's super fast tech confused with standard safety features like highway driving assist, blind spot collision warning. Plus you get America's best warranty with a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EV lineup has everything that you've been yearning for on your next or your first EV boldly captivating your senses. Learn more about Hyundai evs@hyundaiusa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. America's best warranty claim based on total package of warranty programs. See dealer for limited warranty details. See your Hyundai dealer for further details and limitations.


My uncontrollable movements called TD tardive. Dyskinesia felt embarrassing. I felt like disconnecting. I asked my doctor about treating my TD and learned about Ingrezza. A prescription medicine clinically proven for reducing TD in adults. It's the only TD treatment that's always one pill once daily and it's number one prescribed. And people taking Ingrezza can stay on most mental health meds. Ingrezza Fal, benazine capsules can cause depression. Suicidal thoughts or actions in patients with Huntington's disease. Pay close attention to and call your doctor if you become depressed, have sudden changes in mood, behaviors, feelings, or have thoughts of suicide. Don't take Ingrezza if you're allergic to its ingredients. Ingrezza may cause serious side effects, including angioedema, potential heart rhythm problems and abnormal movements report fevers stiff muscles or problems thinking as these may be. Life-threatening sleepiness is the most common side effect. Take control by asking your doctor about Ingrezza. Learn More@ingrezza.com. That's I-N-G-R-E-Z-Z a.com.


Za Katie Ledecky ties the record for the most gold medals by female Olympian with a 800 freestyle win for fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal. In the event it marks the first time that a woman has ever won four goals in the same event it bought, also bought Ledecky's career total up to nine Olympic goals, which ties her with the Soviet gymnast. Larissa Latina for the most all time by female Olympian Ledecky logged a time of eight minutes, 11 seconds, eight minutes, 11.04.


Second to clench her latest goal. Australian Ariana Tus and American Paige. Mad Madden. She took the bronze Madden. Did Tus who beat Ledecky in the the 400 she beat in the 400, took the gold, took the silver, excuse me. And close. Normally they're not this close to ledecky. Only a little over, a little over a second, you know, a little over. Not a second. Almost a second and a half. Normally we saw last time Ocho when she won the 1500, she out there high fiving the crowd.


They coming down. They just not coming down. She, she waving. Yeah. Hey, how y'all doing? She done got a towel she dried off. And they What? Hell y'all ain't out the pool yet, but congratulations Katie Ledecky the first female to win a goal in the same event. Four different Olympics. Nice. So here we are. Jenny Thompson. Okay. Jenny Thompson. American. She had 12. Emma McKinnon, she has 12 Dar Torre, she has 12. Natalie Coler, she has 12. Allison Smith 10 and oh I don't know her.


This German and this Leslie Jones has nine, but Emma McKinnon is still swimming. So she just Yeah, she just won the backstroke Goal. Oh, okay. Okay. I think, if I'm not mistaken, she just won the two under backstroke goals. Woo. So she's still swimming. So Ledecky can't let up. But we got the top two spots right now. And I think that's it. Swimming is over, isn't it? The mixed relay was the last, unless they got the individual, the women's individual medley and what they, what they swimming.


Okay. Medley Australians. Hey. Yeah. Hey, so we need, we need, hey, the men need to get a gold medal. This will be the first time in 120 years. Right. If the men don't win an individual goal in swimming, it'll be the first time in 120 years that we haven't medal have got gotten a gold medal in swimming. My goodness. Matter of fact, I I got a question for you real quick. Yeah. The 200, 400 what? No, how about the a hundred meters semis? When, when is that? Tomorrow you talking about Yeah, for the men. So is this morning like what, Tomorrow? Tomorrow, tomorrow. Four in the morning. Tomorrow the semis and the finals are Tomorrow four or five in the morning.


Yeah, I guess what time did they start? Because They, they six hours ahead. I mean, from, for me they six hours ahead. So I, i I wanna make, I, I wanna make sure, because I wanna make sure I go to bed after this fight tonight because I, I don't wanna miss, actually I might as well. I might as well just pull the all nighter because I'm not, I'm not missing that because you, you gotta think Crawford Crawford and dude fight night fight tonight. Maybe 11 o'clock. So that won't go off to one. So I might, I might as well stay up the next three hours. Yeah. Is it the pre prelims? Come on at about 10 minutes to four your time. So I'm, I'm gonna just, I'm gonna pull all nighter then I might as well just stay up the whole night. Okay. Bet Yeah.


That's the only all nighter you gonna pull watching tv. You can't pull what? Like o on that Red Bull? Nah, nah, nah, nah. Wait, hold on. Wait. You Should be able to pull the all nighter two. Because look Crawford, I could Crawford Crawford fight at 1130. I ain't talking, I ain't talking that all night. I'm talking about what All night you talking about? Yeah. On Red Bull aint them the diamonds. Oh no, I can't, I can't, I can't do that on, I can't do that. Yeah, I know. Itt it, I all night. You gonna, I can, I can't do that. I can't do that. Listen, you, you get your three minutes and that's it. If you don't get yours when they get mad, you fresh outta fucking luck with me. I, I, I'ma, I'm a, I'm a I'm a cross country driver myself.


Hey, hit The horn. Hit the horn real quick. Hit the horn. You remember when you was a little kid? Yeah. In the back of the car. You the big Yeah man. United States women national team one, nothing over Japan. Trinity Rodman. An extra extra time goal. Lift the US to the Olympic semifinals. Japan shut down the front three of Rodman, Mallory Swanson and Sophia Smith for much of the game. Oh yeah. The trio had been so dominant in group stage, slowed in the knockout round for the first time in the Paris game. The US had to rely heavily on the defensive play until Robin was able to hit a upper 90.


Yeah. Shot to give the us the lead. Hey listen, hey we, we, we got a tough one coming up bro. Who? We got Germany? Yeah. Did we already beat Germany? We Beat Germany earlier. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold On. We putting that, put that thing on a four one I think. Hold on. Four one for the four one. Hold on now. Hold on now. Hold on, hold on. I know, I know, I know. I'm not tripping. It was four one last time. Yeah, you sure? Early. Did we play Germany? We played Germany early.


Didn't the US play Germany women? Nah, I'm, I must be, I must be tripping. I'm almost certain we, we, nah, we beat Belgium. Yeah, I I was gonna say what? No, I oh one, We got something for them Too. Yeah, well we listen, we gonna run Now. We beat, we beat. Hold on. Yeah, we beat Germany. Oh one. You sure? Yeah. Okay. Okay. We opened up a fresh Can. Yeah, Because they had gotten stale over there.


So we opened up a fresh can of whip ass on him. It over. I like it. Oh Joe, We had this discussion. Yes sir. I may, what's I made Kif dealt with a very emotional week with tons of people online questioning her gender Right. And calling her name. And she let it all out after her quarter final win. The Algerian Olympian beat hung Anna Luca, Ari this morning winning by unanimous decision in a quarterfinal match. And tears immediately came pouring down her face. She's guaranteed at least the bronze. Now you do realize Ocho, this is not her first time fighting.


Nobody said anything when she was getting Molly walk. Ain't nobody said women beating a man. Ain't nobody said a word. Now she been fighting. Yeah. For a Minute Now. The Italian woman said, well I wanna apologize. Right. Because I didn't want to call the firestorm. Yeah, really? You got punched in the face. Look, if you don't like getting punched in the box, got you. Probably shouldn't be boxing. You gotta block. No, you, if you don't like getting hit, you can't, you can't box because even Mayweather done got punched in the face. Oh yeah. True. It's It's like if you like, man, man, they'd be hitting out there. There are a lot of basket, there are a lot of football players that's playing basketball. That's what, that's what, that's what, that's what football will do.


It'll make you go play a dunk Park. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Make a man at you and now all of a sudden make a man at you. Now All of a sudden, the people that was criticizing, well, I didn't know. Well I didn't know. Well you should have known stop trumpeting. Mm. Because you know who doing this man that Russian propaganda, Russian, that's why they took it away from him Right now if she done called this firestorm, oh, I ain't never been hit so hard in my life. And you wanna talk about you. Sorry. Right. You remember how I said no sir, sir, now you see how one person said this and it got parroted and it got carried. That's why I say people like, oh, that words don't hurt. No. Yeah, they got a whole nation, A Whole millions billions of people talking now.


Where where are they running with the same thing? Ain't nobody say no where, where are they now? Yeah, Where they now? Yeah. Y'all done ruin you out on Impuning? This women's, this woman's reputation. Her good name. Yeah. Where, where you now, now when she was losing, ain't nobody said a word. Ain't nobody said that's a man getting beat by women. Yeah, She went a little bit. Oh, that's what's up Baby. Oh she got this. Oh, she got that. Where was that before? Right? It was losing here. Mm Dang. I Said man, y'all need to Yeah, That, that's, that's messed up man.


That's messed up. Yeah. Ruin. It's awful. Oh, you came here early tonight. Hi baby. I look a hot mess. I can't come on camera today. Hi baby. Say hi to unc. Say hi. Unc. Say say hi unc. Oh, where's my Nightcap gear? I love you Ocho. Ocho should give you the short Me. She ain't getting these bro. I'm wearing, I'm wearing this all week. See how y'all do. I'm gonna have to call Ash because y'all just, y'all treat me like the redhead stepchild over here. Listen, ask her.


Ask her what? My humble baddies, I ain't got. My humble baddies are. Well this said what you call 'em. Yeah. This might, this might, they might have thought they was sending this to you. Now you can wear them on Because I Then you wear them to the, to the gym. Man, I can't man, look here, Tell Ashley Ahead. They trying to get me to squeeze Texas and Georgia. I can't get nothing in those man. Please baby. Maybe Justin A. Good world because he was a spreader. I think Justin weigh like 1 65, 1 70. Yeah. So they might be perfect for him, but, Oh man, Everybody keep talking. Lemme ask you a que So can you have, so can a man have fallopian tubes? Ah, man. Oh, come on now.


How could a man have fallopian Tube? Oh, they keep talking. They keep talking about XY chromosome XY chromosome equal, equal, man. So I'm just saying, can a man have fallopian to it? You know what, you know what? I, I didn't, when I had anatomy, you know I skipped class, I skipped class. So I'm, I'm, I'm kind of out of this one, you know? 'cause I, I went to Yale, I went to Harvard. But anatomy high school, I ain't pay attention. I'm gonna let y'all have that one. A man having a fallopian tube, Man. They just look, they just, they, they just, they just want, They, they make, they, they just wanna talk. Everybody, they just wanna lie. I think, I think we're in agreement agreeance that men should not compete against women.


Even if you start, if you start as a biological man, you choose to live your life. If you choose to live your life as a woman, have at it. You have my blessing. When you try to compete against women after you started as a man, you do not have my blessing. I'm against that. Yeah. I mean every, everyone should feel the same. If you, if you are born with an app, if you are born, and there are situations where women are born with an XY chromosome, but they have the internal organs. That's just me. Yeah, I mean that just, you, it should be everybody.


No, but see, but that, but that, that won't, that won't fit. We gotta, we gotta make it fit. Right. Okay. My bad, my bad. I'm, I'm gonna let that one go. I'm gonna let that one go. Yeah. Wow. Shout out to Ronald Herdon who just ordered six Nightcap Olympic shirt. Y'all like appreciate that Ocho, ocho man, look here man. Appreciate. I'm gonna have to take my necklace back. You see you boy O Joe. You see that? I saw you looking at Joe. You Saw that? What's that? That's something new. Yeah, I can't see. You see it? It's so far. All them diamonds are on me. Hey. Yeah. Hey, two times. Hold on man. You, Hey, I got diamonds of rubies in mine now. I see that. Yeah. I gotta take mine back.


I gotta pay, I gotta pay, I gotta pay a that world record. So. Yeah, I mean, shoot. Hey, you got, you want me to let you hold something? Hey look. Yeah. Hey, lemme get a loan. I can't pay back. You talking About, you talking about watches. You see that? You see that auto mall? That ain't no hub, bro. That's tomorrow. You know what? That, you know what that run, you know where that blue boy run? That ain't no auto mall. That ain't no ap. What? Don't play me. That's, that's Antonio Pierce. Shoot Me. Don't play me, you. Hey, You ain't got that ceramic, you ain't got that blue ceramic Gocho. Listen That. Hey, lemme tell you something. That Nightcap money good boy. Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, I got the glasses to match too.


And I got the little ring to match too. You know I ain't playing. Shoot the, the ring ceramic too. Hold on. Lemme show you my shorts just in case They ain't see it. You see my, see my Nightcap shorts and you ain't see I got the hey, the blue, the blue cartiers for it too. Now. Stop playing now. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't got, I'm feeling air. I'm feeling every bit of Florida tonight. Yeah. I stop playing with me. Yeah. I gotta take this back. I call the jewel on the way home and say, bro, I gotta send this back. Yeah. Don't worry about it. If you need, hey, you need a loan, you need a loan, let me know. I say my money jump funny. If You need a loan, let me know. Huh? Hey, let one thing about it, but I'm gonna take you from behind that bar. I'm gonna make you a star. You hear me? Yeah. I appreciate that.


Yeah. Hey, put that whiskey down on. Let's get a little risky now. Shit. I got you now. Nah, I done got, I done got, I done got a a, a, you know, a little something, something, you know. Yeah. I was doing good till they broke the world rocket and I hadn't even showered. I, I like, man, I hadn't even showered. I mean, I was like, well damn am my my, my Twitter feet blowing up. Yeah, Man. I cut on the thing and they replayed it and made that done broke the world record. And then Vernon Norwood, he and my DM talking about, what's he talking? I what's good He done got, he done got me a, what's it call talking about Run me my money. Oh yeah. A that North Carolina a&t meme. Hey, that's so funny.


That's so funny. Yeah. He, he my deal talking about run me my money. I got y'all covered man. I got, I got you covered time. Now it's time for our last segment of the night. If q and a. Oh Yeah. Hey, hey. I, hey, the night we good boy. Yeah, man, You know what, you know what my favorite part of the night was? See, we, we ain't done it in a long time. When we did the football, when we did the football theme going back and forth. I like that shit. I like that. Because we don't, we don't, we don't do that enough. The last time me and you got like, that was when we did, when you told me to pick between the boxes that, that, that's dog. That's the, that's the, that's the best shit when we And you big up, what's it call it?


It's a, it's a funny thing. People in the chat really think we arguing, but they don't understand. That's how we talk. Like, I'm talking when it's like, when This conversation Yeah, When it's serious though. Like a serious conversation. Yeah. People, people think we arguing but we ain't arguing. Man. Let's see. Lainey Ray says, Hey guys, I'm traveling so probably won't be, won't see this being read, but just wanted to say run. Don't walk. Get your Nightcap Olympic merch. I already ordered mine. Can't wait to get those blue shorts. Well, I couldn't wait to get mine either Laney Ray, but unfortunately I can't wait to get a pair that fit.


Double J 2285 says, Hey guys, what do you think of being disqualified for a false start? False start and four years of work is over before it started. Love the show. Well that's, that's the way it is now. Because what transpired was guys were got when men and women was jockeying around with the start and you four or five starts trying to gain a competitive advantage that says, okay, we gonna stop this one. And you gone. Yeah, it's tough. It's very tough. It's very, very tough. I mean, can you imagine four years being in a situation? Ocho you trained four years in a fall starting. That's crazy. Nightcap baby.


Hey, I got me an outfit for the rest of the month. Yeah, it's tough.


If it sounds like I'm lying down, it's because I'm reclined to 180 degrees in my lazboy recliner. Lazboy wants to remind you to take some time for yourself and enjoy some lazy time. After a long day of errands, chores and your nine to five, you deserve to nap. Like no one's watching on a La-Z-Boy recliner. And you deserve to pick up the remote and not put it down except to grab more snacks. Of course. So put on your com AST sweatpants and get reclining in a La-Z-Boy recliner today. You've earned it.


I love my Hyundai Hyundai's most electric ev lineup changes the way that you look and feel about EVs, especially Hyundai EVs. Love my Hyundai. My IX six was awesome. I'm talking about this thing would charge like crazy too. Ultra fast charging in the Ioni five and ionic six from 10 to 80% in as little as 18 minutes using a 350 kilowatt, 800 volt DC ultra fast charger. So that's super fast. And like those words and stuff, like I even get confused a little bit. But it's super fast tech confused with standard safety features like highway driving assist, blind spot collision warning. Plus you get America's best warranty with a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EV lineup has everything that you've been yearning for on your next or your first EV boldly captivating your senses. Learn more about Hyundai evs@hyundaiusa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. America's best warranty claim based on total package of warranty programs. See dealer for limited warranty details. See your Hyundai dealer for further details and limitations.


My uncontrollable movements called TD tardive. Dyskinesia felt embarrassing. I felt like disconnecting. I asked my doctor about treating my TD and learned about Ingrezza. A prescription medicine clinically proven for reducing TD in adults. It's the only TD treatment that's always one pill once daily and it's number one prescribed. And people taking Ingrezza can stay on most mental health meds. Ingrezza Fal, benazine capsules can cause depression. Suicidal thoughts or actions in patients with Huntington's disease. Pay close attention to and call your doctor if you become depressed, have sudden changes in mood, behaviors, feelings, or have thoughts of suicide. Don't take Ingrezza if you're allergic to its ingredients. Ingrezza may cause serious side effects, including angioedema, potential heart rhythm problems and abnormal movements. Report fevers stiff muscles or problems thinking as these may be. Life-threatening sleepiness is the most common side effect. Take Control by asking your doctor about Ingrezza. Learn more@ingrezza.com. That's I-N-G-R-E-Z-Z a.com.


GMAC two said ook that medal. Shout out to San Lucia. Well deserved. Alfred is from St. Catherine High in Jamaica. Well, I don't know what, where she from? She represents St. Lucia. Yeah. Oh, St. Lucia. They pay a lot of money for metal gold medal, don't they? They do. How much they pay? Yeah. I think they pay a lot. Yeah. See, I know. So they probably, man, true Julian man. Because she, she went, she ran the University of Texas. She went to ut? Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's a lie. Am I baby, baby girl, Shari, she gonna, she gonna be all right. She gonna be back next year. I mean not. I'm talking about next year. She gonna be back.


Wait, hold, hold us. Hold is Mitch Richardson. 24? That's it. Oh, we, oh we good. We good. We good. Joe Johnson. ISO Joe donated a hundred dollars and said yo uncle no Joe. Whenever y'all come to Atlanta, come join me for some hot yoga at, at my iso Joe. Hey that Joe. That Joe, Joe. That joke. For real. Yeah, I know. Yeah. That's Really Joe. Goddamn damn iso Joe. Man, boy, I put, I put your head in the bucket boy. Play me one-on one. I come to Atlanta. You beat me one-on-one and I do hot yoga. How about that? Hey gimme mad man. I take, I take Joe off the post.


Man. Bad. Yeah. Hot yoga all the time. I don't know about you O Joe. It be, I yoga, it be some stretching going on in a lot of sweat. That bera, you know I'm good at Bera Bikram. That's the hot yoga where they put you in that room about 110 degrees and you have your sweat, sweat. Why? Why, why, why? The room gotta be hot. Right. I don't understand how people, Hey joke. 'cause Hey, hey, on on. Tell me something. Hey Joe. I know you listening baby. Tell me something, man. Like I don't see, I can't sit still. I can sit still and play video games for eight, nine hours a day. I can do that. How do you sit down and do downward dogs and, and, and just quiet and, and do all this stuff like, and no entertainment?


No nothing. Like I, I never understood it. But Joe, for you, when I come that, matter of fact, when we go to the show, when we do the show in Atlanta August 22nd, I'm gonna fly in a few days early. Yeah. Joe, I'm gonna do hot yoga. I don't see how you sit. I can't sit still. I couldn't sit still in high school. I couldn't sit still in kindergarten. I don't see how y'all sit still for, for hot yoga. Like, you not doing nothing. Yeah, there's no entertainment. You, You can see, you could sit still because see right there. See if your mom or your grandma cut your ass, you could sit still. It's amazing how I couldn't sit still either in class. Oh. But when I got home Yeah. When my grandma said sit your ass down on my couch. Right. But that's different. That's, that's aau, that's author talk anytime.


Anytime it's author, you know I'm gonna sit down. Yeah. I mean a lot of these symptoms that kids get got diagnosed with now. Right. My grandma beat that outta us and you from the south. I can just speak to people in the south. If you from the south, y'all know exactly what I'm talking about. A DH, adhd, all that. Hey, it wasn't no such thing, huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right up outta you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's funny. Oh, that's funny. Speak, you know. Hey, I, I had to get older before I aint worked on my list and my, I had a Stutter.


Right, right. My grandpa say, Hey boy, hey, start over. I'm gonna cut your ass if you don't slow it down, man. My man. You thought my, oh, you thought my, my cousin was goddamn Dr. Ke. Hell nah Man. A man, them old people man. Them old people. Not, Not back then. Like the kids about, oh, he got a DH, adhd, all that, all that excessive talking and no. And interrupting the class. What? Let a, let that, let that teacher say send him something one more time. Send something home again, Man.


Sorry. Damn. Now you can't Today Man. Old people play today. You can't Well you can't, you can't touch your child today. Can't touch 'em. No. No. Hell no. But see, and they know that. Yeah. That's why. And if, but see, there was just a, a certain level, not, not everybody Right. But there's just a certain level of a respect. Right. Where I grew up. Anybody that was older than you Could correct. Oh yeah. Always, always. You know, if they saw you doing something wrong. Hey little hey, hey little boy always. What you doing? You want me, you want me, you want me to tell you want me to tell Miss Mayor? Oh, You don't Want that? No Ma'am. You don't want that. Oh, hey boy. If I tell, if I tell Mr. Barney there was a level of respect.


Right. There was a level of correction if in the community Yeah. Talk back the note. You ain't my bomb. You don't tell me what to do. I ain't never, I ain't never nobody say that. That did. You would've pick your boy. You would've picking your teeth off the flow. Yeah. The funny thing about it is it take a village back then and the village did what they were supposed to do. Now if you do something wrong, yeah. Whoever catch you doing wrong, they gonna whoop you and wait until your parents get home. When your parents get home, you gonna get whooped again. Get it again. Yes. Yes. Think about, think about all the videos today, aunt. Think about all the videos you see of kids talking back to their parents pulling away from their parents talking trash.


I don't want to be here no more. I don't know why you even had me. I'm sick of this shit. What? What? Mm man. Yeah. Bad of old people. Hey, hey Barney Porter say, Hey boy, don't make me, don't make me chew this food twice. Like what do you mean by saying chew that food twice? He ain't wanna repeat himself. He, Hey, hey, I'm, what do you mean by that? Okay. Hey, I can hear the more people that play ocho. Yeah. I could hear my grandma nine man, I could hear my grandma nine. I I beg, I would beg my teachers not to write me a referral.


Please don't write me a referral. You not gonna have no more problems. No more. Mind you, I was at Miami B, senior high as a freshman. My, my grandma was right around the corner at Nautilus Middle School. So she purposely wouldn't let me go to the schools in the inner city so she can keep an eye on me if there were any problems, she can get to me real fast. Right Here I go still acting up and she right around the corner. Oh, so you still wanna act up? Oh, we get home. Oh, they done call me and I heard about your referral. Do me a favor, go out there and get me a switch. Mind you. Yeah. I go out there and find a, I try to go get the smallest switch I can find off the mango tree.


Ain't no mangoes now, but I'm on the mango tree trying to get the smallest switch I can find. Now if you bring me a switch that too small, I'm gonna go out there and get the switch. My goddamn damn self not play around if you want to. Yes, man, I used to run No too. Huh? My grandma catch spanking Spank ain't catch another here. Oh. Catching spanking. Oh, Shannon hit that. Yeah. Hey. And I would get another beating because I, you know, I push the screen though. Right. And them push the screen out the door. Now flies Mosquito gonna be coming to the house. Boy. My grandma heart.


Oh boy. She gonna tear my ass up when I get home. You know what? I stayed out there for about four or five hours in them branches. The mosquitoes getting bad now. On Charlie, man. Oh man. Lemme go on back and take this boy, lemme take this. I remember Them days, man. I, I, I miss, I miss, I miss, I miss Old Bessie May Flowers, man. God, we got, I got some stories, boy. Yeah, I got some stories, man. If acting up in school, all they had to do is say, Hey, you don't want me to call Miss Mary, do you? Nope. I don't. Damn. And hey, and they already know. Yeah boy, Barney Porter came out there. It gonna be hell to pay now.


It gonna be hell to pay. Oh Man. So I gonna be on my best behavior. Damn, Dr. Frank. Hey guys, you have been told to do a play on the field, but ignore Coach because you knew the play was better. Hell Nah, Nah. Hell nah. I Haven't, if any, if anything, the quarterback had the jurisdiction Yeah. To change it based on what he saw in front of him but us. Yeah. Oh hell, I ain't had that kind of, I I changed the play one time. For real. I did, I didn't change the play. I changed me. I switched positions with Carswell. Oh, Okay, okay, okay. Okay. So you, so did the Ball though, you did the ball the same?


Yeah, but I, the one time I should have switched positions. It was the time in 93 and we had a, we had like a, we had a tight, a double tight end tiger. The off Offite, it was called Tiger. Some people call it F Fly. Right. But if I'd have done it Ocho, I'd had a thousand yards. So I'd had 4,000 Yard seasons in A row. I had 2, 9, 6. Yeah. I had 9, 6, 9 7. I'd had nine. Oh, I'd have four 1000 yard receiver season because I ended up five yards short. But, but it was, it was a situation where I thought, looking at the Forbes, looking at what they was doing defensively, I could get down there and influence the safety quicker than Carswell could.


But I didn't think that they was going to change the coverage because of the position that I was in. Right. The reason why they was going to play the coverage that they was gonna play is because I was gonna be the type the tiger. Right. And he was gonna be the, I mean the, the, the y once I, once I flipped it, well they flipped the So Break room, what are your three top comedian movies of all time? And thank you guys for what you do. Whoa, Say that again. What are your your top three com comedies, movies of all time.


Oh, That's easy. Let, I'm, I'm gonna start top three movie comedies of all time life coming to America and Harlem Nights Easy. Anytime they own, I I can watch 'em, I can watch it over and over and over and over. It's like an episode of Martin. It doesn't matter where Martin is. If I see it on tv, I can watch it. The same thing. Yeah. Life coming to America, Harlem Nights, it don't matter, Man. I, that's it. I I I can't even, I can't even argue with that one. Golly. Life is, life was, oh man. Harlem Nights. Yeah. I can't, I can't even argue with you. Yeah, I can't, I can't. I love Blue Street with Martin. Oh yeah. With a pizza. Yeah, that was, that was a good one. Hey, while Youdriving nut professor.


Yeah. The first one with Eddie Murphy and he played all the characters around the table. It was Good. It was good. It was good, man. Eddie did it. Eddie did that one. Potato said, I've been trying to order shape by La Poitier, but it's unavailable to ship to Indiana. I still love y'all though. Hopefully we come to Indiana soon. We're, and I don't know why y'all, I don't know why y'all, we won't ship to Indiana, but potato, I appreciate that, bro. I appreciate the love, I appreciate the support you guys have, have shown me with Shaa by La Porter. I said that, man, that was a great one, man.


I, we really appreciate, man. This is a, there's a nine hour difference between where Justin is and where we are on the west coast. Yeah. There's a six hour difference between where he is and where you are. Oto. Yeah. And for him to stay up that late night, that's dope. And say, Hey, I'm gonna come on with you guys, blah, blah, blah. We got a couple of, excuse me. We've got a couple of other people that could potentially come on. And so hopefully the, that'll, that'll pan out because it would be very interesting to have these, these men and women on, and some of them are participants at the, the Paris Olympics. So guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Please make sure you hit that like button.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. That is your favorite number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber is greatly, greatly appreciated. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We are taking pre-orders And. we should have those orders filled there within, within a week. We, because we have the inventory in there to, to handle all, all of your requests, please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company.


84. That's 84, spelled out our Olympic merch. What Ocho and I have on, we have t-shirts and shorts. Although these don't fit nobody I know. Our living merch just, just dropped. And the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Use Code Olympics. All you already know, the quality is exceptional. Thank Justin Nephew. I really appreciate that we had breaking down today's race, five time Olympic medalist, 12 time world champion medalist a 2004 Olympic champion in a hundred meters. A 2015 world champ and the 25th, 20 2005, 2017 World Champ in a hundred meters.


He doubled it up in oh five because he won the 200 meters also and he was a winning member of the two 2019 World Champion four by four meter relay. Justin Gatlin join us for over an hour talking about today's race and projecting of what he thinks gonna happen in the men's a hundred, 200, as well as the women 200. So again, guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm he's Ocho We're back tomorrow. The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar may fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy.


Here they come, those nighttime cravings. When you wanna sit back and enjoy your favorite movie with something decadent. Ooh yum. Remix your evening snack with New light and fit remix. It's a remix of your favorite light and fit yogurt with indulgent mix-ins like Graham crackers and dark chocolate with full on flavor and up to 120 calories per serving, you can satisfy that craving without sacrificing your goals. New light and fit Remix Yogurt. Pick up light and fit remix at your favorite grocer. Now


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from planners, Skippy Nabisco Terra Cheez-It Lunchables, and Sparkling Ice. For lunchbox surprises. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.