
This is an iHeart podcast


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you. As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Future health weight loss Wa ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need Wegovy for $399, all in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time, no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com Future without the e Future Health Weight Loss Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not healthcare services provider meds are prescribed a provider's discretion.


The volume We have a new NBA champ, the OKC Thunder. Take down the Indiana Pacers 1 0 3 to 97 to win the first championship. The celebration is going ongoing. Shaa is probably gonna win the MVP Great series. It goes seven game Tyrese. Halliburton goes down late in the first quarter. And You know, and I think that everybody's gonna say they had Halle, maybe the outcomes we would've been different, but we'll never know.


The OKC Thunder cap off a great regular season. 68 wins in the regular season and they take home the championship 1 0 3 91 over the Pacers 4, 3, 7 game series. What an outstanding game. We have a jam packed show for you tonight. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, the third member of our team, university of Arkansas, alum Arkansas Native, born and raised. Here he is, ISO Joe. Hello Johnson. And joining us to cap off this championship week.


Y'all know him. University of Charlotte finals MVP in 1981. Series four two. Win over the Houston Rockets here later. Gentlemen, Cedric Cornbread. Man, I-I-I-I-I-I really felt it was, it was a great series. Nobody picked Indiana. Indiana deserved so much more credit. But You know, when you lose your best player, Chad would tell you, you lose your best player that early in the game you were never able to recover. I don't care what happened, that it was more like it was at the end of the game that's it was gonna happen. My, my buddy Teon kept telling me that, no, no, they're gonna lose the best player.


They can still win. Now when you lose your best player, it's hard as hell to win. I gotta use one that Chad's line, God man got hurt. That's what he did. Goddamn man got hurt. Hey, hey, Brad Corn Brett, I'm glad you, I'm glad you said that. And, and, and that that speaks to the fact that obviously Joe and I had a bet on, I'm not sure if we put any money or we put a wage on him, but honestly Joe, if you real one, if you are a real one, the fact that You know got hurt, let, let, let me let stay, stay with me. Damn. Real quick. Damn. Damn. All in. Wait, wait, wait. Finish lady. Okay. Alright, come on man. If you a real one. If you was a real one, the fact that the Pacers were handicapped and ha Halliburton got hurt, you taking my money knowing that the pace was short handed and I, I guess I ain't a real one.


Ocho, I I need my Run It. Run it. I ain't trying to hear that bread. Whatcha talking about? So whatcha Talking about, You know what Joe? Joe, what you doing? Sure. Hey, lemme go bring over. I got freeze. Make sure you hit that subscribe button. Lemme get through the, we got, we got ahead. Please, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and guys go subscribe to the night podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for joining us. We really appreciate your support. You've been with US fans for the last two years. You guys rolled with OCHO and I thinking Finn, last year our basketball analyst was Gail.


This year is Joe. Hopefully we can get Joe back again. Brett chimed in three or four times four and we greatly appreciate everybody and we appreciate you tuning in To watch each and that every one of these guys, please make sure you check out Shea by La Poitier. We do have it in stock. Now if you can't find it in the city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The best tasting V-V-S-O-P cognac on the market. Please drink responsible and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they are gone. But all right, so Joe had a big win today.


We'll talk about that a little later. But OKC wins his first championship. Now they do have a championship. They left the Seattle name up in Seattle. They did win a championship. What was that, 79? There was something like that. Man, Dennis Johnson was there. So guns, the wizard, Jack Sigma, Marvin Webster, them some bad ball. But OKC caps off a great regular season. 68 wins in the regular season and they finish it off the way they were supposed to. They have the MVP of the league in Shea Gil just, and they win it 1 0 3 to 91 4 3 7 game series. Joe, I'm gonna go to you first. I thought the theory, I thought the game turned in the third quarter.


Seven turnovers by the Pacers, none by the thunder. 34 to 20. If you do a better job of taking care of the basketball, I thought they got out, rebound. They, I mean it was simple stuff. You know, you going around the two bank, you let the guy punch the ball out from the back, you get the rebound and then all of a sudden you lose it outta bound on on your own. You can't have careless turnovers like that. As Brad said, when you are undermanned, your best player is down, you nearly, you need to play a damn near perfect ball game. And the one thing you can't do is turn the ball over. Joe. When you saw this early in the game, Tyree Halliburton seemed like he had it going early. 3D threes was playing extremely well. But we talked about this, I said, man, we gotta be careful with this calf because the same thing they said about kd, oh, it's his calf.


It is his calf. And you saw him with to make that certain burst and then all of a sudden you can see it when they showed it showed slow motion to the replay. You see that thing roll up and it's very, very unfortunate. He's probably gonna be gone until the 2026 season because it happened so late. He's not coming back. But okay, C Joe, they were the best team from start to finish and they finish. Yeah, they did. It was, Hey look, it's been a great series, man. First off, we gotta give, we gotta get a pace of credit. You know, just, I'm talking about throughout the whole postseason on OCHO Red, You know, they've been obviously resilient. They've been counted out and still been kicking and finding ways to win ball games.


I felt it was gonna be tough for him to win this game when Halle bur went out. But I thought he came out aggressive and You know, Indiana came out like they, You know, like they knew what time it was. I thought him Jock was pretty aggressive. They were making shots and it was a teeter-totter game early. And like you said in that, in that third quarter, all of a sudden you lose it out a bound on, on your own. Yeah. You can't have careless turnovers like that. As Brad said, when you are undermanned your best player is down, you nearly, you need to play a damn near perfect ball game. Yeah. And the one thing you can't do is turn the ball over. Joe. When you saw this early in the game, Tyree Halliburton seemed like he had it going early. Three deep threes Yeah. Was playing extremely well. But we talked about this, I said, man, we gotta be careful with this calf because the same thing they said about kd, oh, it's his calf is his calf.


And you saw him went to make that certain burst and then all of a sudden you could see it when they showed it showed slow motion to the replay. That Ripple. You see that thing roll up? Yeah. And it's very, very unfortunate. He's probably gonna be gone until the 2026 season because it happened so late. He's not coming back. But okay, C Joe, they were the best team from start to finish and they finished it off. Yeah, they did. It was, Hey look, it's been a great series, man. First off, we gotta give, we gotta get a pace of credit, You know, just, I'm talking about throughout the whole postseason on Ocho. Yep. Bridge, You know, they've been obviously resilient. They've been counted out and still been kicking and finding ways to win ball games.


I felt it was gonna be tough for him to win this game when Halle Bird went out. But I thought he came out aggressive and You know, Indiana came out like they, You know, like they knew what time it was. I thought him Stockham was pretty aggressive. They were making shots and it was a teeter tie game early. And like you said in that, in that third quarter, the separation was they beat 'em 32 to 10 off point points off turnovers. OKC had 32 points off they turnovers. And I think that was, that was the biggest difference of the game. But give OKCA lot of credit, they did what they had to do. They closed 'em out on they home court. Man, it was a great series fellas or great series. Yo, I, I can't believe you didn't give glory to God when you were about seeing all that. That's how he always thought that when you glory to God out there, you beat, but you didn't even go there.


You know, I, I think it was, it was a tremendous series. It was a, a series. I think Carlisle coached his ass off. I think, man, TJ McConnell was what Joe would say, Joe, he was a water bug. And I know I could hear you. I know you in your damn your house. Yes ass somebody. I know. That's what happened. Oh, Joe, when, when games go like this to me it's almost scripted at the end. OKC had nothing. I mean, I look at Indiana had nothing to lose. They had nothing to lose. They played early, they played well early, but you could see the bubble that all the air just go out the bubble when, when it happened.


And, and the injury. Same thing happened with the CELs. When Tatu went down, it was just a matter of time before, before the team was over. G Ocho. Man, I'm, I'm hurt. Huh? I'm hurt. Obviously Halliburton coming out as aggressive as, as he did. I really felt, and I I whole, I wholeheartedly really felt good. Not just about this game, but about them coming away with that win. And I think that would've been the outcome had he not gotten hurt. TJ McConnell played very well. CICan played very well. And the fact once he went down they still competed. Huh? They still competed. You know, You know, You know, they kept the game very close. But the turnovers, it, it, it hurt.


Not only did the turnovers hurt, they score, I mean the thunder wave able to score points on those turnovers and I mean, it is what it is. I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm just kind of sad. I'm kind of sad 'cause I thought Joe was a a, a better friend than fact that the Pacers were handicapping. He still is willing to take, take that money from me. You know, it just, I mean, it is what it is. Ain't Hey, hey Joe, Joe, tell him you lose your job. The mortgage company still want their payment. Hello? Hello. Yeah. They still want their payment. Hey look, I understand, You know, some unfortunately has happened Ocho, but I I I gotta tell you bro, I'm sorry but they ain't got nothing to do with me. You hear me? Yeah, I got you.


Yeah, I got you. Do it all to no one. Surprise. Shaa was just named finals MVP. Right? Right. So he's the regular season MVP Western Conference, MVP finals, MVP average 30 points, five and a half assist one po or almost two steals a game, one and a half block shots per game. And he is only 26 years of age. Mm. I got A question. I'm glad you just said that. And I think about everything you just named off, he's won of Ring already. He was the MVP this season. Now we talked about this a very, for a very long time, all throughout the NBA season, you said you would take joke of SGA, now you ring. Yeah, I, yeah. Would you still take, would you still take Yeah, SGA Still? Yeah, because Yoic got a ring too. You remember Yoki did all that too?


I know, I'm, I'm just asking. I hear you better. I wanted to see if, if, if your mind had changed. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And and that's not the, and that's not the takeaway. Anything from Jay, from Shaa. Yes sir. He's a phenomenal player. Yeah, but I mean, you're talking about, I mean, and, and you like really splitting hairs. So you looking at Shaa, you looking at Yoic, you looking at Giannis, I think, I think those are the three best players. Maybe you're sprinkling Luke or something when he's healthy and going. Yeah, but Shay, I mean to be 26 years of age, they brought him in. He, You know, kinda learned under Chris Paul and then they turned the organ Brad, they turned the organization over to a kid. That was what, 22, 23 years of age. They Did. But here's the thing, should say Shannon.


And when you, you talk to Ocho, the supporting cast, you look at the best supporting cast at the end of the day, you can look at OKC with the supporting cast. Lou Dork looked like he shouldn't have been playing with the, with the Cleveland Browns, the way he was knocking guys back, that big body, the way he was saying to do thing. The big question we're going to talk about later on, gentlemen, is this, we, you talk about three guys who were the MVPs when they were with the Thunder, they couldn't get it done. Harden, Westbrook and Durant, they couldn't get it done. But now they've gone to a, a smaller, more effective lineup. Not as big as stars, but they still won.


But those three guys that you talk about that that supporting cast they had that they should have won one or two. They should, they kept, well they let James Harden, you remember they went to the championship, they lost to the heat and then the next year for $5 million, they let James Harden go to the Rockets. And that was kind of the beginning of, and we, we gonna talk about this a little later. Every last one of those guys that started in OKC somehow find a way to get to get to the Rocket. You know, it started with hard Yeah. Then Russ and now kd. So we'll get into that a little later. But you're absolutely right because you look at these two teams, what do they have bench players? Yeah. Their bench players play extremely well. They're very deep teams.


You look at Obie Topp and them play well tonight, but he normally plays well. But you got Mather, he gave you 24. TJ McConnell gave you 16. So that's 40 points. You got 42 points from your bench. Yeah. You really can't complain like that about that. McConnell just didn't have a good ga He played well offensively, but the turnovers, He had A lot of careless turnovers tonight. He had seven, they had 21, they had seven turnovers in the third quarter when OKC really opened up the, the game game. I mean, 'cause they would had a one point lead and now all of a sudden you start the fourth quarter and you're down 13. So you go from plus one to minus 13. And a large part had to do with the turnovers. You lost the turnover battle in that they did a great job of taking care of it.


And You know, this is how OKC played. They're very active with their hands, especially at home. That crowd is raucous and you just got careless with the basketball OKC this season number one in that rating. Number two all time. First in defensive rating, third in offensive rating, second youngest championship team in NBA history only behind the 1977 Portland Trailblazer. Yeah. You, You know, Led by Big raid. Yeah. You didn't mention one guy who was particularly affected in that thing. And it was really Alex Guso, nobody's gonna talk about the bald eagle. I know Shannon, that hurt you because there used to be a, a fake girl over there went there to kept me out.


But Alex Caruso was huge for them. Defensively, offensively he is able to shut the door and really contain guys. And he made their extremely tough for them, especially talking about those steels. He was part of that steel thing on play. He was, Hey, hey on Bri. I I I think y'all made great points, especially about they bench, You know, the others that they play well, obviously, You know, the more likely whoever bench plays well they team win. But to me, if you look at check HomeBridge, I think he was averaging 11 points throughout this, throughout this finals run tonight. He had 18 points, eight rebounds, five blocks, and he was six for eight from the field. Very efficient. So probably his best game.


Yep. I agree. If he plays well plus Shay and you got Williams playing, well it's, it's hard to beat them. They just hadn't got consistent play from Check Ridge. Yeah. You know what I mean? So if he, if he give them five blocks, he give you 18 to 22 points a night, and I think that's his next, that's his next ceiling to where he can be consistent on a night to night basis with these guys. Yeah. That's what's gonna make him a dynasty and make 'em hard to beat. But, You know, think about this Indiana dynasty. Yeah. Okay, Joe. No, I got, I, Hey, hey, hold on. Hey, before you go cornbread, I mean, Joe, listen, you talk about Dynasty right now after, after a 10, don't, the one, the one way to have a dynasty right, is to be able to keep your core group, group of guys together.


Now they just won a championship. Now what happens when you have players that deserve and want to get paid that don't wanna stay there because there no shades getting no, no, no shade getting ready to get paid. So players are gonna leave. So how you, how you gonna, how you gonna say dynasty, everything gonna change? I don't, I don't get that feeling from OKC and those guys, they look, I don't either as close niche group. And I think when you, when you win ocho, you, you have to go in the luxury tax, You know, everybody gets paid. That's, You know what I mean? Yep. They, they're a small market, but the fact that they, the one you mean to tell me you gonna let one of these cornerstone guys get outta here? You can't, You know it, it's good, it's good to say Joe, but them dead presidents, they change your mind a lot of times.


They ain't looking at they, they, they might think that, they might say that, but when you talking about the luxury taxes, you paying the guy 10 million, but now it projects out that you're paying in 30 million in a year now. Right. Teams get a chance in their mind. Sometimes they have, they might wanna pull back. I just like when you talk about dynasty, I'm looking away just last year, what people said about the s the CELs gonna win the championship again with Taylor and Brown and all those players, what happened? They didn't win. This is, this is where and and the NBA loves it and the fact that you have different teams winning championships 'cause it pro promotes all this just equilibrium among the teams


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. I IBM let's create


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty. The famed skincare brand created by Iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin, meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Hey, it's Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile. Now I was looking for fun ways to tell you that MIT's offer of unlimited premium wireless for $15 a month is back. So I thought it would be fun if we made $15 bills, but it turns out that's very illegal. So there goes my big idea for the commercial. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees, extra se mint mobile.com.


The fans don't like it though. No, the fan, the fans. Because the thing is red, the fans in the NBA are different than the fans of the NFL. Nah, because small market team, Pittsburgh small market, but they got ravenous fans and they've been cheering for the Steelers for 50, 60 years. Green Bay small market been cheering up to the years city. The n the NBA don't have that. You gotta go la you gotta go to New York, you gotta go Boston, you gotta go to these MA Chicago, these massive markets to get a following. Right? Because if not, it's just regional. Because think about it, your grandfather rooted for the Steelers and so when he had kids and they moved away, they don't live in Pittsburgh, right?


They're somewhere else, but they're still Steelers fans still Green Bay. They don't live in Green Bay. They're still Packer fans though. The Cowboys. They just, so that's how it has to be. But I think the thing is what the NBA can do, the players, the team OCHO that you're on, Joe and Brad, You know this. Yeah, I can give you that extra. I can you that fifth year. Yeah. I get, hey, you go somewhere, you only go get four, right? I can give you five fully guarantee. Now do you want four years at one 60 or do you want five years in 200? Well now you, You say that about small market teams live here. What is, what was Miami is that small market And and let's talk about is San Antonio was that a small market?


Those are, those Are small teams and they don't do no ratings market Teams. And the ratings were for those, The rating were terrible. Go look at, look at San Antonio brand. Look at San Antonio what they played. Look, and they had great look at, you had Dunkin, you had De Robinson, you had Parker, you had gin. It's, it's, it's different NFL market small markets versus NBA small Markets. I give you that. I look at Miami. Is Miami a small market? No. What? Nah, it's, it's not like, like no, I'm looking at small markets. I'm looking at like Indy, I'm looking at, I'm looking at like Mm People fees Right now.


And you talking about them, were them Were some of the most Fairweather fans I ever saw in my life? We go to the Who went the In Miami? Yeah. Oh yeah, For sure. Oh, I mean, Yes. Listen, they they market them People left the game early. Don't they left the game early and then when Ray Allen hit the shot, they wanted to get the ass back. They tried to come back in. Yeah, you right, they did. Don't tell me about a damn small market in your loyalty and this key culture. I, I believe what Shannon, but Brent. Brent. But You know how this worked now it same thing with la. If you don't win them fans not coming because there's too much to do. See when they're going to what, what, lemme ask you a question. What else are you going do in OKC?


What else are you gonna do at India besides go to a damn basketball game or watch the Indianapolis 500. That's true. So now in Miami, I got the beach on until I got South Beach, I got so much, I can do a lot la a lot Brad, You know how much is going on. So if you don't win in those markets, oh, oh bro, I Ain't coming. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, listen, the only people that will go, we talk about hardcore fans, fans that you win or losing that they will die and ride by you whether you win or losing. But when it comes to Miami or with any of the big market teams, the new the, the new New York LA's, the Miami's may, maybe, maybe Houston, I'm not sure if you consider Chicago. Chicago. Oh, Chicago another one. And the fans ain't coming.


They, they not sitting through that. They not spending their hard earned money. Especially in this goddamn economy. You mean tell you the economy messed up and we losing Nah, It says small markets. New Orleans, KC Milwaukee, San Antonio, Utah, Indiana, Charlotte. Mm Mm Hey, does that change? Hey, before you go TV Markets. We talking about TV markets now, right? I got you. Hey, I have a question too also, right? Yes. With, okay, like where people always want to go and play no matter what. They love to go play in Houston. They love to go play in Miami. They love to go and play in LA or Play Park.


Yes. Does, does the thunder and NGA win in the championship, does that attract suitors from the outside wanting to go play in OKC? There's only one thing. What, what else am I gonna do there if I don't go? What? So other, what other pro sporting event can I go to an Oklahoma City besides see the Sunday rodeo? See in Miami I can go, can I go see some, can I see football? Yeah. Can I see the Marvel? You can go To the rodeo. Shannon, go to the next rodeo, The black rodeo. Because remember San Antonio have to hit the road every year. Bread cut, they got the, they got the, what you call 'em coming, the rodeo coming through. Yeah. Indiana. So it's like Milwaukee. What, what else are you gonna do in Milwaukee besides go see the Bucks play, go to the Harley Davidson museum.


So there's only, I mean, when people have families and kids, they don't just want to like, Hey, hey babe, I'm home. What are we gonna do tonight? Everything boarded up. Yeah, I mean you got kids they wanna do stuff and if it's cold they can't do anything after September they're inside. How, how did, how did Pittsburgh, you such your problem. This is such a small market and you talk about the NFL, but how did they do it considering that's a You don't Late at night. Well what you gonna do? Ain't nothing. Ain't Nothing. Hold on Brandon. You got the Pirates, you got the Pirates you got and you got and you got the Steelers. And when the Steelers came up, the Steeler, think about the early seventies they dominated.


Yeah. And so now they're, they're putting that imprint on you man. The Steelers man. The Steelers. The Steelers. The Steelers. And so kids that had kids, they grew up Steelers fans. I grew up a Steelers fan. My mom was a Steelers fan. 'cause that they always on tv. Same thing with the Raiders. Oakland. Oakland. Small, small. But they a that's all you saw. And so once you got up age and you had kids, what do kids do? Take you to the game. Hey, they got a Cubs jersey on or they got a Celtics jersey on. And so you just pa it just passes down. Passes down. I like it. I look Brad, you said the NBA like this, but we've seen, we haven't seen anything like this.


Seven consecutive different Champs. Mm, I I Don't see anything brand. The ratings for this particular series. They, they, they weren't Love island. Love island got better ratings. I you gonna keep with a stack with y'all man. I'm just saying. Hey it was a good series. Hey Chad, don't they don't get upset with me Chad, but I'm just saying Love, love That red that really happened. Lemme give you a stat right here. J Dub this season he was an all star, all defense, all NBA and he's a champion. He's the youngest player since Kobe Bryant to achieve all four of those in the same season.


This is what Scotty Pippen said about Jalen Williams. I don't even want to put a cap on him and say that he's going to be me. I see him being greater if I can say that. Just because where the game is today, the, they have offensive freedom. We didn't have that. We mostly ran out of us out of a system. These guys have the freedom to shoot the three balls and do things of that nature. Players are playing in today's game, have a chance to be better than players in the past because of the ability to shoot the ball. Wow. Wow. Somebody said it. Oh nevermind. But anyway, if this kid continued to shoot the three ball the way he shoots, I'm going to sit here and say and argue with nobody and say he can't, he can compare to us because you can't. He Wins. Hmm.


I I Go ahead Joe. Let let Joe let Joe chime in first then you go bread and then Oh you don't hear what you gotta say Joe, you muted. Can y'all hear me now? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. My bad. I agree with Pippen saying because back in his day, You know they played with two traditional bigs and now, now in today's game, especially OKC, they don't have nobody posting up. Seriously. You know, those guys are picking pop guys and J up and, and Shay they kind of get the, they get free will as opposed to when they shoot how they wanna shoot So they can give it to you however they want. I I think the, the, the game is a lot more wide open now and yes, you, they do have a lot more freedom than guys had back, back when Scottie was playing.


Joe. I think the game is tailormade for you right now because it is an iso game. It is a one-on-one game and if you or a guy can put the ball on the floor, you can score from the outside. It's almost impossible to stop you. During a time that I played when we had Mcha Parish, myself, bird, we were post up guys and we stayed right on that block. So we given we weren't trying to trick you we're just gonna beat the hell outta you in the damn post that way. Nobody, nobody does that anymore. Shannon. Nah, posted. It's that post area anymore. It's a, it's, it's a dead game. So because of that, the game has changed so much in a way and, and Scotty I appreciate Scotty giving up up like that.


But I'll tell you what I like to see and this is Joe and O Joe and I would love to see what happened if he had been playing during the eighties when guys were throwing his ass to the ground. Now it wasn't all this all this, he getting you up in the air faking you doing all this stuff. You know how Detroit playing like that. Detroit used to play two fouls. One guy would hit you and what's the other guy, You know a joke that gave the other guy freedom to knock the hell outta that. So yeah, so he would take another special guy and I'm not taking away from what Shake does, I'm really not, but I'd like to see what he do with Handshake and Joe the era you played in. Yeah, I'd like to see what he would do right now when it came to hard fo Think you see some of these files they call today.


The guy said oh for foul when the guy brushed and be hitting him and may during my particular era they would've laughed at your ass like Right, right. Nah, nah but you ain't bleeding when you eyes say now o yo if you ain't, if you ain't missing a tooth or nothing you won't bleed from the nose. Ain't gonna call on that. So yeah I would love to know how Shea, I'm not taking away anything from him. No hatred at all. I love to see how he played during the physical game the way it was played during that time. Hey Right. I, I like what Pippen said, UNC Joe and Brad. I like, I like what he said but the funny thing about it is there are certain players regardless to era, regardless to era based on skill set and DNA and what they bring to the table in that specific era with regardless of what era you put certain individuals in, they're gonna succeed regardless of how the game for sure whether it's in the eighties, whether it's in the nineties, whether it's in the 2000, whether it's now a player like ET G eight, he will thrive, he will still thrive and just adapt to the circumstance and the environment and the style of playing which they played if he was in the eighties or in the nineties when they were a lot more physical.


The same thing goes for Pippin. It's hard to compare errors. Unc you, you really can't do it. You can't no era unc when you play football the Rule changes. Yeah the rule change. Exactly. The the rule changes obviously you think about the game of basketball, right? Everything is iso now. Back then the Jordan era, the PIP era, they they played with two bigs. Yeah. Oh. Back in your day unc, God damn, look at the yards you got, you got a goddamn, Jackie got a bus in the hall of Fame and goddamn camp. Right. And you've played during the running game era. Yeah Imagine if you played right now you in your prime and they throwing the ball 20 million times every goddamn game. It it's, it's different. You laugh, can you laugh away, you about to get damn paid or something burn out.


Hey hey, hey I see, I see them guys making tight ends making 17, 18 million a year. I do see that eight. I mean just goes to show you just how well the thunder play defense. Yeah. Indiana shot the ball better from the field, better from the three point line better from the free throw line and they out rebounded them but they had one glaring stat, they tripled them up in turnover. 21 7 turnovers. That is the difference in the ballgame. Turnovers will kill you in any game you play. And I don't care what sport it is. You play football, you turn that ball over, you play basketball, you turn it over and it's going to be a recipe for you to lose because those are wasted opportunities.


A lot of people laughed when they talk about the self excuse threes and I talked to Joe Missoula about this. He said Max, I'd rather for him to shoot the three than turn the damn ball over 'cause there therefore you wouldn't give a shot opportunity. And I was like damn that does make sense though. You at least you shoot it, you get an opportunity to go in. But when you turn the ball over in a live situation, your defense is lopsided going back the other way and it just kills you. And you could see it hurt Indiana all day long. TJ McConnell was a smart player, Joe thing surprised me when he crossed the court that time at half court and he got double And he punched the ball out. Yeah, you exactly what you Talking about. But you smarter than that.


You you ain't, it's a point guard. You ain't supposed to cross that. He kept getting pinned on the sideline. He got kept, he kept getting pinned in the corner. He's only so tall. So when they come with a double team, he's not getting out of that because he can't see over him. Hey look you, you, you had to know that he was gonna make some mistake guys. They they asked an awful lot of him, You know when they did went down. So he, he probably, he ain't accustomed to he since the first quarter Tyrese went down the first quarter and now TJ had to step in and be the guy against the starters. He ain't going against their backups now, now he's going against J Dub, he's going against Dork. He's going to, he's in there with the trees with Chad. So it's a diff you are asking him to do you asking him to be tj but I need more of that from you and I need you to give it to me against their war.


Right. The red. Right Joe, let me, let me ask you this Joe. What happened to some of them players you used to play with when you playing on your team and they be talking all that shit and then they get in the game, gimme a real game. You go man what's happening? Hey, hey listen that damn pressure's too much for me. Hey, hey, hey Look. Hey bri Ocho lemme tell y'all something. When I was in college, man I'm tell you when I first got to campus I wanted to play in the hype. That's where everybody used to play at. And I had dudes on my team bro. Who average two points, three points a game. Who in the hype looking like Jordan you hear? But once that popcorn go to pop and them lights come on, I'm like damn What happened? Yeah, it ain't the same no more. It ain't the same when them lights come on that pop Ocho said the right thing.


It's DNA based. It is for some people and it's showing for some other people because when them damn big lights come on and the damn put a little bit more butter on the damn pop, some of these people gonna on fold like a damn cheat. Shit that's, yeah It it, it's funny that y'all say that 'cause my freshman, we had a guy, they were roommates and one of the guys was a starter, wide receiver. His roommate go tell the coach, he's like, coach, if you gave me some run I can catch just as good as my roommate. I could catch just as good as this guy. Sure enough coach put him in the game, drop everything he threw him Coach after the game. He say Son, you came to my office and tell me you better than Barney.


We put you in the game Now he put him on blast. Yeah, your roommate, I'm better than him. You done told the coach I'm better than my roommate. Yeah, he put you in the game, you lay a egg and then the coach call you out in front of everybody and your roommate sitting there looking at you like you crazy. He should call him out. He should call him out. And you go all that talking all let damn noise or tell you seen enough of that all them damn guys back you up. Listen to tell guys in practice sometimes, what the hell you following me like that you can get in the damn game. You ain't gonna be playing. Yeah. Hey listen, I don't, I don't think, I don't think people understand how difficult it is, huh? It's one thing to be playing on the park. It's one thing to be having fun recreational with your friends, but I'm talking about at the highest level and I talking about at the highest level when them lights turn on.


Especially if you a talker, you was a talker Joe. If you a talker and you've gotta back It up, oh you gotta back it up. I I don't Think you understand how much pressure that is and obviously when you see the finished product on a Sunday you'd be like, well damn, they make it look easy. But what you don't get to see is all the work be motherfuckering got to put in before time. Oh yeah. On Sunday we, it just look easy, easy. But You know, but, but I I, the four of us right now on air, three of us I know talked a lot of shit. I I know Shannon did. OI know you did and I know I did, but Joe say nothing Joe, but George playing, he played the game and gave you his, that's what he's gonna do.


But I gotta let You know I'm killing you. Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hey, let let your work speak for itself. No, I'm gonna let my work speak and I will speak my work. Can't talk when I tell you. Yeah. I tear your ass up and I broke. Yeah. Hey, Hey, they work. Hey, all they work could say volumes now. Not a lot of I can. Yeah. Well you Terrible. You, you going be in the wave while last tomorrow. I Promise I I got one for you Shannon. This is my best story. I was playing against the Lakers and we had some, some of them guys over there, Larry Spriggs and some of these guys really hadn't played that much. And they were screaming and yelling at me and I was taking the ball out.


So I was about to get the ball from the referee and I said, hold up a minute. He said, hold up. He said, whoa, whoa, whoa. What do you want? I said, pat Riley was stand beside me. I said, pat put one of them motherfuckers in down there, pat Riley turns ring going, Hey, you're going the game. This guy comes in the game to guard me. I score about 10 quick points and going out the game. I said, next time you'll sit, sit your ass down and be quiet. I love that Riley for that. I love it. Said thank you that appreciate it all. Damn talking, doing the run your damn mouth. What? We get it. You ain't, you ain't Guc. Just be quiet and watch the damn game. Yellow freak.


Shut up. We had three stars go down in the postseason with torn Achilles. Mm. Dame Lily went down first. Jason Tatum went down next and then Tyrese, Halliburton, they all were the number zero. Ooh, Jeff Starz tweeted, if Halliburton deed didn't tear his achilles, which he did, that would be the eighth Achilles tear this season. The previous high was five in 1415 mm. That does not include Theas and the Kupo who tore his into off season or prospect Jalen Moore who injured his in a recent Prej workout. Unbelievable. So hold on.


That's who had t Tom tro, James Wiseman and Isaiah Jackson. Two of theirs too. Right? So what is Joe Brad, you guys play? I hear people say, man it's the low top shoes, but boy, with the way technology is now, ain't nobody was tear no Achilles with them. Chuck Taylors. No. Nah. Now they got all this technology. What's going on with the, with the Achilles guys? Joe? I, I think it's just Joe. I believe the fact that these guys never rest. The guys you named Tatum played in the Olympics last year, never had an opportunity to rest Halliburton played in the Olympics, never had an opportunity to rest. We know, we know what Dane does.


He plays all this basketball. 'cause you don't rest your body. Shannon old show Joe. Your damn body is going to rest you one way or the other and it might be the Achilles. And you remember that Achilles is one of those things. How do you really protect it? 'cause you can stretch it and do it when you can't build it up. Like what these strong muscles. So it's a thing that happens


When you're part of a military family. You understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere, but are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting resources, unable to scale? Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions so you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by Iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin, meaningful beauty makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice bragging rights, a cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge Entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


Yeah, it's Yeah, go ahead Ojo. Go ahead. No, I I I I'm gonna say I, I see a lot of comments, a lot of people talking about, oh, You know, people are wearing low top shoes and, and I mean, listen, having a high top shoe is not, is not gonna prevent that. It's not gonna prevent that, that that's something that's, that's on the interior. And listen, it, it just happens. It, it just happens. Why it happened, I'm not sure, obviously we know Halle had had an injury. I'm not sure if the conversation for that area caused that, the keys to rupture, but it, it's just unfortunate that it is happening. But I keep seeing the comments about Os 'cause the Low had nothing to do with low top shoes and just, I don't believe so. We can Oh, absolutely, absolutely not because it's, IIII Don't think so.


Not top Shoe ain't fixing that. It it, it is not preventing that. Yeah, I don't, I don't think so neither. Bri you could be right, it could be the wear and tear on these guys, but if y'all listen to Halen Burton after game five, he said that this will probably, if this was regular season, this would be a two week, You know, layoff for him. Yeah. He would be out for at least two weeks. Yeah. And the fact that you can't get that and you can't get that kinda rest when you have those calf injuries. Man, I hate to say it, but this is the next thing that comes from it. You know, when you look at all the guys from, excuse me, Durant, whether it was Dame, they all had these calf injuries and You know, you playing in the postseason, you want to try to be there for your team and give 'em everything you got and honestly it just becomes too much.


It just becomes too much because the game is idle at such a high level. Yeah. Playing in the finals like bro, like you ain't, you ain't gonna get no rest on that. Like, 'cause we gonna test it every play down our court, every play offensively. He trying to get to the rap, he tried to make a play. You gotta push off on that. So I just think it was unfortunate for a man. I hate it for him too, man. I mean, but who, who was gonna, who's gonna make that call though? Who's gonna make that call to sit down? Because You know it's not gonna be the player because, You Know, and it's not, not gonna be the coach either because I'm trying to win Teammates look, connect you, You know, have like, yo man wrap that shit up. We, we got to go, we gotta go. So I don't know how you prevent that when it gets down to players and what they're able to do.


A lot of times you said during the regular season, Joe, what would've happen? I only thing I think can happen is you, if you have an independent doctor that has to look at players when they have their injury, that's the only way you can send them out air protect him because you can't protect the player for, from himself in those situations. 'cause he's gonna want go, he's gonna Lemme ask you a question, lemme ask you a question Bria, who playing for that independence? Because if the team playing paying for it, it ain't independent. Wow. Wow. If you paying for it, it ain't, they they keep saying, oh it's independent, somebody gotta pay because he ain't doing no doctors don't do pro bono work unless there are doctors across or borders they gotta service.


But other than that, We did that with, with the Bill Walton tray. That, that happened with me and Bill Walton. I passed it. I didn't really pass the test in LA when I went there, but when, when Bill Walton got to got to Boston re art back below the low smoke, it said, bill, you passed his, his damn knee wasn't as good as, as your grandmas me way back. But, but they but the power of coaches GMs at that time is so different than it is. So I don't know how you protect the player from themself. Lemme ask you this guys. Is it a situation because now guys are so specialized, guys play, all they play is basketball, all they play is baseball, all they play is football.


So you get no end. So all you're doing is you're stressing that and then you got these tournaments, Joe, they play basketball year round. Yeah. I'm like, damn. I thought, I thought everything was a season. I thought football had a season. I thought basketball had a season. I thought baseball had a season. I thought track had a season. They do all this stuff year round. Oh. Oh. And that's why us as Americans, the basketball hoopers nowadays we're behind because all we do is play, play, play. And the guys overseas, they teaching the game. They teaching these dudes a game at a young age versus just throwing them out there. Now, man, listen, we, we in a whole totally different era to where now Ocho Yeah. Red. Hey look, if I want y'all to play on me, okay look, I got a hundred grand for y'all this song, man, I need y'all to come play with me.


That's, that's all these people care about. They ain't trying develop, they ain't developing these kids and teaching 'em really how to play the game. So therefore as they get to the next level, whether it's college or pro, You know, a lot of 'em be lost and you don't really hear about 'em no more because it takes time. 'cause when you get to a team and you not the man and you have to learn how to play and you have to learn how to start in a role and you ain't never had to do that. Oh man, you lost in sauce. Oh, dang that. That's about as true as it gets. I hadn't thought about it, but over in Europe, the skillset that they teach with the three points and the euro step and all this, they have that down before they get here. Our players utilize one thing, it was dunking and the foot speed and, and you can't utilize that the whole time.


You have to push down the back burner. So I Think you are a thousand percent correct when it comes to, but, but, but it's a u basketball. That's what's killed a lot of that damn kid going. I, I ain't never seen a damn kid in the damn sixth grade. Go damn California from Little Carolina play some damn basketball. I couldn't, I couldn't go, I couldn't go across the damn street. Get To the other side of town. Yeah, a damn plays six or seven. Hey, when I was growing up, man, we played a a u ball, I played for the Arkansas Rockets pretty much my entire AAU season to the last year I played with the Arkansas Hawks and these were all guys straight outta Arkansas bro.


Now you get guys, they gonna be from summer everywhere. They probably ain't gonna even know each other until they get together. Until Yeah. Getting ready to play. You know what I mean? So that's the, that's the biggest difference. Yeah. And Brent, when we are coming up play what? Oh, you better get, you gotta walk into summer. You gotta buy summer clothes. Yeah. Hey, see I wore, hey, but see I wanted, we were so poor. I wore summer clothes year round. Some of my brothers, some of my cousins, some of my uncles. Hey, hey. Hold on. Unc, UNC, hold on. We were working too, man. We, we, when I, when I was young playing a a u man, we threw so many swim parties, car washes typically raffles, Man. We did.


Yeah. Raise that money spaghetti di you gotta sell those spaghetti DITs too Joe. Wait a minute, lemme go hold the old joke. And Joe, hold on. I know you guys have some that you have a Sunday suit. Don't tell me that everybody had Sunday suit shirt and the, and some suit that we could go to church here on Sunday. So we have so special And that what hand me down, because we were bread for one thing when they had down Easter, everybody was at damn church. Oh, we got an Easter suit. Yeah. You know you get, you get two suits, you get two suits for $29. Hey listen, my grandma was, Hey, hey, my grandma was the lead assistant in the choir. Man. I spent a lot of time with my grandma.


I was in church at least three, four times a week. You hear me? Yeah. Oh yeah. I was talking about long while I was Baptist man, I was first Baptist and down down there in Higgins, in in Arkansas. Man, listen Reverend Payne, I'll never forget man. Church lasts so long guys. Hey Oh my god. Hey Joe. Grandma was just like that too. I'll never forget. And Overtown grandma went to Mount Olive Baptist Church. She had that hat. Oh Joe, she had a hat Tilted. Well her hat collection went right. You hear me? You only listen. It's, it's only one person. It's only one person in the church who had a better hat collection than grandma. And that was the pastor wife. Now let, I wanna pastor wife hat collection was the real deal.


I wanna see how honest all of you are when they passed the collection plate in your role. Did you ever get more money out than you put in? Nah. No I won't. Hey, hey. Hold on, hold on, Hold up Bro. Ramon made sure we had a couple dollars to put in, but I ain't gonna lie to you. Sometimes I put mine in sometimes my pocket. Hey, hey, hey, Hey. Be I'll be honest. Hey Brad. Ocho Joe. You know the black church was started the wave. What? They passed that pad around the pad. Go Come on through. Hey Got no, we they keep talking about this. The wave started in, in the sports arena.


No it didn't. It started in a black shirt because they passed that po that pad around. Well, well go on. Well lemme ask you this then. How thought that mob was sat when he closed the door? They closed the damn door. We talked About that. Yeah. Come on man. That was funny Out. I, hey, I'd been to church, said, well how, how, how God go get in here. We got it locked out. I mean, we wanted, we wanted to come in and we done locked it by Open the door. Hey, Listen man, I'm talking about Sunday school. 8, 8 30 in the morning. We ain't getting our church man. Four o'clock, man. They already hooping up there at the park. By the time I'm, I'm riding on, I'm looking out the window like, damn, I gotta hurry up.


You know, you, You know, let, let's be honest. That was the only time that the parents, if you had a lot of kids, that's the only time your parents could really get busy because they send you all to church. They had about, before they had used to go to Sunday school and then first that was about three hours up in there. Now I'm just doing, man, I'm doing it now. Oh, for sure. That was all, You know, four Sunday, four Sunday was an all day thing. Four Sunday, you not getting outta there. You not getting outta there till like four 30. You go at nine four, you ain't getting out there till four 30. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. And, and how, how hungry are you hotel coming out the church? What? What? Oh wait. Whoa, wait, listen, I'm, I'm mixed. Hey, hey, hey, hey Bread and I listen, I'm happy I'm hungry when we get outta church, but I know we'll be going.


We going to Turkey. We going to Church of Chicken right down 54th Street and sit right down the corner. I get the same thing. Hey, hey, I ain't gonna lie to you. I know three legs fries with the apple pie and a strawberry juice with a strawberry soda with no ice. My grandma, she love 'em Goddamn okras. Huh? She motherfucker from church fried. Oh. And you Don't eat Ocho You don't eat okra? Uhuh, but hell No. You know man, what? Absolutely not. Nah, Y'all probably eat Gizz and all that. I eat some giz Right out grease. Right out grease. What You know about Gizz Joe? I eat Somez now.


I mean, Ocho bread man. My grandpa cooked everything under the sun. Do you hear me? Yeah, I know something about some Gizz now. Yeah, I don't like no liver, but I ain't be though. Lemme know. Zach Mo wants the NBA finals to return to the 2 3 2 format. Ooh, No. What you think Joe? What you think Brian? No, no. Nah. I i that's a tough one, man. Look, because if you go in there and win on somebody home court, just like Indiana did in game one and, and, and you got three games at home, man, a lot of teams ain't coming back from that, huh? Right. They did that because they used to fly commercial, so they wanted to make sure, and it was, it was so not everybody got their own private plane. Right? So you get two games, yo just stay there, you stay there in the city, blah, blah, blah.


And then when you pack it up, you come on back. But now with everybody got their own flight bread and Joe, nah, 2, 2 1, 1 1. Why does he, why does he want that? That doesn't make no sense to me. Because if you are, if you won all these games, you put yourself on the line, you put yourself in a position where you want those first two games at home and next door, the other places home and then the, then it's back and forth. I I'm not feeling that I'm not, because as you said, what during the eighties, it was hard because we had to fly a commercial. We had to go from LA to Boston playing the Lakers at that time. I remember Jack Nicholson being their first class whips and You know, we just kind of hanging out, had a good time.


Them flights were difficult, man. They, they, they, they, they were Joe, they didn't wanna give you no damn food. I mean, you sitting up there and on top that you have people damn smoking cigarettes right beside you. So don't, don't, Shannon, you don't know nothing about that. You, you won't. Hey, no, no, but I I I've heard that you guys, that regular people wills regular people on your flight. No one brand. Yes. Yes. Send beside you. Yeah. Sit right beside. Hey listen, Hey. Asking you, asking you Yes. Yeah, because we were coming to the airport. We'll come to the airport with no security. Here was SEC Security right here, these things, right. You run up on somebody out there, but, but no security, none of all this other stuff No.


Being protected by the NBA. No, no. It was a different league then. And you had to protect yourself. You had to be more of an adult. You had to really focus on what you did because I'm tell you what the, the eighties, the women in the eighties who they were presidents man. Oh, I'm sorry. I I'm sorry. I, Hey, Hey. We had breaking news today. Kevin Durant has been traded to the Rocket. Yes sir. The sons traded Katie to the Rockets for Jalen Green. Dylan Brooks, the number 10 pick in the 2025 draft, five second round picks KD was at Fanatics Fest when someone captured the moment when KD and his agent, rich Kle found out.


Let's take a look at this video guys. So I'm not sur surprised, I'm not surprised by this. There's only a handful of teams that had maybe the, some players in the pick the compensation. The son's messed this up. Look, I like Matt Ishma. I've met him several times. He's a great guy. But he gave up too much to get Kevin Durant and he was never gonna reciprocate that because he's two years older than when you got him.


Yeah. So now you're not gonna be able what you gave up to get him, you're not gonna be able to get that back. They, we know you want him gone. He knows you want him gone and everybody else know you want him gone. Yeah. And so OCHO plus Miami, they turned down Miami's package because I told you they didn't have enough to get, they didn't have anything. Right. Jaime Harkes, Harvard Hy Smith. What? Hey, You know, I I have a question though. Some, some of you just said, some some of you just said, right? We talking about Yes, Kevin Durant, one of the yes prolific scores of all time, you said did too much to get him but be gave him too much to get him. Yes.


But because of the player he is, that's why he did what he had to do to actually get a player that, that magnitude. Now the reason you got him was you hope what you put and invested into him, you hope it turned out and came to fruition. It just didn't. And normally when you buy a car, when you buy a car off the car lot, right? And as soon as you drive it off, what does it do? It depreciate well. So you understand when you get a player of that magnitude, as great as he is, as great as he is in and he's older now, you're still not gonna get back what you bought for him or what you paid for him. But, but I think the thing Ocho is that when you look at what you look, okay, you got KD in book, did you really need Bradley be Mm did you really need Bradley Beal or do I need to secure my, do I need to get depth for my bench?


So now I take trade more draft capital and give up more players. So now they don't have a first round pick until 2031. You do realize it's 2025, right? Well well, and that's why I think it's a good trade for Phoenix stuff. If you're talking about Phoenix is gonna be able to do some of these things and possibly get a pick and all this. I can, Kevin Durant to me goes there I think instantly to me he makes them more viable when I think about having a score with them young, them, young bulls he got when walk there. I don't, yeah, I, I I give, I make that trade off back. I I love I I like him better and I like him better in Houston than I did in, than in than in Phoenix.


Yeah. You know, I agree. Because you got Goon, you got Shung Goon, you got Ammond Thompson, you resigned Van Fleet, you a, you were able to keep Jabari Smith Jr. Yep. So now, and plus the problem that Houston had, they had the second best record in the, in the, in the West 52 wins. But they didn't have a guy that you can give the ball to late in the ball game and go get you a bucket. All you now have that how Long, how long, how long though Joe? I know, I know you io Joe to be about 36, 37. He 37. He be 37th his Birthday. You're telling me you're gonna let, and I love kd, but you're, you're putting him in a position where you're going to have him carry your team late to go get buckets.


I think I I think he's going be, I think he's naturally going to do that late in game games. I I, I love the fact that he's with a bunch of young cats, like some grimy young cats who gonna work hard, play hard and he ain't gonna have, I don't think he gonna have to do a lot of heavy lifting guys. They got some guys who can play over there, You know what I mean? They got some guys who gonna come into their own. Obviously they gonna play through Ch Goon and unc like you said, I'm glad they kept Jabari Smith another tall, long, long guy who can shoot the ball, who can post up, who can play multiple positions and led by Van Flea. I think they have a great team over there and I think KD can put 'em over the hump. I don't think it's gonna be rigorous on him as far as You know, him trying to carry that team.


I think collectively they gonna do a great job. Now naturally he's gonna be the cream of the crop when it comes to scoring the basketball. 'cause he does it so well and it comes so easy to him. Yeah. I mean, And plus you got three guys six 10 or better. Yeah. You got six 11. You got six 11 kd. You got six 11 Shing Goon, you got six 10 Jabari Parker. Yeah, you got Mond Thompson at six seven. You got Van Fleet that can run the, I I like this. I like, I like, like I said, I like KD here more than I liked him in Phoenix because all you had was offense. They didn't have rebounding, they didn't have m protecting. They did, they didn't have great depth because think about what you gave up to get it. Yeah. You gave up your best defender in MHA Bridges.


You gave up a young Cam Johnson, you gave up what, three first round draft picks. That's an awful lot to give up for a guy. I'm right. And now, and now you go trade for Bradley Bill, which weakens you even more as far as draft compensation and depth for your bench. These teams that played in the NBA finals, what did they have? Depth. Depth, depth. Now they might not be as good as the big three for Phoenix, but Phoenix had once you got, once you got Book and Katie outta the game. Yeah. Now what? Hey look, my question is what, what is, what is Phoenix gonna look like with Devin Booker, Jalen Green and Bradley Bill? I I mean them three are pretty much of the same guy.


You know what I mean? I said that when they got, I said that when they got Bill watch out, watch. Yeah. Bill and Booker, same Guy. Watch out, watch out. Joe. One of the things could happen, and I've been hearing this, that there might be a possibility of Boston making moves. What's gonna happen? Or you gonna keep ing here. You have a big hole over there in in in Phoenix right now. Can you go out and get one of those guys for Boston and make and get that pick or wanna give that pick up? Or maybe Poring is to put him in that position. You know, Joe, that once you get traded to a team, doesn't necessarily mean you need to stop change. You know, the, your bags don't need to be unpacked. We need to keep backpack because you might be moving on in the new NBA, right?


Yeah.


When you're Part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere, but are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale? Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Seba and I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist. It's efficacious. You're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life Meaningful beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice. Bragging rights. A cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge Entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


Rockets fans don't seem to be happy with the KD trade one tweeted, it happened today was my last day as a Rocket fan. I wish the worst and the absolute worst on this franchise. Trading a 23-year-old superstar for a wash 40-year-old. And genuinely the worst thing you could ever do. I hope KD retires next season and that the franchise completely crumbles. Damn. Hey kd. KD also spoke to K Adams today and said Phoenix wanted him gone. Let's take a listen to what KD had to say. Last one for you. Lot of heartbroken Suns fans right now. What would you like to say? That's not true? No. Literally heartbroken Suns fan right over there.


What? I would just, I just felt like yeah, that mean they wanted me to go. So it's like I'm glad we both, You know, they got what they wanted, they got what I wanted so we can move on and good luck to them going forward. And I always remember my time there, but we on something else. Mm. Hey, I, well, yeah, I don't see nothing wrong with what he said because it, no, it wasn't him who came to them asking and looking for a trade. Right. He found out they were trying to trade him. So as, as, as as athletes we know when you, it's basically saying you don't, you don't want us. Okay. It's somebody out there who will take me, it's somebody outside there who do want me. And he was able to give him a few teams that he wanted to go play with.


So give the sons credit for even trading him to Houston, Texas to Texas. 'cause he, that was one of the stops that he wanted to go. Yeah. What what He knew the sons, excuse me. The Rockets, the Spurs and No, yeah, the Rockets, the Spurs. Brooklyn were really the only, the handful of team that had the draft capital to go get it. So he had no choice. I mean he, he couldn't go to Miami 'cause Miami don't have anything to offer for it. Yeah. Your two best players are untouchable. Tyler Hero and bam. And you see the package. Jaime Hawke Jr. Hobbit High Smith. He's like absolutely not. Absolutely not Duke Dukes.


What did, what did we think then? 'cause they had to make that move. Yes. How bad they were offensively. Indeed. And the only person other than the book that you're going be anything wore on that team was kd. So in, in his case, they had to make that move. They had to go out and say, dude, you you, you can go on. And here's the the thing that me and Joe Love about this Joe birthday go. Oh I know to a damn state that they ain't got no damn stadium contact. How about that? How about that? There was a back and forth Boogie Cousins a few days ago regarding the report. The sons had multiple fist fights in the locker room.


Kevin Durant says I have to contest this 94 footer, this some bull drive to throw on us. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We were trashed this year. Ha ha ha. But we never got close to this. Never. The Phoenix son re reportedly had multiple fist fights in the locker room. Her Boogie Cousins The Boogie says the source was one of your teammates. Killer. I ain't referencing you referring to you save that is for the other homies. Hey, anytime. Hey, hey UNC Joe Bread. Anytime something like that get out, You know it it always come from, from one of the players. It always Come from yeah it come from the locker room Always. That's the only, that's the only time I hate when stuff, I hate when stuff like that happen too.


Man. You know I hate when dude, I hate when dudes be chatty pat when something goes on in the locker room. It's supposed to stay right there. Supposed to stay right there in the end of the locker. Cause Guys be pillow talking And okay it fist fight man. Everybody fight who don't fight. It happens UNC in training camp. Did y'all fight in training camp? Yep. You know, I mean it, it happens all The time. Whatever happened in the locker room, it stay in the locker room. Whatever happened on the field if you didn't cap, if that didn't capture it. No it doesn't. No it doesn't. Shannon. It doesn't stay in locker. No, I'm saying I didn't, I wasn't gonna tell you Didn't. But here's what happened. Does you say right now is pillow talk? You go tell your wife something, you go tell your girlfriend. So You know how those stories go.


You tell her. Yeah, she tells somebody else and Linda all is gone in the woods. So a lot of times what we have in the NBA are wives and girlfriends and, and now it's moms who get, who have a lot of shit going on because of they have group chat, they Have a lot of Power. Now, Joe, it's not like back in the day, back in the day, girlfriends were quiet. They used say nothing about little damn basket. They talk about everything else, but not by basketball. Now they, they playing the damn game that damn. I'm like, really? You, you don't play the i I didn't see you on the other side sitting a doing that thing. I didn't Reports say the sons will look to reroute Jalen Green to another team.


I can see that. That makes sense. I Hold on. I need a draft. Huh? Hold On. I, I'm, I'm tripping. Now you train KD for Jalen Green. Now you want to ship Jalen Green somewhere else. And then I see reports that they also about a buyout with Bradley Beal. What the hell going on? GO Joe Bradley. See Bradley Bill and LeBron are one of the two players, two players that have no trade. They have no new trade club. Yeah, They want, so you can't move Bradley bill where he doesn't want to go. So the best thing is like, You know what, let's just go ahead and bite this bullet, get up off this and move in a different direction. So how would Bradley Bill look down here? Miami, since he is a prolific scorer, he is a scorer.


He's gonna get 80, 90% of his money. He can look good wherever he choose to go. Come On 80. Let me, let me, let me holler, let me, let me text Bradley real quick. Man. Man. Trying to get people in Miami. Hey, well hey listen, we we could use a score like that now look at what he did on the Wizards and look what happened. It's too many people touching the goddamn boat. It it don't, it don't, it don't take, it don't take nothing to be a good score on a bad team. Ooh, You talking about, you talking about the heat? Ooh, No, I'm saying it, it don't take anything bread. You know this, you on a bad team. It don't take much to be a topnotch score because who cares? You getting eyes beat out anyway. So don't nobody care that, That, that's, that's the one where they'll say, I, I said that one time to coach Petino.


One time I was talking about Paul and I was talking about Antoine and that's when they were beating the hell out of the Celtics. And I was, I was one of the reporters. I said, so Paul and Antoine, You know they got their numbers the night coach and he turned to me. I I was just embarrassed I've ever been. He said, turn to me. He said, numbers are to loose. I don't give a shit. What about them scoring no baskets. So, so you're right in the NBA on a bad team you can look really good scoring the basketball 'cause you're the only thing they have. But when you plug that into a good team, you get wins 'cause of that. And you can see what happened with Bradley Bill. He leaves Washington and goes to everybody say, oh that Phoenix they're gonna be in, they're gonna be in because it's in court.


He goes now to Phoenix and he ain't shooting that way no more. He ain't, he ain't getting them. He ain't getting what you say Joe back and then he get in touch like that. No. Yeah, he gonna get Because you don't, you don't get to take all them bad shots. You don't get to come down and say, You know what, I'm gonna get me 25, 30 shots a night no matter what. Yeah. On a good team with other good players, it's not like that. Especially when you have multiple good players on said teams. Now maybe if he goes, if it, it could be a situation like OKCJ Dubs and Shaa going to get the lion share the shots. Like tonight Shaa was eight or 27, JW was seven or 20. Now they got 47 of the 87 shots.


Two guys took over half the shots. Yeah. Okay. But now you put Bradley Bill, you put it with KD and book ain't enough bad shots to go around. Yeah. Nah Nigga be looking at you crazy. You come down taking bad shots. Some of the bad shots that you were able to take and get away with when you were with the the Wizards. Yeah, I agree. When you playing with other great players, man, you have to try to find a way to be efficient. I take y'all guys back to 2005, 2004 when I was playing with the Phoenix Sun and Nash was the MVP you had Matomy was a premier All star. Sean Ion was a premier All star and as your fourth option, which was me, I wanted to be efficient.


I shot, I shot 48% from three. And every time I took a shot, I wanted to, I wanted to make it count 'cause I knew I wasn't gonna get many of them. You know what I mean? Right. I wanted to be Yep. Possible. I did. I knew listen, I knew the ones that I did get, Brad. I had to be you Done. Did you better make it Inefficient. You hear me? So I I I did what I had to do that year and I only got a chance to play on that that with them guy guys. Well n for one year. And I thought we had a special, a special team, but unfortunately we got some new ownership that came in and You know, thought otherwise. But Joe, that made it, that made it possible for you to go to another team though because you had, but You Had highlighted what you were able to do on that particular team with not a lot of shots.


And I think that that's why you were able to go someplace else and all of a sudden, You know, you get the iso Joe thing. But look, it, it goes back to what UNC said. Hell I got, when I got to Atlanta my first couple years, I'm averaging 20, 25, 26 a game. But hell, that's empty calorie because we getting the nose bleed, beat up out. Hey yo. Hey Joe. Hey, when you, when you was in Phoenix Star Meyer was the five. Yeah man, he was way before his time with yo, the boy was so raw when he came came in straight outta high school. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He came in, man, I'm talking about just running through cats. He was going through you. It wasn't no around you. He was going through you. I'm talking about, I seen him go head to head with Tim Duncan, Kevin Gar, Chris Weber.


I'm talking about these elites. Yeah. Yeah. That boy was special man. He was special. Oh, That's where, that's your partner. That's Lake. Well that's all you holler about is Lake Wells. Lake Wells, Yeah. Florida Lake Wells, Florida and Lake Wells, Florida. Yeah. That, that must be You mean Lakeland? Lakeland. Oh, lake Wales. Which One? I think I, 'cause he always hollered about him. Roy Jones, all this. All, all. Oh, Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Yeah that that, that's right up the road. That's right up the road. How do all these damn athletes come out now, Laura? Oh, it's the water baby. It ain't nothing but the water. You know, listen, we, we produce 'em different down here. We pro we produce 'em different down here. Weather. The weather ain't coming.


Look, look, Look at where the best, look at the best athletes. They come outta what warm weather? California. Yeah. Texas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana. Yeah. Look, I mean, 'cause you got, you got like ideal cli you got ideal climate and You know us, we like warm weather. We don't like the cold. Yeah. I, I like, we, We like, hey, we like warm weather and for the most part you can do a lot of things, lot, a lot longer. Yes. So, You know, you get warm weather a lot longer and you don't get those, You know those, those long winters and short summers you get long summers. Yeah. Yeah. But if you go back, look at that, look at the f look at basketball.


Let's just take basketball foot. Especially football. It ain't even close. All the football players from the outside. Yeah. California, Texas, Louisiana, Georgia, Florida. Florida, right. South County, stuff like that. But I think that's what it has to do. It has to do with, if you go back and look at it, look at where most of the athletes come from. Damn. I was from North Carolina. I'm sorry. Come on. You get a little basketball. Y'all, y'all got a few. I guarantee you North Carolina might have the greatest basketball allotment of basketball players ever put together. I more than Chicago. Oh Hell yeah. I'm taking Jordan, Jordan. War Zebra.


Where, where, Where y What you, where you, Hey it used to be New York. You don't used to use Be New York was the hotbed back in 19, the sixties, the early seventies. Dominique, Dominique wore deep. Don Carolina, buck Williams, Dominique James, worthy, We that Sleepy David. Sneaky Floyd. There's a, there's a ton of guys. You ain't even talking about Bob McAdoo one of the greatest of all time. But he from Greensboro, I mean there was so many great players like, hey David Thompson, that people won't even talk about it anymore. He was before George. He was, damn. I tell you what, I was guarding one time skywalk and I was swiveling and I was going back and forth and somebody said, LA and I'm, I'm guarding pretty good.


And then I turn around and I look, I tell you what, I can tell you what size shoe we wore. 'cause I was damn Bob. 10 feet Shannon. He walked size 13. That's all I saw. You get up the volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military


Future Health weight loss. Wat ozempic but can't afford thousands a month? You need Wegovy for $399. All in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com future without the e Future health weight loss Data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed to providers discretion.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like dove ice cream bars, chips to hoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability. Restric and supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This Is an iHeart podcast.