
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home. Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC. Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March Man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With a in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia Is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball in March. Mania one thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draft King is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers. It's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test, a prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus, it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0, and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharp. Number 85 from Liberty City, the route runner extraordinaire, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. Thank you so much for your support, your loyal support, and your continued support because without you, there can be no us And we greatly, greatly appreciate your continued support.


Guys, make sure you go check out shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock. Thank you. All the cities that showed up and showed out for me, I greatly, greatly appreciate that. Now, if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We will ship it directly to you. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and when they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. We have a guest tonight, Manny Fresh. Everybody knows who Manny is. Some of the hottest beats from juvie. Lil Wayne.


He was a part of it. Ocho, we got some big news to announce tonight. Tonight. So guess what? We've been teasing this for month tickets for the Not Safe for Work Tour Goats on sale this week. Without further ado, here's the tour schedule. Friday, June 13th, Baltimore. Saturday, June 14th, Philadelphia. Saturday, July 12th. Charlotte Saturday, July 19th, Los Angeles. Friday, July 25th. Miami, Saturday, July 26th. New York City, Friday, August 15th, Chicago, Illinois. Saturday, August 16th.


Detroit tickets go on sale Wednesday at 11:00 AM Eastern and can also be found on shehe media.com/tour. Again, tickets go on sale Wednesday at 11:00 AM Eastern. They can also be found on shehe media.com/tour. Those are our stops. Again, ocho. We start off Friday, June 13th in Baltimore. Yeah, head to Philly on the 14th. Okay, July 12th. We're in Charlotte, July 19th. We're in Los Angeles Friday, July 25th. We're in Miami, Saturday, July 26th. We're in New York, Friday, August 15th, Chicago, Saturday, August 16th, Detroit.


Those are the stops on the not for safe work tour. N-S-F-W-T. I wonder what that stood for. Hey, what the hell that mean? But it's not safe. Hey, I like it's not safe. It's not safe. Ocho. Yeah. So there it is, y'all. Those are the, the tour dates. Stop cities that we're gonna be joining that we're gonna be going to. So hold on, hold on. Get your tickets. Thank you for your support. The Lakers fall to the magic 1 0 9 98. The Lakers win three with three losses in a row. They lost seven out of their last 10 ball games they lost to Boston, Brooklyn, Milwaukee, Denver. Then they won three straight beat.


Phoenix, San Antonio. Denver. Then they lost another three straight Milwaukee, Chicago, and Orlando. The Lakers bench was outscored 30 to 14, which was an issue. The Lakers gotta do a better job of guarding. Watch this game from start to finish. Yeah, they're just not guarding. They're just not guarding. Now look, they're about a year or two away. Orlando Paulo Bon Carro. Oh yeah, he know And Fran Waner. Yeah. Oh, they legit. Oh they they legit, legit. Yeah, they legit, legit. Ben Carroll had 30, Wagner had 32 and then they got black, came up the bench and gave him 17. But they all legit, the Lakers gotta do a better job of defending.


It's really that simple. They didn't shoot the ball well. They shot about 46%. They shot 28 free throws. The free throw was pretty close. 10 or 32 from the three point line. The difference with us Orlando shot down near 50% from the floor. You're not gonna beat a team if you allow 'em to shoot 50% from the floor. And, but everything was, was really close. I mean, Orlando had 43 rebounds, 12 offensive. The Lakers had 39 11 offensives. But the only difference I could really see Ocho Yeah. Was that third quarter. Got 'em again every time the Lakers had a two point lead at the half. And then they get out scoring the third quarter by about 14, 16 and it's the third quarter.


Again, JJs gonna have to push some different buttons because they come out lackadaisical. They let the team go on the run. And it's, it's hard to reattach yourself to 'em when they go, when they get a streak like that. But give or Orlando credit, they won their, the a as a matter of fact, they, they broke the, they stopped Cleveland. They went on the road. Yeah. Cleveland had a 1617 game win streak. They went into their building and won. And they won. So, so Now I, they're I the rec, they are better that their record would indicate. Right. But the problem was Van car got hurt at one point in time. Wagner got hurt at one point in time, so they haven't been able to play extended period of time together.


But this is a good team. Don't let, don't let their record fool you. But the Lakers have to be disappointed. They gotta play better than fourth spot right now. Their two and a half, I think two and a half games outta the second spot. But tonight again, it was defense. They gave up 146 Saturday night and they gave up 118 tonight. And they had been playing really, really good defense up until that point. Okay. Now with everything that you said there in fourth right, they lost the night. You understand the problems and the wolves that the Lakers are having, the inconsistencies they want to run. You're understanding their wolves coming outta halftime in the third quarter. Allowing teams always going to run.


Now think about everything you just said. I want now I want your honest answer and your honest opinion. There's still Lakers are five League are five, niggas are five. Look, that's fixable. Look, that's, that's fixable ocho. That's something like, look guys, we've gotta do a better job of defending. Yes sir. And, and and And you can't, guys can't get broken down off the first dribble. Right. You get broken down into the first dribble. Now you're compromised 'cause help's coming. Yeah. And now they swing the ball. They're getting wide open three. Right. Or they're getting uncontested layups. So you can't get broken down off the first dribble They got out scored 34 to 18 in the third quarter.


I mean there's no there in no way. Right. Should a Lakers team that got Luca Donit and LeBron James on the court only score 18 points in a quarter? Yeah. And if you only score 18, you better make sure they don't, they don't score more than 22. Because if you do that, And I get it, the Lakers, I think they played what? Seven, well, at one point in time had seven games in 10 days. But we don't do excuses here. Okay. You either win or you lose. It's a very short on sports menu at my restaurant. Only thing I got on my menu is doves and nails. That's all you can order. Right? You can't order excuses. Right. 'cause I don't serve it. So the Lakers are gonna have to find a way to play better in the third quarter. They're gonna have to find a better way to find a better way to defend.


Right. Because this is not, this is not acceptable. This is not acceptable. I mean look at all these minuses. Dorian Finn Smith minus six, LeBron minus 17. Jackson Hayes minus 10, Luca minus nine. Austin Reeves minus seven mm. Every starter was minus hell. As a matter of fact, everybody was minus. That's not good enough. You can't, you can't win. You can't win like that. No, there's no way around it. You can't win like that. And when you take Jackson Hayes out, LeBron is basically playing the five too small of a lineup. Yeah. That, I mean maybe, maybe the last two, three minutes, four minutes of a ball game you can run this lineup. But not when they go in bank. Not when they go in bank Carroll.


Not when they go in Wendell Carter. Not when they go in Franz Wagner. You're too small. Yeah. You're just too small. Reddick admitted. The Lakers looked tired tonight. We weren't able to sustain the level of intensity we started the game with. They did. They scored 30 in the first quarter. 30 in the second quarter. 60, they had a two point lead. 60 to 58 and a half. But then again, out of the third quarter here come Orlando one, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yeah. And there you go. Same quarter every time. Need to play some different music at the half. Huh? They need to do something because this ain't getting it done. Nah, this ain't getting it done. I mean, and what's their record?


So that's 50, that's 61, that's 71 games. They only got 11 games left ocho. Yeah. You supposed to be gearing up. You supposed to be playing your best ball heading into the playoffs. Not, You know, maybe they left a little bit on the look. 'cause at one point they were like 18 and three out on Right. Have won a bunch of games. You don't want to be sliding going into the playoffs. Right. You want to be playing your best ball hitting into the playoffs. But this performance was unacceptable and, and Don Connect only played five minutes. But I think a lot of that has to do with his look, his defense intensity. I mean he needs to understand. I mean he just gets lost.


It's like, And I and, And I could tell JJ is JJ doesn't like minimal mistakes. Yeah. That sen because he's a perfectionist and he wants guys like, guys we went over this, that's why I couldn't coach. We went over this. The guy comes, okay, you stay on that guy. Don't try to fight over the top and lead the guy on a wide open three. So Lincoln's got some problems, nothing they can't solve. They got what, ano three more games on this road trip. I think they got a four game road trip before they turn back to the Crip. Who I know that hurt that that I know them. I know that those road trips back to Back lockdown Big Indiana.


Yeah. Yeah. So they got, they got, they got a way, they got, they got, they got three more games on the rodeo show before they turn return home. They need to play better than what they played tonight or what They definitely what they played against the bull. Yeah. Yeah. But they picked right up where they left off not playing defense. They started with great intensity in the first half, but that waned in the third quarter. And that was really the undoing of them. Ad Anthony Davis returns after 18 games absence versus the net. And his returned 12 points, six rebounds, three assists, 6 0 9 field goals in 27 minutes. Hey look up. Look, I don't know how many, I don't know how many players the Lakers would've traded ad four, but you gotta trade in for Luca.


Yeah, absolutely. There ain't a whole lot of players. A team won't trade. It's reported that they called Minnesota by Ant man. No, it is reported. They called Milwaukee by Giannis. No, they're not getting yolk. I'm trying to think, can you name another player you probably couldn't get JII wouldn't break up JT and jb. Right. But other than that, everybody your ass up outta here. Everybody's A green light. Everybody else is a green light. Everybody else is a green light. So you can't feel bad. And I I Hey y'all know what I think of ad I love ad. Oh yeah. I like him and Brian together because he was the last line of the fence.


He could pick, he could guard pretty much one through five. He was tremendous in the picket roll. Right. Excellent, excellent. Helps side defense could give you 25 and 12 on a nightly basis, but 3-year-old ad versus 26-year-old Luca. Yeah. And then obviously injury prone ad, You know? Yes. Which has always been an issue of his not being able to stay on the court, but understanding what he gives you once he's on the court. But the problem is, is you make the trade, it happens, he comes out, it gives you the 80 you used to, but not enough consistency to be able to stay on the court to make the fans feel like, okay, You know what, we let Luca go but we still got ad he's still able to come here and produce.


He he naive. Not Luca, You know, by any means, but he's still a quality player that can put butts in the seats and be productive night in and night out when he's on the court. Yes. You see him come back and have a, have a, have a, have a good game and night, You know, before until he gets his legs up underneath him. Gets get, gets acclimated to the speed of the game and gets himself back in rhythm. You know? So still decent tonight though. Yeah. That's one of the reasons though, Joe. Yeah. When he stays healthy. We seen him last year. I think he played like 70 plus games. Yeah. Which is the most games he's played in a very long time. We know what AD can do. Yeah. He's as skilled as anybody. He can shoot the three now he's not shooting 40%, but he got the three ball in his repertoire.


Mid-range game. Can post it, can put it on the floor, can finish at the rim, above the rim. You follow him? Ain't gonna go to the free throw line. He gonna make 80 plus percent of his free throw. So offensively, And we know he's one of the two or three best defensive players in all of basketball. Right. We're not even, that's not even up for debate. But like you said, his injury history made it real easy. Right. Plus his age made it real easy for the leaguer to say, You know what, Luca for Lebr, Luca for ad. Yeah. Plus we got another decade of Luca And we need superstar in order to attract. Because you look at that, when you look at they court side And you look at everybody else court side, it's different. Only the Knicks can rival it.


Yeah. It's different. It's different. And it's always been different and it always gonna be different. And that's what you need to attract those stars to come out and watch. Right. As a Luca, You know,


buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. Jay Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dog River says he doesn't get enough credit for winning three games in a playoff series where he blew three won leads. No one tells the real story. And I'm fine with that. It's unfair in some ways, I don't get enough credit for winning those three games. I get credit for losing. I always say, what if we had lost to Houston in six? No one cares. One thing that I'm proud of is that we never been swept. All coaches have been swept in the playoffs. My team achieved a lot of them overachieve, and I'm proud of that. Did he say this out loud? Yeah, I'm not sure. Hold on. He said this so somebody can write it, But I is is it, is this really his quote? I mean, I, yeah. Is it, are we happy about, are we happy about losing But the fact that we didn't get Swep is that, is that satisfying?


Is this some type of moral victory or something? I'm, I'm just curious. It's more embarrassing that you had a three one lead And you couldn't win another game. Hey, I just, I just wanna know how you feel about it. But they know how Come on, man. Yeah, doc, come on Doc. You know what? I wouldn't even said nothing. I said Yeah. Hey, that's on me. Yes. I've had three one lead in five or six series And we weren't able to get it done. Yeah. I've gotta do a better job of putting my players in position so we can get it done. I would've never ever said, I don't get enough credit for winning three games because it's not a best of five. Right. Doc, you came in and there used to be a best of five. As a matter of fact, I'm old enough to remember that you used to be a best of three.


Yes. There were a best of three And you had a best of three, a best of five. Right? The Eastern Western Conference was the best of seven. So was the NBA finals. So Doc, if you had won three games in a best of five, you got a ton of credit. Yeah. But in the seven game series, it's the first of four. Not the first of three. Doc said that. Doc said that out loud. I'm, I'm just, do You know it also, I'm, I'm just want to ask you, do you really think this is his quote? Is it from a reliable source? Yeah, it's him. He's talking. Yes. It's in quotes. Yeah, that's what he said. If it's to Mark Spears, he said no one tells the real story and I'm fine with that.


It's unfair in some ways. Okay. I don't get enough credit for getting those three wins. Mm. You don't get credit for winning games. You get credit for winning series. Right. If you, if it's NCA, you get credit for winning games. One, one in one shot, But not in a series. Not where it takes four. Right. Come on, doc. You doc doc is too much of a student of the game. Doc has too much high basketball, high level IQ to ever say something like this, to have it printed. Lord have mercy. Oh, How Ocho, that'd be like, that would be the equivalent of dq said, Hey, I don't get enough credit for having a 28 3 lead on the on, on the Patriot.


Ooh. I don't get enough credit for that because I did have a lead. You know what, how many coaches ever had a 25 point lead in the Super Bowl? What good is that? You lost? Yeah. Yeah. You right. That's the same thing when, when the Houston shoot, the Oilers had that big lead against, against Buffalo. Yeah. A lead. You talking about a lead not winning the game, but we had a lead. It's even more embarrassing that in the first of four, right? You won three games And you lost a series. Still. I don't know.


I I, I need, I need more context to the, to the conversation. 'cause the, the way it's being worded doesn't sound like, come on Doc. Would you really say something like that? Would you really want credit for winning for Winning three? 'cause he has the most three, he has the most blown three one leads in NBA history. Oh, he's saying, y'all not giving me credit for winning three games. Nah. That, that ain't, that ain't the way. It ain't nobody Who don't get credit. That ain't the way it work though. Ain't nothing, ain't nothing you do in life. He had a against the Celtics in 23, A three, two lead lost 2020 against the nuggets in the bubble. Three. One lead lost 2015 the Rockets.


He was at the clip. He was at the Clippers at the time. Lost 2012 against the heat. Three, two lead lost 2010 against the Lakers. Three, two lost 2009 against the magic. Three, two lost 2003 pistons. Three, one lost. My goodness. Listen, the, the di well, What we supposed to do then, The, the difficulties of being a coach, the difficulties of being a head coach at the highest level. Here's the question, the question Mark Spears ask him, how do you deal with all the criticism you've received from the media and on social media from losing three, one Siri leads four times.


Doc quote was a direct response to what he was asked by Mark J. Spears. Yeah. How do you feel with all the criticism you've received Right from the media and on social media. So I guess ain't nobody else criticizing Huh? You don't think other coaches talk about Damn doc, you don't think players say so what you think I get it blaming the media. Right? Blame so blame social media. So, but we're the only ones, ain't no player. As a matter of fact, what happened when he lost the Clippers three one lead and guest management blamed him too. Yeah. They got him up outta there. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Okay. Philly, what did they do? They got him up out of there. Yeah. So I guess it ain't just the media and social media. So I have, I have A question. It's his bosses. So hold on, hold on, hold on now, hold on. Now I have a question. I think, You know, now the opportunity is given when it comes to the NFL is a little bit different as opposed to to, to the NBA. Now he's continues to get jobs for a reason. Exactly. So you can't say, yeah, He's a great, he's a great coach. He's a great coach. He has to be great at something there that, that he does. Because there's a reason you continue to have all these jobs, despite the losses that are happening at important times, at the wrong times, and they're letting you go, but you get the job somewhere else right away.


Like it's nothing. So there's something special about him, Right? Mm. I don't like that answer though. Hell no. Nobody likes That answer. I think if, if he, if he could take it back, if he can read the quote now with a little bit of clarity and understand it, what You mean? Let, let me, let me finish. I guarantee you he here, we, he worded different. He worded differently. Because if, if I'm, I'm telling you, you see how, you see how you and your wife's state of mind are sitting here reading it and then getting better context on what the question was. He wasn't drunk. Yeah. I, Hey. Yeah, yeah. Let, let's put up, because we wanna put some more comments because you think he was taking outta context.


He had no idea Being asked. Oh no, it wasn't. 'cause once you told me what the question was, that that gave me a, a, a better understanding. It was a direct question. So the answer and the quote was literally direct based on, You know, sometimes, You know, sometimes it leaves stuff out. Okay. How about this? Here it is what it is. It's a part of my legacy. There's nothing I can do about it. I got a team that was a eight seed of three, one that's coaching, that's not bad coaching. There are several eight seeds that have actually won the Debra Nuggets was the first eight seed. They beat the Seattle Supersonics, who was the number one? Super, we'll talk about that later. The one with the Clippers is the only one that got away. But people don't realize that Chris Paul was running on one leg in 2015 with the Clippers.


And we also the underdog in that series. When you think about it, Houston had home court, not us. So let me get, it was good enough. You got, you beat them twice on their home court to get a three, to get a three one lead. Right? So he was on one leg. So one leg got you. A three one lead, one leg couldn't get you another win. Okay? Mm. Okay. How about this? We didn't have home court. Well, it goes road to your first two games at the vi. If you the underdog, that means the first two games at they're home.


So that means in order for you to get a three one lead, you had to have won one game Right. On their court. Exactly. It's on your resume doc. I think the best thing could have said, Hey look, it's a part of it's, it's a part of me. I wish maybe I could have done something different. Right? Call different plays, put players in different situations. But to say I don't get enough credit for winning three games when it's a four game series. When it's a seven game series and it's the first of four, not the first of three. I I, I, he gotta miss me with that one. Yeah, he gotta miss me with that one.


So sorry Doc. We, we can't agree on that one. Oh Lord. How mercy it. I was hoping we didn't have to do this. Asante Samuel saw the clips of us debating him and Prime and he responded to us Ocho. Yeah, that's your problem. Pimp. You are also brainwashed that Shanna Sharp. I'm not worried about what everyone perceives to be true like yourself. I stand on facts. You have yet to talk about the facts. You can easily be manipulated just like everyone has because of marketing. I bet you won't debate me. Big facts. Oh, Shannon Sharp. Safety has the short safety has the short middle. Nobody's in the deep, but me and the receiver, you don't know the truth. Pimp you just talking out your with no facts.


Right? Let's talk Or you scared like everyone else, bro. Hey, I ain't, I ain't even know your answers. You like, okay, I like that. I like that. Huh? Hey y'all. Hey y'all. Hey listen, we can have a club. Say she right. Listen to me now. Stay with me. You have a club che dv edition, A good conversation, PowerPoint presentation style film up there to support each of your, your opinions and facts that you might have with it. Ain't no opinion, he's not time. Oh, okay. What We debated. Lemme, lemme finish baby. Lemme finish. I'm, listen, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm giving you the ultimate content right now. Something that's never been done before. A format that's never been done before.


Two players, actually three. 'cause you are part of it too. Three players. You got pride and so Samuel And you, you one that loves the breakdown film, he's also one that, that loves breakdown film. Now just pitch this. You talking about you, you think Kat William did a whole bunch of numbers. What you think you asan sitting down, You know, going over, okay, you want to prove it, prove it die in the sky. Don't lie. I'm just, I'm just throwing the idea out there because the format has never been done before. I've given, I've given coach time and myself have given ante Samuel more attention since he's been retired than he's ever gotten after tonight. I'm done with this.


Okay? There's nothing to debate, my bad. I'm not, there's no, there's no one gonna say he's in the realm of time. He's in the realm of Derell Rebus. He's in the realm of Rod Woods or Charles Woods or Darryl Green or a male blunt. He's not, I don't give a damn what he says about the film he played. He played Morgan. He played more. Look bro, you had an unbelievable career. Congratulations. You're just not Ty. You are not Ty, you are not reba's. You're, hold on, find out. Did he make an all decade team?


Because time made all decade and he's one of the a hundred greatest players of all time. Let's see his resume. Let's see his body of work. I complimented it. I said time. Don't believe it wasted motion. The T step worked well for Asante. I gave him a compliment. Let's see his resume. So he didn't make all decade. Four time pro bowler.


One time all pro. How many times, how many pro bowls did time made? How many all team. Yeah. Oh, same number of super bowls. But one guy was a defensive player of the year. One guy as a defensive back swung the balance of power. Hmm. How many dbs can say swung the balance of power? He go to one team to keep the other team from going. He goes to the other team and keep that team from going, bro, you had an unbelievable career. You went to a pro bowl, you are an all pro, you are not time. And there's no, and that's not a knock.


It's okay. Mm, It's okay. But I dunno. Why you getting mad at me? I tell you what. Find, go find the G. Go find the coach. Go find a player that says Asante Samuel is the equivalent or better than time. That's all you gotta do. Hell, your son won't say you better than time. And he a junior. Just be real man. You coming? I'm the wrong one. You What you doing? Where you going?


I got that. What's That? I don't know what you're talking about, bro. I don't know what you're talking about. I complimented you. I said you had an outstanding career. I say the T step served you well. I just said you weren't tired. That's okay. If somebody says, You know what Shannon, you had an unbelievable career, Shannon. You were at the eight Pro Bowl. You are a first team all pro. You are an all decade player. You in the Hall of Fame, but you ain't Gronk. Okay? You ain't Travis Kelsey. Okay, but you ain't gonna go no other tight end. Let me talk about you. Ain't that. If you want to say grump, if you wanna say Kelsey, Shannon, you, not that I ain't finna fight you, but you ain't gonna go no more.


You ain't gonna go no more because when I left every record that a tight end can have, I had it catches, yards, touchdown, most yards of the game. Hey, so I, hold on. I just, now that, now that you mentioned that, when, when it come, when, when we factor in the numbers and statistics, does that play any factor in in in in Asana's case or it, it doesn't matter. Just, just curious. He had more pr, he had more pass breakups and fewer interceptions. How many pick six did he have? All I know is when I left the game. Yeah. I had every record that a tight end could possibly have. Okay. Ain't nobody had 'em but me. Now they done came along and broke 'em.


Gonzo broke up and Yeah, and Gaz did this and Gronk and this and that. But I don't know, I don't know why he mad at me. I gave him a compliment. Yeah. I I said he had an outstanding career. Yeah. I said the tee step for him served him well. I like, I I like the convo. I like the dialogue. I would, I would love, I would love especially for not the casual fan, but for people that, that are fans of the game. I wish we could dive a little bit more. I'm obviously not here on the show. I'm just saying. I'm just asking you find the general manager. Find the head coach. Find the receiver. Because he talking about, he talking like he was that he about, I guarantee you will you find somebody that say he'll top 10, a top 10 cornerback if we go back and study history top 10 corner.


So we got time, we got Revis, we got Mel Blunt, we got Rod Wilson, we got Darryl Green, we got a Neils Williams, we got Male Blunt. Okay. That's seven right there. Where we, where are we going to put him in the list of all time and the history of the NFL, right? Is he cracking the top 10? That's your, I mean that's your homeboy. He from Florida. I want you to tell me, you tell me What, what, where would you put him? I'm, I'm, No ain't why I'm asking you.


I just named seven guys. Which one of those seven guys you are you putting him in front of? Huh? You heard me? Y'all listening? I I'm asking you what? Oh, I forgot about Champ Bailey. You put him in front of Champ. You ain't answer the question. Are you putting him in front of Champ? You heard me? I'm listening. Yeah. Where would you put him? Where would you rank him? No, I ask you. No, I I'm asking how you asking me the question? Ask you Yes. No, I'm I'm asking you where do you rank him based on what you thought? I'm asking this bad. I I just asked this bad a simple question.


I gave him seven, eight names He talking about where would I rank it? Yeah, I ask you. Yeah, because listen, don't, oh, I get it. You gonna probably bump into him? Hold on, hold on, hold on. But at some point in time, Hey, hold On. It don't matter who I bump into This. Okay, well you gotta finish. The guy that I met you brother, He addressed you. Well, why are you asking me the question he address you? So I'm asking you, where do you rank him? I already done said it. I are you putting He's not in front of time. He's not in front of Reva's. He's not in front of Rod Wilson. He's not in front of Charles Wilson. He's not in front of Mel Blunt. He's not in front of Neils Williams. He's not in front of a a, a Champ. Bailey. That's seven. Okay, that's seven Guys. Okay, now stay segment. Now you, who is he in front of?


Is he top 10 all time in the history? Dick Knight train Lane, Amil Turner. Is he in? Hey, hey. I'm just asking. He got all these facts. Who is he in front of? I I tell you what, who is he in front of, of the list that I just named? Now? You, you, you, you name, you name all you, you name all time. Like all time. He talking like he all time.


Great. That's the problem. Nobody got a problem with him saying he's not good. We're talking about, he talking about I you talking about all time. Great. The guy that I list, he's at the front of the line time, male, blunt, defensive player of the year. Charles Wilson, defensive player of the year. WA Wilson, defensive player of the year. There've been a lot of guys. But number two, one is at the front of the line. Yeah. He talking like he in that group there a group. Look, we go into a room and the hall of Fame. Okay? We go into a room, we all into a room, but there's certain guy at certain tables. We in the room, but we not at that table.


Mm. He not even in the room. He on the outside. Hey, y'all know I played right? Yeah. But this for Big Dog. Keep it a stack. So I want Chad, y'all tell me of the guys that I list who he better than. I ain't mention Pat Pee. I ain't me Mr. Sherman yet. I just, I just gave y'all a couple of names. I want you to tell me who he better than, than the list I listed. Who y'all putting him in front of? Chap? Y'all put him in front of Dion. Y'all put him in front of Rivas. Y'all put him in front of Charles Woodson.


Rod Woodson. Y'all putting him in front of Male Blunt. Who are y'all putting Champ Bailey? Who are y'all putting him in front of? Asante Samuel. Who? Hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to, I'm trying to see, I'm trying to see what the Chad talking about. No, I, no, I want you to see what the Chad talking about. You played against him. What you talking about? You played against Charles Woodson. You played against Pat P you played against Shem. Who You putting in front hold? I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't play against Shem, but You know, You know I I I did, I did, I did. I did my thing everywhere I went. You hear me? It was la it was like Halloween.


If I knock on the door, I'm coming get some candy. I asking you a simple question of the guys that were mentioned, who is he in front of? And I I I wouldn't say in front of because you, you mentioned You know the greats, but he has, he has the numbers to be in the room. I know, I know that much. And you base everything off numbers. When you talk about, let, let me finish before you say anything. When you talk about MJ in comparison to Mi, to, to Michael Jordan, when it comes to the base, any other sport, we always bring up the numbers. But all of a sudden, yes, the numbers are ignored when it comes to now talking about the dude, Ain't none of Hold On In comparison.


In comparison, He got four Pro Bowl. Now listen, listen, all those got listen, hold on. This dude got four pro bowls. Listen to me. I'm not finished. Okay? But again, now we, we underst we, we, we understand. But when we do a comparison based on greatness, You know, we do everything. I'll tell what We do. Everything With numbers. What you got a former coach, your former coach had three pro bowls in 62 picks you taking he he dick Lebo. Oh, hey, what you, You like, what You know About Lebo? You like numbers? Hey, what You know about Lebo? You love numbers? What You know about me? You just told me numbers. Yeah, I mean that, that, listen, that's what everything is based off of, right? Yeah. We, no okay, numbers. Okay, let's go all pros, let's go Pro Bowls, let's go all decade, let's go defensive player of the year.


Right? Right. That's part of numbers also, right? Just not picks. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got you. See, I look at it like this. If you get six picks And you give up eight touchdowns, what have you done? Okay. I, I see what I see what you're doing. I got I I like that. I Like that. The job, the, I thought the job of a corner, right? Is to take away more than you give up. That's that's, that's a great convo. That's, that's a great debate. I'm Just waiting on this man to tell me who is he better then than the list I re named. Now we gonna have guess what, what? Let's have the conversation. Hopefully Lord spare both of our lives.


We're able to have a conversation another 10 to 15 years. We'll, we will. Now I'm gonna to, I'm gonna need to see a gold jacket on his back because all the guys that I've been to now, hey, Jalen Ram's gonna be coming up. Richard Sherman's gonna be coming up. Pat p's gonna be coming up. You see what he trying to do? Oh, it's all about marketing, bro. You played on the Patriots. Ty Law played on the Patriots. Ty Law got a red jacket and a gold jacket. So don't dare that bull job about marketing. If you who was on TV more than the Patriots ocho Oh, during, during that, during that 20 year run. During That time. Yeah. Woo. Nobody. Oh, so now it's marketing time. Ain't no marketing bro. Yeah, he market himself to know how to parlay that.


But that man on the field, you better go check them tapes. Hey, that's the, either you Can or you can. That's a great conversation, bro. That's a, that's a good one. Now. Oh, I, it's a good one. Win Brown. Mike Hayes. Mike Haynes got nine, like nine Pro Bowls. You better go check. That's a great convo. Well, lemme grab me Water man. Asante, You got me sweat, bro. Asante, you had a great career, bro. You good player. You just all I said you weren't tied And you had to get personal.


I don't know. I don't know why. I mean, if, if, if you wanted to come on nightcap to get to get your name out there, you coulda did that. Hey, hey, hey, hey, listen, that is a great convo, boy, you hear me? It's a great convo. What, What's a great combo? This one, I like this. I just obviously, it, it, you just, it is not me as the, the individual, but it, I'm just saying that's why I was telling you in His prime, is he better than Stefan Gilmore? And at some point, Hey Chad, don't y'all want, want you to chime in, hold on. Instead of just talking about, this is a great combo. Hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm You telling me, you telling, oh, This Nightcap fun and Ocho Hold on, hold on, hold on.


We Don't listen to each other. We go back and forth. I'm been Chiming in all, I've been chiming in all night. I'm listening to you now listen, Now you see me. Listen, he listening to me. Listen, he, He, Shannon sharp, he a long message to Shannon Sharp. So I'm just listening to what you about To say. What did he hold on, where did he address Shannon Sharp? What was Shannon Sharp speaking on? On what? On, on him. On Nightcap. Nightcap. Unc Ocho. Right? So your is your job. I get it, Chad. Y'all see Ocho don't want to time in he of Florida. OCHO might bump into it. Y'all know me. I don't give a Damn. I mean, and wouldn't bump have Anything, whatever what he heard the problem. Wouldn't Shannon Sharp, whatever Shannon Sharp say on Nightcap?


Nah, Shannon Sharp, if he Ben bumped into said player, Shannon Sharp is mad enough to stand on that, bro, you not Ty. You not Charles Woodson. You not Rod Woodson, you not Darrell Rivas you not male blunt. You not Mike Haynes. You not ll Green, you not Facts. Now, of the 10 guys that I named, find a coach, find a receiver that say Asante Samuel is better than any of those guys. See, and the, the way the, the way, the way you make it sound, oh, see you, you, you being mean.


You, Hey. Oh, were you, were you being, Hey you are you, you saying, Hey, you hear how you make it sound? You make it sound like, like Buddy was trash or something I didn't say was saying was the way, The way you, I'm just saying the way you talking, like you acting like we just sitting here talking about some, just some old bum. We, I'm, I'm just, I'm just curious. Ocho who Can I say? Yeah, I mean, and listen, I played the game. Listen, I played the game, right, Ocho, wait, stay with me, stay with me, stay with me real quick. I played the game on the other side of the ball. So I know I played against Prime, I played against ZI have a understanding of both and how good they were, what they, oh, hold on.


Great. His prime was and how good Zant was. So it's hard for me to sit here and say, You know, the, the, the way you doing when I saw it with my own eyes, I understand how great Prime is. But then I know what that young boy was doing as well when he was playing.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate. We're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All I said, I said he was good. I said he was a very good player. Had an unbelievable career. Look how you said it. He used the tech, so I don't, I changed. He used the technique. He used the technique. That time doesn't approve of two things can be true. Yes, sir. Okay. Some guys like to play press and open the gate. Yes, sir. Some guys like to press and put hands. Yeah. Whatever technique works for you. But he was talking as if he was the equivalent because he posted his stats and Times stats. Right. Saying look at our stats. Right.


So he's posting those stats as if he's the equivalent. Okay. And I said he is not, I didn't say he wasn't a good player. I said he went to Pro Bowls. I think he was an all pro. I know he won Super Bowls in New England. That's what I said. Right. He took a offense that I didn't co-sign him. I don't need no marketing. I don't need to cosign. I think everybody's known. I didn't have an opportunity to critique time when he played, when he went back for those two years. Right. Because he was mainly a safety and he didn't start the game. Okay, that's fine. But I've never had a problem critiquing any player.


I critique Tom Brady, Peyton, Manny, you name a player. Ray Lewis receiver. Oh. To o Randy. I've never had a problem critiquing because I'm basing it on my not intimate knowledge of the game and film study. When I was at CBS, I would watch film How many times when I was at CBS or Fox, when you ever heard a guy called Tell about Shannon Sharp. Don't know what the hell he talking about. Nah. That that ain't, that ain't gonna happen. See what y'all trying to do. Well you doing the That's not what I said. Nope. Nope. I never said, I've never see the difference is Skip tried to say, I said I was better than Tom Brady.


I said Tom Brady wasn't playing. Well, why would I as a tight end, compare myself to a quarterback? Okay. Right, right, right, Right. I would need to compare myself to Grump, to Kelsey or a tight end. Right. That's the only way you can get an equivalent. I said, I said, Yeah, Asante had a great career. Pro Bowls. Super Bowls. Now Guy, like I said, you wanna say Shannon, you ain't Trav. You ain't Gru. Right. You right. You gotta live with that. Right. You right, you got me right.


You got me. But I'm, I'm just confused. Hey, I I but look, bro, you, I gave how many, I gave you 15 minutes of Fame. Fame that you never would've got had you not mentioned me or time enjoy it. Now go back to your solitary life. Nobody's gonna, when was the last, I tell you what, Don Joe, when was the last time, prior to last night, when was the last time you heard somebody mention Asante Samuel, take your time. I'm gonna get me up.


I'm go get me some water. Take your time. Hey Chad. Y'all keep on. Hey. Anyway, Chad, we back on a little set. He's a little upset. Other than that, it's a great conversation. I like it. I like the dialogue. I like the back and forth. I like players also. What, what, what what we, what we always talk about having a belief, having not, not, not only belief in what you can do and what you've already done. And bring it to the forefront. Bring it to the forefront and supporting what it is you've done in comparison to someone else who is also great. And that's okay. Now, a lot of people won't see it that way as as, as you can see, including none.


But one thing I I I, I've always do see is if you were bad at what you do, then I will always come out and say that. But I, I played against both And I understand how good both were. I understand how great crime was. Obviously catching him on the tail end of his career, and obviously playing against Asante during his prime and understanding how good he was, how much of a student of the game he was. And what I'm not going to do is diminish what I was able to see for years while I was playing and understanding, watching film, I'm hearing, understanding how good he was and how savvy he was technically. You know? So it's different coming from someone that actually played on the opposite side and understand how good he was.


You know? So it's hard to see it, to say, oh, he's not been, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I had to go against this. I I had to go against that for years. So it's different. It's, it's different. You know, especially, and a lot of, a lot of people in the chat are obviously some of the comments on Twitter, on x, whatever it may be. Their feelings are always different as well, because it's based off who You know and what they've done. Hey, that was good. Hey, I'm, I I just asked you a simple question. Which one prior to last night and today, when was the last time you heard somebody mention Asti Samuel? Oh, I'm supposed to know I'm I be on Nightcap Every time.


A tie. They break a record Who record? They sit in there. The most 150 yard game. The most lost this, the most that every Sunday in the NFL season, on the tight end of something. Who name is up there when they have them names? He just passed this one. Who name is also up there? Ocho Ocho. Hey, Don't worry about Ocho and Chad. All I try to do, I try to, You know, try to go back and forth, but Ocho You know, Ocho like, hey, And we did, we did go back and forth. That was, that was a good one though.


Now No, you, well, you, you laughing. I'm, I'm saying I'm for real. That that was a good one. I don't, I don't That was a that was a good one. That was a good one. No, Hey, to eat on. I wish him the best. Wish him the best. Tom Brady had missed tension, had developed with Coach Belichick during the tenure, during the end of the quarterback's time with the Patriots in the latest edition of his weekly newsletter. Yes. Brady has a newsletter. I didn't know that. Brady briefly spent some time talking about the split from the Patriots. First Brady said he knew it was likely wouldn't end up finishing his career with the Patriots.


His first thoughts about leaving the team happen two or three years before it actually happened. It was a creeping decision that vividly passive in back of my mind two or three years until March of 2020 when the whirlwind of a few days made me realize that decision was coming sooner rather than later. Yeah. After 20 years together, a natural tension had developed between where Coach Belichick And I were headed in our careers and where the Patriots were moving as a franchise. And it was kind of tension that could only be resolved by some kind of split or one of us reassessing our priorities. Right? I mean, we could see that from a mile away. Everybody saw it.


Everybody saw it. Unc even though, even When that, when that self wickersham article came out. Yeah, Yeah. And they talking about the Jimmy G Yeah. It was a matter of time. Well, Listen, we you understand that as a quarterback. Why you think, why you think Aren Rogers felt the way he did when they got, when they got Jordan Love. Why you think Brett f felt the way they did when they got did when they got Aren Rogers? Yes. The writing was already on the wall. He understood that. Brady understood that. That's why he had to go upstairs and go to the higher up and ask, listen, I don't want this over my back. I don't want this over my shoulder. This, And I'm not comparing the situation. But as a competitor, you Brady, you shouldn't be worried about nothingness coming in there at all because of the decisions that, that that Bill Belichick wanted to make as far as moving on.


He was supposed to be your predecessor. Am I, am I using predecessor in the right context? No Damn Predecessor mean he proceeded, fuck. Well, oh my bad. He came after what, What word I'm supposed to use My my what You talking about Jimmy G? Yeah. His his a apparent Okay. A Yo Aart. Hey, my bad, my bad. Hey, my bad chat. I'm using big, I'm using words. I don't even know what they mean. It sounded good though. Yep, It did. It did. Hey, but anyway, You know, the competitor to him understanding that you, you on the tail And you on the back end obviously is Listen, I want to be able to play freely. I want my mind free. I want to, I I don't want to be out here being hesitant, being gun shy, knowing that if I mess up, y'all going, y'all, y'all gonna start the whole, You know, it, it is only a matter of time before they start the, the, the, the rumors and the chants.


We want Jimmy G and all that stuff. So I understand that. I want him gone. I don't even want him here. And I know that was a Robert, a Robert Craft decision. I I know it was, What happened was is that if you study the, if you study the 49 ERs Yeah. For the most part, after 10 years, coach Walsh, you look at Ronnie, you look at Roger Craig, you look at a lot of the guys, only they start. And so you start, you move off a guy, right? The thought process was ocho Yes sir. You move off a guy one year early as opposed to one year late. Coach Belichick had studied the history and says, You know what, guys start to taper off.


And if we don't have that bridge, we're gonna be like the Pittsburgh Steelers. Right? Until they got Rothberg from Terry Bradshaw. We're gonna be like the Miami Dolphins. We're gonna be a lot, like a lot of these other teams, the buck, excuse me, the, the Buffalo Bills. Jim Kelly, until they got Josh Allen. So if we don't start a succession plan now, successor air parent, whatever you want to use the term what Jimmy G was supposed to do. Coach Belichick says, what I've studied, what I've learned is teams wait too long to find the successor or the he parent to said, great quarterback, I don't wanna make that mistake. I want to have a guy in place, get him a couple years under his belt, push him out the door, the guy steps in.


Right. That's what he wanted. Yeah. But, but Tom was saying, hold on. Damn, I'm going to the Super Bowl damn near every other year. Right. Every turn, second or third year, I'm still a a a an MVP candidate. I'm still going to Pro Bowls. Right. And you talk about I'm slipping. What, what are you watching? Mm. And when they redid Tom's contract and they didn't add years, they just took that bonus and gave it to him upfront. I said, it's done. Go back and go back and look at I said, it's done. I said, you're not coming back. I remember, I remember he he ain't coming back. Yeah. He ain't not coming back. But listen, and the, the the grip, because here's the thing, Ocho, when you have success, see, as long as you don't mind who gets the credit, you don't realize how successful you can be.


Here we go. It started to be a push and pull because everybody, because we talked about all the time, who deserves more credit? Belichick or Brady? Belichick or Brady. There is no way to definitively tell unless they left one left one if one leaves Right and wins without the other. What's no, duke, there it is. Right. Tom leaves wins a championship in his first year. Yeah. Gone. Yes, sir. Okay, now Coach Belichick, Now you get a chance to answer. Right. I ain't saying you gotta win one the the next year. Right. But you gotta win. Right. But it went the other way. He got to the playoffs was like, okay, maybe he, maybe he got something. Yeah.


But then boom, boom, he stepped off a cliff. Tom still played at a, an elite level. Yes, sir. He won the Super Bowl. He got to the playoffs every year. There you have it. Yeah. And you, the reason why the Patriots won was because of one two, not the only reason, but now people was willing to give him more of a credit. Yeah. And and also you have to understand when, when one two leaves, when he Leaves up, leaves New England, in order for Bill Patriots, Robert Craft, to still have that continued success, you got to have the heir apparent at the most important position on the field that touches the ball. Every play. You got to have one of those.


Huh? You have to have one of those to compete. You got to, yes. Now those, those some big, some big shoes, you got to feel. But it's, it's it. Boy, that's a tall task. Especially when you talking about filling the shoes of the greatest of all time. Yeah. But the thing was that I, that I'm concerned about is that Coach Belichick had an up close and personal look at Tom and he know how motivated he was by the slightest of slight Oh yeah. You put the biggest slight in a, on the world on this man. It wasn't that he was drafted into the sixth round. It wasn't that he had to start as a backup even after the greatness in which he had displayed for you for 20 years. Yeah. You was willing to push him out. Can you imagine Ocho Yeah.


20 years of excellence, six Super Bowls, all those appearances, nine appearances. And you say, You know what? We appreciate your services, but we think the guy that we got behind just better. Yeah. So what do you think that was gonna do for Brady if you think he was motivated by not being the first quarterback taken? Right. But one of the middle quarterbacks taking, he was taken in the sixth round 1 99. You just put the biggest, you've just put the biggest target on your back. Right. That was a good one. The Volume


famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed Fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use Code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and six time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got a podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.