
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video. This Thursday the Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. Join Al Michaels Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this Hollywood Showdown. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Los Angeles, not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply. sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel at any time. It's the Vikings and Rams at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video Restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match Live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart, tlo Efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/mo a. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X


The. Volume


Tdt, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the DraftKings Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia. Visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho check this out. And now for our time. Next segment. Oh, we got graphic damn Ocho. Now's time for our next segment. Landscaping the field brought to us by our friends at Scott's Lawn Care. But you didn't know Ocho fault is the perfect time to feed your lawn. Give your lawn a boost with Scott's Turf Builder Winter Guard. Recover from the summer prep for the winter Scott's winter guard. Push your grass on the road to recovery from damaged caused by the summer heat. Feed your lawn Scott's turf builder Winter guard this fall to build strong deep roots for a better lawn. Next spring. Repair from summer fun. Strengthen for the winter. Prepares for spring secures for f secures your fall. Fun for you. Pick up a bag of Scot's turf builder Winter Guard today. Feed your lawn. Feed it ocho.


Our top 10 results are number one, Texas loses to number five, Georgia 30 15. The number two Oregon Ducks. 35 Purdue Boilermakers. Zilch, Penn State. Ohio State. Were on buys the Miami Hurricanes 52. Louisville 45, Alabama. Number seven, Alabama loses to number 11, Tennessee 24 14. The number eight LSU Tigers. Bingo. Tigers lose the be Arkansas. 24 to 10 I 2014 what? 34. Oh, who put 24 up there? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Oh, go put. 24 34. That ain't what you wrote up here. 34 to 10 Iowa State. Iowa State UFC is in progress. Isn't that game over? Yeah. Iowa State come back at 1 38 35. Right. 38, 35. Iowa State won and Clemson won 48 31 of Virginia ocho. Yo ask you a question. Yes sir. How many times are we gonna watch these college kids do something spectacular only to let the ball go at the one yard line? Listen, I can't even talk trash. I can't even say nothing. Tell Ash, send it to you real quick.


Fiesta Bowl, 2000, Oregon State versus Notre Dame. I'm going down the sideline. I score man. It might have been 70, 70, 60 something yards. What you think I did before I crossed the gold line? Dropped the ball, Dropped the ball. But I left the ref so far behind they couldn't even see it. So I can't even chastise the player that did it for goddamn damn. It was UUCF. Right? UCFI. Listen, I can't even talk trash 'cause I did the same goddamn thing when I was in college. Right? You caught the line. Guess what Ocho Huh? They lost 38, 35. Guess what that touchdown would've done That Touchdown. That touchdown would've. Man, listen. Ooh, that hurt.


That hurt. But y'all keep doing it. Y'all get, you keep hoping you're gonna make Sports Center, but you're making it for a different reason. Right. For the now guess what? That's on your resume. That's forever where they go. Top 10 plays of not not top 10 plays. Bonehead plays You on there. Yeah. Yeah. So he did it Deshaun Jackson did it. Deshaun Jackson, if I'm not mistaken, did it in high school. Oh, he did it in high school and college At the, at the Army All American when the Army All American game. And he did it again in 2008 on Monday night against the Cowboys. Yeah. So he didn't learn his lesson from high school.


He said, you know what, I'm gonna skip college. I'm gonna bring it back when I get to the NFL. Yeah. I I, I never forget that boy. I got, I got lucky Ojo. What game tonight had the biggest playoff implication? The biggest playoff implications? Shoot. Probably, probably that Alabama loss. That probably has the biggest playoff implications. Listen, they coming off their second loss. They cut off their second loss. They still gotta play LSU sometime, sometime in November. They still, after LSU they still have two more ring teams. Yeah. They got LU and they still got Ole Miss and they got Auburn in the Iron Bowl.


And they, and you know what, for, for Alabama, unless the quarterback play becomes better and you don't turn the ball over and you get a running game with some of these rank teams that you are, that you are going to play it. It is, it's, it's looking real bad. It's, it's looking real bad. Alabama boss. Well, Real bad. The only thing they can really hope for is that I just don't see it. Ocho Yeah. I I I think it's more probable. It's more, more probable than not. Right. Did they lose four games and miss the SEC and miss the college football playoff than they run the table and make the SEC championship game and make the college football playoff?


I think the first is more probable. I think they lose at least at bare minimum two more games. Two more or three. At least two. Okay. Okay. L-S-U-N-L-S-U ole miss. Ugh. Oh man. That, that's, it just don't seem like Alabama, just the, the thought and seeing Alabama struggle. It doesn't even look right on tv. It don't even look right like it, I, it, it's, it is weird. It, it's weird just seeing an office that we're used to seeing receivers go crazy week in and week out, which they have been doing.


But to see what Tennessee was able to do, the Alabama today defensively, man, they couldn't run the ball. They couldn't throw the ball. I mean it was, it was Nathaniel nothing. Two was aiming to return to practice on Wednesday. Oh. And if all goes well, we could see him start week eight against the Cardinals. That's what I thought. Mike McDaniel told the play, told players that to a practice window will open Wednesday and the quarterback intends to participate. Barring any setback to would be in line to start October 27th. Tua suffered his third concussion in two years. And the dolphins week two, loss against the bills.


His latest brain injury prompted several renowned calls for him to renew, excuse me, renewed calls for him to consider retiring to protect his health. But after consulting with independent neurologist, he has no intention of retiring. I told you he wasn't retiring anyway. So ain't, you know man, man ain't retiring man. You know, I understand health is, is a, is a, a sole focal point that the, that the team and the doctors wanna focus on. But as a competitor, as a warrior, as a uso, you know, it's just, that's just, just not in, just not, it's not in him. And then also being able to prove to all the doubters that you are worthy of the contract that you just signed.


Oh, you think you gonna hang it? He gonna hang it up. No. As a competitor, he's just not, despite the health risks that are at hand, you know, It's tough. Yeah. Very. And I get it Very, I mean maybe had I known the seriousness of concussions that we know now, right. Maybe I would rethink some of the things that I did ocho. Right. But we didn't know 20 years ago what we know now. And guess what, 20 years from now they'll know more than what they know now. Now. But Ocho lemme tell you something. Without help, without your help all the money in the world, it don't mean think about how much money people spend trying to be healthy.


Trying to be young. Trying to look young. Yeah. Yeah. All the money. And when it comes down to it, what do you want? Yeah. Help, help Think about that. Yeah. All the money. 30 billion, 50 billion, a hundred billion. And everybody wants to be healthy at the end. So you, the question that you have to ask yourself, somebody having to bathe you in your twenties or early thirties. Somebody having to do everything for you in your twenties or thirties.


You don't even know your family in your twenties and thirties. I get it. Ocho you and I both played and we, I could only imagine I had a brother had it taken from him. The doctor was straight up honest with my brother. Right. He told him, he said, son, if you was my son, I, I'd I I would advise you not to play. I would advise you not to play. Right. He said, you got, I lucky. He says, I'm not so sure the next time you'll be this lucky. He said, you very lucky. You're not a para, you're not a paraplegic. Very. No. He said A quadriplegic say you extremely lucky son.


That's all my brother needed to hear. Right. I get it. Boy, hey, I'm gonna take a lot of time before I make that decision on your, That's Tough. 'cause guess what, you know what happened, Ocho, when you get one, it's easy to get another one. Yeah. Lack of Boxing and Ocho. He out ain't getting concussions. Ocho he ain't getting concussions. Which I got bing, I got dinged a little bit. Let's go to the tent. Right. He getting concussions. They taking his ass to the locker room immediately. He's out for the rest of the game. Game the game. He's going stiff. Yeah. Fingers curled, hands stuck.


Yeah. That's traumatic brain to injury. Yeah. But at the end of the day, that's his decision to make. Yeah, I see. I see It. You gather as much information as you possibly can. You sit around with your family, friends and loved ones, the people that you count on, that you trust and you try to make the best informed decision. But the three concussions that he had, ocho those are not Dean. No, they, they, well, Were you Ocho they coming to get him? Well, You saw Ocho you saw him in Cincinnati.


Yeah. And in Buffalo. You saw him in Buffalo. He got dinged. He ocho he got dinged the week before Cincinnati. And they talk about it was his wrist, it was his ankle. And then you put it right back out there on a Sunday. Sunday. Yeah. Sunday. I mean, excuse me, that was a Sunday. You put him right back on the field on a Thursday. Thursday. I just, man what a what? A what a what's that? What they call that? That that the concussion cap. The guard the guardian cap. The guardian cap. Put the guardian cap on. I know it's ugly, but hey, Sh shh.


It it, if, if, if it can help, if it can help wear it. That's if it can help. I mean that's the thing though, Ocho I mean just like, like I said, man him, he get in that position. You see the head fingers crook. You see the arm stiff? That's Yeah. I forgot, I forgot what it's actually called, but, Well, you get in that position, it's called posturing. I think, I think that's the term that they used the medical term though. Coach Tomlin continued to remain mom on the Steeler starting quarterback plan for Sunday night.


George Picky George Pickens seemingly confirmed Russell Wilson would make it first start of the seasons against the New York jet. When asked whether he's been working with Wilson, actually during Practice Pick said, yeah, we've been getting on the same page after practice throwing more than usual because it's his first start. Right. But a half an hour before figures interview Mike Co. Mike Toley declined to reveal anything about the plan, would ask whether he was ready to name a starter, hit Apple or show it slipped out. George, Georgia, Georgia Fool boy, Hey, He ain't know no better. But here's the thing.


That's where Mike Toley used, say, look guys, we gonna keep a lid on this. Yeah. We not a Russell's gonna start. Yeah, Well you don't need to tell Russell because if he's taking the first team start, if he's taking the first team rep, we know who the hell gonna start. Right. I Ocho aren't mistake, I, I opened my big old mind. We playing, we, we, we playing, we playing somebody. John didn't play and they asked, when did you know John was gonna start? Oh, we knew all week. Hell, he didn't take no reps. Oh, Ja went on the injury report. Exactly. So now the team get fined 50 grand.


Yeah. I said, y'all shoulda have told me I wasn't supposed to say nothing. Yeah. It it, it's been so much controversy about who's starting and who going do what and listen, if, if, I think people need to understand or remember that Mike Tomlin named Russell Wilson the started before the season started. So the fact that Russ, you know, inconveniently got hurt as far as his calf energy before the season started, despite the Steelers playing as well as they are, if you're healthy, the person you named the actual start of the team should get his job back. And it's his job now to lose. I know some people will say, well, if you're going with Russell Wilson now after a four and two start, you really can't go back to Justin Fields.


Actually yes you can. Yes you can. If you, if Russell Wilson's not playing up the par, if he's not playing as efficient as Justin Fields was, then the change will be made. Again, if you're putting your team in harm's way and things aren't going the way they should and Mike Thompson doesn't see fit, that the direction of the team offensively well as a whole ain't going the way it should, the way it should be going. There's a change is gonna be made again. Can ask you a question. Yes sir. Is Justin Fields playing better than you thought he would, worse than you thought he would, or about what you thought he would be playing? Way better.


Way better. And you know why he's playing way better? Because they're not asking to do much. They're not, he doesn't have a How would you think they gonna ask Russ to do? No, I'm, I'm, no, I'm I'm just saying, when he was in Chicago, he had to, he had to be Superman. He had to be, he had to do everything. So on his plate, it is not as much being asked of him, but what we do ask of you, don't turn the ball over. Make the throws, take what they give you defensively don't force anything. And he's done a great job of that. He's done a really good job of that. He's been playing phenomenal football. So I could probably understand what his frustration would be with him not starting. But of course his answer to the media is they say everything pc they say all the right things.


That's not how you truly feel. You are four too. You feel you should be the motherfucking starter. I'm sure there are probably people on that team that feel the same way. They just can't say it. But Mike Thomas promised Russell Wilson that starting job. That is why Russell Wilson started. Justin Fields started Pittsburgh's first six games of the year. Helped the team finish with get to a four, two record. Diana Rossini, the athletic, reported that the choice has resulted in confusion. What the hell is Mike Tomlin doing? That's the question being asked around the league. Including in the Steelers own building. Even in the building of the New York Jets.


Pittsburgh's seven apartment opponent, as Tomlin has said, to make a curious quarterback change on Sunday night, CE Rossini noted that Fields has support of his teammate and is still expected to see some limited playing time against the Jets. Some around the league poses a question. If you're going to switch quarterback who hasn't taken a live regular season snap, why do it against the fierce jet defense? Pittsburgh has the New York Giants next week. Wouldn't it make more sense for Wilson the debut then? Nah. Hell nah. I ain't get your get your feet wet. What better team to get your feet wet.


Get yourself acclimated in the goddamn jets. Don't throw me out there. Don't throw me out there against the goddamn sorry. Edge. Oh shoot. No disrespect. Don't throw me out there against the Giants. Let me show you what I could do against the team that's supposed to be good. And we gonna get jiggy. I listen for his sake. I hope he plays well for his sake. I hope he plays well and it is a good test for him. The fact that they are playing the goddamn just defense, which is I think, if I'm not mistaken, rank number one in the league or maybe number 2 1 1 or the other. You do realize they gonna heat him up? Oh yeah. Because they, they feel they got the kind of guy that can lock up.


You take SAS Gardner and say, you got George Pickens, you got Reed, you got the other guy. They gonna bring pressure. They gonna test that calf. Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Boy Mike Tomlin. They better, y'all better win this game. You better win this game now. You making a very unpopular decision. Yeah. Trust me. Yeah, well see. Listens. One of the things as a coach, sometimes people aren't, aren't gonna agree with you when it comes to making difficult decisions. And this is one he listen. It is, it is all on Rush. It's all on Rus to make Mike Tomlin look good on the decision that he decided to make.


Because I'm just trying to figure out, I'm just trying to figure out what Mike Tom thought he was gonna get with Justin Fields. You said you believe Justin Fields has played better than you thought, right? Clearly Mike Thomas think he's played worse. Yeah. Listen, I I think he's played, he's played very well. I think his expectations, based on what Mike probably had for him in this season, he exceeded those. I think he exceeded those expectations coming in. And then you go to Russell Wilson, even though he's exceeded your expectations. Yes. Because you've already promised Russell Wilson the job. We don't know what conversations they've had before the season started and let them know it's your job to lose it. Just the fact that he got hurt and he wasn't able to start the beginning of the season.


So now he's giving him job back now that he's healthy because the conversation was already had that you are the starter. But again, if things aren't going well, I I do, I do see Mike making a change, making a change. And he won't hesitate. He won't hesitate. Might be too late. O Joe. My they four and two, they got plenty of time. That's my point. You making my point When you say they're four and two? Yeah. Yeah. So all Rus gotta do is go in there and pick up where they left off. But what happens when he doesn't?


Ah, let's think. Let's, I'm, I'm think, listen, I'm thinking optimistic. I want him to do well except when they play the Bangles. I want him to do well. Ocho. Yes Sir. How many times players have gotten lied to All the time? What happened? All time. So, so now's unique to Rus because coach to promised him the job. Hey, it's, it's part of the business, huh? That's my point. Hey, one thing about Mike Tolin, boy, he's a standup guy and he's not the type that's gonna lie to you. I bet you go ahead on that b make y'all the standup guy. He's a standup guy.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.9 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that She was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Hey, it's Austin James. If you're like me trying to live your best life while living with diabetes, you can relate to worrying If you're doing a good job managing your diabetes. I use the Freestyle Libre three plus sensor to get real time glucose readings and see the impact of every meal and activity to make better decisions. The Freestyle Libre three plus sensor can help me live life with diabetes on my own terms, and it gives me more time for the things I love, like being a dad and a musician. Now this is progress. Learn more@freestylelibre.us for Prescription only. Safety info found@freestylelibre.us.


Hi Ocho. Now it's time for q and a. Hey, that buddy Andrea Kenny Ocho. Don't ever apologize for not being politically correct. Your authenticity is what we all love. Yeah. Keep being you unapologetically. That's What I'm talking about. That's what I'm, that's you know what, that's all I need to hear. That's all I need to hear. That's what, you know what? I, I don't even know who told me that. I don't know. I mean, what's your name? What's your fucking name? I fucking Andrea Keeny. Andrea, I love you. Not the fact that I wasn't gonna change anyway 'cause I've been the way I've always been all these years. But the fact that you just failed me that anyway.


To tell me to remain my authentic self. That's it. I never changed. No, no. She said OCHO don't ever apologize for not being politically correct. Right, right. Which means, which means, oh, he played really, really good. Oh, they doing that really, really well. No, you misheard what she said. Oh, Okay. Well part of that. Okay, well that that too, that too. I'm gonna stay doing just whatever you just said for me to do. And I motherfucking love you on game Twin Brandon Holderman said, when in the history of the game, has ref went back and changed the penalty. I've never seen it before.


Also, Beck has started to turn the ball over a little bit too much for my liking. But we got the win Go dogs. Yeah. I, I haven't seen it. Has it ever happened before at any level? Collegiate. N-F-L-I-I. Ocho I'm sure it has. I mean, OCHO we, we, we've seen Oh, we've seen got officials pick up the flag. There's no penalty on the plate. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But not when you already done marked it off. Oh yeah. And called it and called it what it was. Yeah. You done Mark. You done marked it off. You done moved the ball. Right. And now they throw trash on the field.


You get together and you huddle up. Oh, that wasn't a penalty. Yeah. We made, we made the wrong call. Yeah. Yeah. No, I I I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it. Not in my lifetime. I haven't. Unc who's Uhno Wood Jr. Said unc. And my question is, who's better? Alabama quarterback Melrose or two athletic wise? Well, Melrose's better at Melrose's better athletically. Tua is a better quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. Tua came move back there now came No, no, no, no. Came no. Mel has better athleticism. But two is a better, was a better, we'll have to see what Melrose's gonna be in the NFL.


But two is a way better college quarterback than two is, that's not even close. They're not even the same stratosphere. Little Steelers. Hurricane youth football org says, what do Cam Ward has to do to, to be taken over? Shado cam is going ballistic. Hey, that's a good one right there. 'cause both are playing really well. Yeah. Both are playing really, really, really well. Really well. I think the thing is, when evaluate a quarterback Right? You gotta project, there has to be some projections.


Right. Three to five years. Who do you think will be better? Depends on where they go. Well, that, that's always, but even so in that projection, I gotta project that I believe that quarterback A will be better than quarterback B. Right. Quarterback B will be better than quarterback C. Yeah. I, I don't Think that's, that's, that's all, that's all you got. Because we've seen Shado, when he played well at Jackson State, they said, well, he's doing that because he's at a, he's a big fish in a small pond. He goes to Colorado and he puts a very impressive number. Same thing. Yeah. So I don't really know what else he can do. He's playing at a Power five school.


He's putting up good numbers. He can flat out spin it. He throws with in great, he throws with great anticipation. His anticipatory skills. Yeah. But next level, great ball placement. Does I, I I think sometimes he does hold onto the ball a little too long. Yeah. But that's something that, you know, we could work with. Say son, it's okay. It's okay to throw the ball away, Live to see another day. Make sure we live to see another day. Make sure you don't take us out a field goal range because you know, sometimes, you know, quarterbacks, we got a 40 yard field goal. You take a sack. Now you've taken us out a field goal range. Right. But it's gonna be very interesting to see, I mean, a lot of, a lot of draft boards now have shado as the number one quarterback.


So it's just gonna be, it's just gonna be interesting. I think it's gonna be who's selecting in the spot and what appeals to you. Right. Because at the end of the day, Ocho, it's all about your choice. I mean, we already know, you know, you gotta type, you like light skin, Dominican hair. That what you like, curvy body. That's what you like. That's, that's your choice. O you Shake. I like that. You know, you know, You know I, you know, you, you kind of, you kind of wrong.


You kind of wrong. But I like, you know, I like when I open a pack of a pack of Skittles. Right. Yeah. You know, I, I don't pick and choose which colors I eat. I, I'm fitting to eat all of them. You nah, Ocho I'm looking at your, I'm looking at your resume. Well, if you look at my resume, just look at M kids. Nah, ain't talking about being, I I been, I been dip, I've been dipping, I've been dipping in, in heavy chocolate For years. I I know, I know about the, I know about the last three, Maybe 2, 3, 2. I know what you don't know. I know about though. Oh shit. Tell, tell, tell, tell, tell, tell. Oh, No, no, no. That gonna be off air. I told you I was hell when I was.


Well, Hey, but listen, you know what it, it don't count though. It don't count because if I don't go public then it ain't never happened. Oh, it happened? Nah. If I oh, it happened. If, if it, if it wasn't public, it ain't happening. I, I would, I would next time me and you together. Yeah. You gonna let, you gonna say how you find out? Nah, I'm, hey, hey, I'm not be like Uhuh. That, that, that wasn't me. You know that, that would be our little secret. You don't, for, for a nominal fi I'll be able to keep it on the hush. I didn't keep that thing Listen long, long as it long. Hey, is it if it's old? I ain't finna mess. I ain't finna mess up. I ain't finna mess up my, my nephew or my niece Happy home.


Oh nah, nah, you know, they listen. What is home? Listen. Where she at? Well, by, by the way, where Rel at man? Man, she about what, 30 girls, man, they in Turks. She still In Turks and Caco. Man. She, they done went back for, for her birthday. That where when was RA's birthday? Day before yesterday. Day before yesterday. 17th On the 16th. Oh my, my back the 16th. Okay. My daughter's on the 15th. Oh for Real? Yeah. My dad's on was the 14th of my grandma's zone. Was the 13th. Woo woo. Well you back to back to back. Right back to back to back. Yep. Yeah, they out there. Man. It's about about 20, 20, 27 of 'em out there. You should have told me. Me and you could have took a trip over there, Ocho.


I ain't going nowhere. It's work time boy. I don't want none of that. Okay. That what I like to hear. See, I'd like to hear That's, that's me. We grinding. I don't know. I don't know how the wifi work over there in Turks. I'm good. I told Grinding don't ask me to go nowhere until after Super Bowl. Oh. Y'all hear that chat now? That's the old show I'm talking about. That's the old show I've been looking for. That's the o show I've been looking for right now. Ain't going nowhere. You like me. No, ain't no, ain't nothing happening. Unless you know it's work related. That's it. Because I just got back from, I just got back from LA today. Left yesterday back. Just got back from New York on Thursday.


LA today back back to LA on Tuesday, then to Atlanta. Back then back to New York. Hold On. You think that's bad? What? What's, what's the date today? Watch this. Watch this 19th Today. Today the 19th, right? Yep. We got Nightcap tomorrow. Yep. I fly to Philly. Then the next day I fly to Houston. I do inside NFLI fly to Houston for my daughter's Coronation. She won, she's homecoming queen at Prairie View a and m. Right. I leave Prairie View. Prairie View a m Wednesday. No, I fly in Wednesday. I leave the following morning for Thursday night football in la. So I'm going from Houston to LA after the Thursday night football. I gotta fly Friday morning back to Miami to work the MLS game Commentate analyst.


So from there, after Friday, I fly back to Houston again. Saturday for the homecoming game. Prairie View is playing. I forgot who they playing. Saturday. I got ncap ncap, I'm back to Vegas on the 31st. I go from Vegas back to Miami. ncap ncap, then back to Philly again. Yeah. And that's my, that's my month of, that's my month of to finish off October. Yeah. I see. They mess up my, you know they messing up my, what you call them? My workout schedule. Oh. Oh. I get my, I would just get right. I get my workout in no matter where I'm at. If I gotta wake up early, I get it in.


If I'm traveling, I wake up a little earlier, about an hour, hour before I gotta be in. I'm getting that workout in right now. I'm about, I'm about about two 15 right now. Hmm. Minus 15, minus 35. Sheldon Post. Said who would win any type of two on two competition between UNC and John Ocho and Carson? Well, so it's And what competition? Any, anything competitive? Yeah, I guess Theall, basketball, bowling, tennis. Racketball. Handball. I mean, John and UNC wouldn't beat me and Carson and nothing.


Chess Connect four. Nah. John gonna beat y'all in chess. I'm gonna beat you in Checkers. Checkers. Spades, spades, Punk Uno. Y'all wouldn't beat us in nothing. Ojo Shooting, first of all, playing, First of all, Ojo. Y'all don't even play Spade. Y'all don't play spades at PWIs. Who? I ain't gonna no pwi. I, So we play spades at black colleges. You have to be a spade ologist. What do you mean? I'm from a, where I grew up at. Huh? I've been playing spades since 1973. What did you talking about? Y'all didn't even play spades. So we have spades tournaments. We had tournaments.


Y'all ain't have no spade. Nothing did. Man, we just talk, man, I want unc when I was locked up, I, I won a spade tournament in jail. What you talking about? So with that being, with that being said, yeah Uno, if they gotta do, do they got a, a draw 59 Uno. I don't like the fact that they gentrifying Uno. I don't like that they got too many, all these new, all these new goddamn rules. They tripping. Yeah, but y'all be, y'all be, they be doing too much. You can't drop. They be dropping like three, four draw folds back to back.


Nah, you can't. That's not how you play the game. Huh? They gotta, UNO got draw 100 now. Ocho. Yeah. See they, they, they, they messing up the game. I, I played the original Uno. I'm not playing all that new, that new gen gentrified doing. Man, I'm quitting. Somebody drop a draw four or draw a hundred on me. I'm quitting. I'm out. I ain't drawing no damn hundred cards that damn did the whole day. How the hell you gonna win a game? Unless, unless you know, you gotta figure Ocho, you gonna have some draw tens and draw twenties up in there. Right. Everybody gonna get the half. But you got the, so how many cards in a deck?


500? Yeah. I don't, I don't like that I the original game before all these new rules and all this new stuff and having new cards and you write down what you wanna put on them. Like the game moves very, very fast. If you know how to play Uno the right way with people that play Uno the right way, all that new stuff, it just, it's, it's unnecessary and it slows the game down tremendously. And Uno's supposed to be a fast game. It's What's up. Unc been following you since undisputed a huge plan. Wish we met, wish we meet. Wish to meet you one day. I know you've done it, but can you give the summary of the type of impact Lawrence Taylor had between What's up Ocho Love you.


He's the greatest defensive player ever. He's the TJ Watts, the Von Millers, the Michael Pars, all those guys. The Derrick Thomases, the Cornelius Bennetts, all those guys that came. That's because of him. He made two osi. He's the only player that made two positions. Fans. He made the outside linebacker and he made the left tackle famous. Yeah. Because if you didn't have a left tackle, you couldn't beat the Giants. Yeah. Sometimes The Washington, wet Washington, If he had that tackle, you couldn't beat him. You damn sure he had to be Premier. Joe Gibbs installed an offense just to deal with Lawrence Taylor.


That's Crazy. They added the H back, which was an extra tight end to deal with him. The chop, the strip sack. It wasn't good enough for LT to knock your quarterback down. He is like, well hell, I'm back here now. Let me get the ball. Let me see if I can get the ball. He started that chop. Yeah, He, he is the, you don't go past lt. I mean look, there might be, okay, maybe Reggie, maybe the, but LT is generally thought of as the greatest defensive player who have ever played in the National Football League. Ever. And deservedly so. He's that good. He was, he was. That everything that you hear about lt, whoever you think your best defensive player is, LT was better.


So whoever you think the best, whoever the greatest defensive player that you laid eyes on and I'm, I'm old enough to remember I was playing the league when Reggie White was in his prime when Bruce was in his prime. I'm talking about all the premier defensive guys. Cortez, Kennedy time, Ray Lewis, I was in the league with all of them. It was different. 56 Derek Thomas. And I've seen some good, I've seen some great defensive players. I'm talking about great. I mean a lot of guys that I played against were on that, that hundredth anniversary team. Yeah. 56. The original lt. He him, he, him, he's him.


Darnell Thompson. Can we get a shout out in Maryland? Turks beating USC. Damn USC. Oh they about to fire Lincoln Riley. Stan Lan about to go. He ain't gonna finish the season. And why are you not a Georgia fan? What's the story? Hey, congrats TURPs beating USC Damn man link. They about to get you up outta there bro. You got gotta turn that thing around fast. Faster the faster than normal. Yeah man, you know what? I've never been a Georgia Bulldog fan. No. How you, you from right down the street. I have because everybody, man, look it man. Everybody be playing that damn song man.


Look here if you badly. Hey man, they love them bulldogs man. Oh yeah man. When they be playing o your man, hey you see them thing line up on nine, five and 16 headed headed up. Well not nine five, would it be coming down nine five going? Right. And the crossover get on 16 and head to head to Georgia. And you gotta realize I was growing up when Georgia was at the height. I'm talking when they had Herschel Walker and Buck Balloon and, and and Lindsey Scott. Yeah, Yeah. Tron Jackson. They had all them. Yeah. When they had Coach Dooley and they was winning National championship.


They played for National Championship, they won the national championship Herschel's freshman year and then they lost I think two years later to Penn State. Hmm. Yeah. Nah, I mean I look, I like Kir, I like Kirby, But nah, nah. King go Vine between zero and a hundred. What are the chances my bears make the Super Bowl one Zero and a hundred. Yeah, I'm listen, I mean, Caleb Williams is coming along really well as opposed to how he looked at the beginning of the season.


I give you a five One, hold on. In the next 10 years. Oh, you talking about this year? I'm I, yeah. If he even think about this year, I know he ain't thinking about this year That I'm saying that. Why? I gave a one. I gave, I gave him a five. We got, I got, I wanna give him some hope. I couldn't say zero because zero ain't no hope. He does. He realize like Detroit and Minnesota's in his division. Woo. Hey it's a good one. It's A good, Hey hold on. Ojo. Lemme take that back. Minnesota, green Bay and Detroit.


All of 'em balling too. Yes. Balling. Damn. It is a good game tomorrow, man. I can't remember who it is. Oh, Detroit, the Vikings Detroit play the Vikings. Oh that's gonna be a good one. Boy. I can't wait. Oh, That's the game. Monday night you got the 49 ERs play Kansas City. Kansas City. Yeah. But Yeah, you know spas know how to spas know how to deal with them. Make shooting the la the last two games they owe the 49 ERs Oing two. They, what's gonna be the difference now? They say the Bears gonna have a better record than than the Bengals. You They bet, bet. Whoever said that won't put no money on it.


Bet that you always try to bet somebody. Yeah, like that. My bet would be small. I don't bet nothing over a hundred dollars. Lainey Ray says, Hey guys, what do you miss most about playing football? Competing and practicing Locker room. Competing and practicing. Oh, pull up there. Who is that? Who Grandma got was on the screen? Who that was? I dunno what you mean. How you not gonna know who that is? Yo didn't see that with the screen. Who Grandma was that on the screen? That's Miss Nikki Grant. Hey, that was cool.


Tell him come back. Huh? No, don't come back. What? I missed the locker room. Yeah, I missed, I just missed the camaraderie with the guys. That's what, that's what I missed. Yeah. I didn't miss the I didn't miss the paychecks. I didn't miss the crowd. I didn't miss, I didn't miss any, I just missed the guys. I just missed having fun. Just bull jiving with the guys in the locker room in the training room on the practice before. Practice on the, on the bus. The plane rides. That's what I miss. I miss practice.


I miss competing in practice and creating bulletin board material through the media each week. That's it. I missed practice man. Ba some fun days. When you Leaving at George? Somebody grab my popcorn on screen. You saw it. You saw it. Oh. Somebody gonna get y'all. You get y'all privileges is remote ball lady said my daddy said kiss the same frog. You're fishing in the same pond. I date a person, not the persona. Make cuts, make cuts off easy.


Have y'all dated the type or do you go outta your norm? What are the three must haves? Three Must have pretty feet. Good credit Ain't got nothing to do with me. You ain't gotta have no feet. Listen. Pretty feet. Good credit. You gotta have something going on pretty feet. Good credit. Gotta have got your head a little jaw got your head. Just a little motion. You ain't got have much. Just a little motion. Just a little bit. You get your little motion I can add to that. You ain't got nothing going on. That means your liability. I can't do nothing with that.


I Did. I can't say I did. I used to have a type. For Real? Yeah. Fuck. Well everybody, everybody have a type and a Preference. Huh? Man, you about make, you about to make me careful here man. Everybody got a type and a preference. Yeah. Oh, I know you got one. Who me? You. I'm talking to you all. Yeah. I got a preference. Long. As long as it's pink on the inside. That's it. Oh Lord have mercy. I I I told you what I like ocho. What? I like my women. That's how I like hoo-Ha. I like feet at the bottom.


Hoo-ha at the top of the legs. That's all I need 'em to have. If they got those two things, let's rock and roll. Hell nah. Nah. I mean, at once point in time it was like, like five 10, like one 50 to 1 75. I've always liked curvy women. Right, Right, right, right, right. Then as I got older, I mean, you know, it started to be like them corn fed from the Midwest. Right. They started being six foot 200, 2 0 5. Yeah. Oh, that's, you know Me. Hey, old bowl, old bowling ball shape.


Knock him down. Wow. So, you know, I mean, it just depends. Ocho it all depends. It's a vi it it's a feel, it's a vibe that you feel when you with somebody like okay. Yeah. And you know, I don't even pick no more. I just choose who choose me. See that's what I, that's, that's what I've gone to now, you know? Yeah. Too many times. You know, as fellas, you know, we chasing people that we want and not really paying attention to those who want us. Hey, that's how you gotta pick them though. If you chasing something, if you chasing something and you doing everything to get, nah, that ain't, that ain't, that ain't what's that?


Ain't that. Hey, simple philosophy Ocho. Huh? Choose who like you. Yeah. Not who you like Every time. Well now it took me, it took me a while to learn That took, it took me a long time to learn that. Yeah. But you hey, hey, Hey, hey. Women be killing me all time about apply pressure. Apply bitch what? Who apply? What? Oh, I put pressure. Hey, what you want? You'll have corn full court because hey, I just need to know what you need on your, because I picked that thing. Hey, hey, I picked that out the glove. I picked that thing up 94. I'm 94 feet all the way up. All the way up and down.


Hell No. I like, I like curvy look. Oh hey. I like curvy women. I like women that work out. Yeah. I love, I love a workout body. I love it. Hold on. Now when you say workout body, you mean like, like competing or Not workout? No, no, no, no, no, no. Nah, no. No. Okay. No, No. You ain't gotta compete. I mean, but some of, you know what I mean? Some of those wellness women now you like Woo. Yeah. Those glues and those hamstrings. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I just don't like it to go too far where feel Like Yeah. I, I get you. I I'm with you. Well, well I'm touching you, you and you, you feel like me. Like I don't want you to feel like me.


You shouldn't have a, you shouldn't have eight abve like I do. I, Hey, hey, it's, you know. Yeah. I, I'm let, lemme in trouble You to get in trouble, but I, I must have, I'm asking too much. 30 is that Joe?


Is that asking too much? Hey, you say she ain't gotta have all 32 teeth? No, she ain have all 32 a good gimme a good 25, 26. Long as they ain in the front. Hey, I ain't no, Hell No. Hey, hell no. Okay. I mean, but if you miss, oh Joe, if you missing a couple of jaw teeth, you know I get hey, like when you smile.


Right. And I can't see that. It's that it's missing when we could. Right, right. You know, but if I, I'm kissing you and I run my like oh damn. You missing one back here? Huh? I'm cool with that. I'm cool. I ain't too, I ain't too picky. Hey, you could, you could buy, you could buy a little implant, get a little implant's expensive. You buy 5,000 a tooth. Oh, that ain't nothing to you. Huh? Well you got that. That ain't Nothing. That, that was fine. Well I'm gonna need that back now you leading Now I'm gonna need that implant back. You gotta go back.


You gotta go back to be, you gotta go back to be a snaggle tooth. You you to take, you ain't to take my three or four implant with you. Oh no. Oh no. Hell no. Hey, hey. I ain't like ocho Ocho say he taking his BBLI would get my three or four implants back. Shit. No. Oh shit. Hell no.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel, Maddow And. our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight. its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Hey, it's Austin James. Yes, I'm living with diabetes but it doesn't have to define me. Thanks to the Freestyle Libre three plus sensor, I get real time glucose readings throughout the day. The Freestyle Libre three plus sensor is small and easy to wear, giving me the freedom to focus on my life as a parent and a musician. Now this is progress. You can get a free sensor at Freestyle Libre us Offer available for people who qualify. Visit my freestyle us to see all terms and conditions, certain exclusions, apply data on file, Abbot Diabetes Care or prescription only. Safety info found at Freestyle Libre us.


Yeah. You know, like volleyball, you know, like volleyball players, they have great, they have great bonds. OCHO Yeah, they got leg, they have let Yeah. Volleyball player obviously track and field. Yeah, they got crazy. They got crazy bodies, but they tiny, they small. Yeah. Very, very small. I need me like, let me ask somebody like throw the shot. Discus. Yeah. Like that. Yeah. They, they, they healthy, they real healthy. But like a, a good athlete, somebody go to the gym like three, four times a week. Nice. Set of wheels. Right, right, right, right.


So ocho say feet. I say teeth. What if the Feet teeth gotta have something going on? Just, just something like, I I remember unc when we was older and you know, you, you getting your money and you willing to deal with anything. Yeah. No matter what you got going on, you willing to deal with anything As you, as you get older, you understand it's, it's, it's, it's, it's just too much of a liability. It just, it's too much. You always gotta be on. Yeah. Like you always gotta be on always like some days, like if, what, what if you having a bad day?


What if something happened due to unfortunate circumstances that individual has nothing that they can do for you. Nothing. Yeah. So as, as I got older, it was more important to have someone that has something going on as well. Just in case of emergency. You know what, I ain't got it today. I ain't got it today. Even though I do, can you help me if I ain't got it today? If I got a hundred dollars and I need 200, can you gimme a hundred dollars? I'm just using that number as just a hypothetical. Yeah. Yeah. I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. I ain't, I ain't mad at you. Yeah, man. I don't, I don't know.


And that came with age. It took, it took time for me to get to that point. Oh yeah. When you young, you ain't thinking about nothing. You ain't think about no money Uhuh? Hell, she could live up. Hey Ojo, when I was younger as hell, she could live up on the bridge. I go pick ass up every day. Oh yes. Well you look good. I got you. Yeah, that's It. That's it. Look good. I got you. But that, that shit go out to Well, you, you get back over 40 as out the window, bro. I Still one of that. Hold on now. Hold on. Let's not get carried away though, Ocho You still gotta come on now. I still ain't fitting to throw the looks totally out the window. The hell no. Hey, you got have something going on though. Just so something.


You got something, lemme hold you over the balcony. You got that man. Lemme stop. Gonna be thinking I'm shallow, shallow and I just joking with y'all. Oh, I really don't. No, but I, I, I just think the thing is look, you like guy, you like what? You like women. You like what? You like some women? Hey, I'm too, I'm too muscular. I I'm too much. They don't like that. Okay, fine. I I ain't everybody a cup of tea and I'm okay with that. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody don't want somebody, you know, 260 pounds muscular.


Okay. And you know, some people like, you know, they like a, you know, man, you, you ain't got no dad by hell. What I was supposed to. That's, that's why they all come down to preference. Everybody's preference is different. Preference is different. And I hate when people get upset by people's preferences. Right. You know? Yes. You like what you like, that's okay. That's what, that's what it is. I, I don't get mad at anybody for liking what they like ojo, you know, Hey, well you can't go. I, no, I can't go go walk no hill with you. I can't go to Runion Canyon. I can't go climb. No, no, no. The Hills won't let me.


Yeah. Ain't no so, ain't no sense to me. Oh, I'm gonna do all that. I'm gonna do all that. I, I ain't finna do none of that. Right. I I'm not Finn to go, I'm not finna go walk with you. I'm not finna go to run your canyon. I'm not Finn to climb no mountain with you. Go no trail. I'm not finna do that. I'm not even finna lie and tell you that I am to impress impression. Oh. He said he going. I'm not, that ain't me. No. This mother start with you though. I'm going on vacation, don't you? I'm going on vacation. You. Yep. When, When the season over, I'm getting a couple of day I need, I need like two, three days go somewhere.


Yeah, I'm going, I'm going, I'm sure I'm going on vacation too. Where we going? I don't know where you going? I know where I'm going. Where you going? I'm going over to Europe to watch a few games and, and hop from city to city? No, no, No. Hell no. I, you know what? I'm gonna go somewhere. I'm going, you know what? I'm going by myself. You ain't gonna take nobody with you? Nope. What about Michelle? And I'm leaving my phone and I'm leaving my phones. What about Michelle? Ash Ain't gonna, Ash ain't gonna be able to get ahold of me. You can't Do that. Guess what? Guess what? Ash ain't gonna be able to call me talking about you busy.


No, I ain't busy because you ain't gonna be able to get ahold of me. Well, you're from, if you're on vacation, like, well, you could do that two, three days. Yeah. Yeah. I don't need two. I don't need but two. That's it. That's it. Well, you must not be going too far. No. Well, however long it take, I count two days. So basically I'm gonna stay there two days. Once I get there, I'm there two days. Okay. It ain't gonna take more than a day to get somewhere. Okay. Yeah. The, the farthest I'm going, I'm going by six, six to eight hours. Okay. That's good. That's good.


That's it. Just to recharge my batteries and everything, you know what I'm saying? Get, you know, get reinvigorated. I like it. That's all I got. Look what I got on you. I I, I mean, I, I can't tell nobody. I ain't finna go nowhere no 10 days. There ain't no sense in me lying to somebody. Ken. Who the hell travel that long? That's what I'm saying. Hell, I ain't even got a week in me. I got three, three days max. I don't care where I'm at in the world three days, You know, and it better not go through my bag. Get the most, get them rubies up outta there because they trying to get those sparks on your I have, if they confiscate that, I gotta turn around and come back.


Hold on. You say you were traveling by yourself? What you need the sparks for? You know, hey, no tell, you know, might, oh, native over there. Something might be walking. I might be in the jungle. Man. You know, I, I can't go that far. Ocho I ain't gonna be this no lie. Yeah. I, I just say, I just look, I know God working on me, but I ain't really got the patience to sit that still. Yeah. I mean, I be, I, I fly somewhere. It's only an hour. I be like, damn, we 30 minutes in, like, man, where we gonna land? Hey, hey, I hit the call.


Hey, I hit the, did I let the flight into the cuff? Yes. Mr. Sharp, I may help you. I was like, what time have we scheduled to land? Oh, the flight was scheduled for an hour. So we've been, we've been 20, we're 20 minutes in. I'm like, damn. See, like, man, Ocho, I be getting, I be getting the pages, man. Hey, I, I be good. I get, I get, once I can turn that on, I get the tweeting, I'm good. The worst thing Ocho is our wifi ain't working. Yeah. That sucks. Now that sucks. That Sucks, man. That killed me.


Ocho. Yeah, that Sucks. But see, like, like the thing is now is that Shelly's put everything in, so I ain't gotta put nothing in there. All I gotta do is like get the delta to come up and then go right to it because man, I had the hardest time, man. I'd be giving flight attendants 20, 30, $40. Said can I borrow your internet, put it in here, put it in my phone. As in, oh hey can you, can you let me have your wifi? I give you $40. Right. Yeah. Why you laughing at it's like, you know, I said, I said, I don't really know how to work it. I said I can't get it on. They, they, one lady, Hey Jordan, women alert is like, don't worry about it.


The lady took my phone, she put her wifi and said, here you go Mr. Sharp. Yeah. I said thank you. I said, I got another one too here. She want a wifi password on both of my phones. I said thank you because boy woo man with no wifi. Yeah. That's it. Hurt boy. It hurt. Especially any, anything, any flight over two hours with no wifi. Man. Anything over an hour. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, guys, this is random, but would you rather have the ability to control fire or water? Water.


Yeah, water. Because I want to be able to park the sea. I want to be able to park the sea. Like Moses, I Don't wanna park nothing, but I want y'all to pay me 500 for a gallon of water. 500. I'm gonna be the richest man. I control water. All of it. I got you want some water? Gallon cost you 500? Nah. Okay. Thirst. What gonna drink? I control water. I wanna be like Poseidon. Yeah. Okay. Lemme know how that out for you. I wanna be able to create, create tsunamis, tidal waves, 150 feet waves so I can go surfing.


The only surf you do is surfing turf. You ain't getting no one, no one 40 foot wave. Huh? Ooh, I, you know, uncle, I surf, I used to surf at Venice Beach when I was in Santa Monica. Patrick Arthur said UNC and Ocho come to Sioux Falls. I found my car with a gold chant in, in it. We lie. Amen. Damn. Sioux Falls. That's Iowa, huh? Or south? Wait, SIO Falls. South Dakota. South Dakota. Yeah. I'm tripping. Damn. You find what kind of car you got? Two falls. Malik Jones said, what's up Uncle Ocho, what's the play in your professional career that you regret, that you still think about today?


I dropped a two point conversion against Jacksonville in 1996. I dropped a touchdown in the south end zone, a two yard. That would've given us home field advantage throughout the playoffs. Damn. Still think about it. I think the, I, I think the play, I think without the play against the Raiders, I don't think I became what I became because I became obsessed. I came even more focused, even making a play that would change the trajectory of the Broncos. And so I got put in those situations that I was able to make those plays. But those are two plays right there that I, I I've never forgotten South Dakota.


That's where Sturgis is, right? Sturgis is in South Dakota. The rally where they have the motorcycles, where they have all the Harleys and up there. That's, that's that's South Dakota and, and, and, and, and Mount Rushmore. That's the only thing I know about. Really? South Dakota. South Dakota, Huh, huh. Yeah. Yeah.


Yeah. That's, that's what I know. I know of Sturgis and I know my Rushmore. That's about all I know about, I obviously, I know it's a state, but I know much about it. I I'm sure they play got plenty of buffaloes. That's what I need to go. Do I need to run with the buffalo or the bison? No, you talking about in Pamona running with the bulls? Nah, I did that already. I ran with the bulls already. I wanna run with, with bison like at, at Yellowstone Park. So you, you ask you asking for trouble? No, I'm asking. Didn't they tell you to stay? They told you to stay your butt away from those animals.


Stay within a hundred. Stay with within a don't get within a hundred feet of the animals. I'm a, I'm a animal whisperer. I connect with the animals in the wild. Huh? Okay. I connect with the animals. Okay. I'm not saying I'm Ace Ventura, but I have a, a certain connection and a aura and chemistry when it comes to wildlife. I don't know what it is. Okay. Okay. I'll take your word for it. Let me know. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He is from Liberty City. A bingo ring of Fame honoree, a pro bowler, an all pro. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Just call him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support, your continued support. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock. Our goal is to be in between 14 and 16 states. By the end of the end. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, hit us up. We'll ship it directly to you. The the time the wait time is minimal, go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. We're 84 is responsible for the teams that we see.


We're gonna drop these next week as you're having to come up with. The date is the hoodie that OCHO has on. They're being dropped next week. The UNC and OCHO teeth are back in stock. I repeat the UNC and OCHO teeth are back in stock and we have two different colors of, can y'all see that? I Was hell when I was well. So thank you guys for letting us know that you have started receiving your merchandise that you ordered from the previous three weeks. Continue to do that. So therefore we'll know that the orders are being shipped like they're supposed to be.


Hopefully about the middle of next week, everybody will have received their merchandise. Thank you again for your support and we greatly, greatly appreciate that. The number five Georgia Bulldogs take, take down the number one Texas Longhorn. 30 to 15 Colorado is one win away from being bold eligible as they beat Arizona on the road. 34 to seven, Alabama lost on the road to Tennessee. Number 11, Tennessee takes down the number seven Alabama Crimson Tide. 24 17 Miami keeps winning. They won 52 45 behind Cab Wars. 21 of 32 3 19, 4 touchdowns. No turnover. Brady Cook.


Brady Cook returned from the hospital to lead. Number 19. Mizzou Tiger, who had come from behind went over Auburn. They were down 17 six. He rallied them and they went the ball game. Excuse me, Arizona State, Kenny Dillingham. He apologized for his kicker. He said they were having trials for kicking for, for a field goal kicker for the Arizona State Wildcats. Excuse me, the Sun Devils. And he apologized because he put his kicker on blast. He said, when you talk about special teams, basically it comes down to one player and we win and we lose as a team. So he'll apologized for that. Thank you guys for joining us for Nightcap. I'm UNC Heath. Ocho, we'll see you tomorrow after Sunday night football.


Let's go Bengals, we out. The Volume.


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black, and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODOO do com. Good job. Thanks.


You wake up. Put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew? Two shots of Espresso. After Meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount. Plus. Head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.