
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more. Check out bose.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today


Everybody vibes with the all new Camry. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride Hall of Fame. Point guards don't have this level of control. And the Camry's got the flash the match we're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke alloy wheels and Chrome dual tipped exhaust. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. And because every all new Camry is a hybrid, it's fuel efficiency is a difference maker for your wallet. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video wide open this week. It's an NFC South Clash as the Tampa Bay Buccaneers take on the Atlanta Falcons. Heck of what's wrong. Not a prime member. Sign up for 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Buccaneers and Falcons Thursday own on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for detail.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today Ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. You watched your Miami Dolphins, they're in trouble. ocho, as I told you, they were the lions in the Seahawks trade go back and forth up and down the field. But in the end the lions, hold on. I am your favorite arm. Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite Number 85 from Liberty City. The route runner extraordinaire. The Bengal ring of Fame honoree. The legendary pro bowler all pro. That's right. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can just call him Mocho Guys today, congratulations. We'd like to thank you. We just went over the 1.5 million subscribers. Thank you so much. We could not have done it without you. And I want to thank you.


Please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from and every subscriber counts. And. we thank you all. 1.5 million of you that have subscribed, those that have watched our video, share our videos, listen to our audio. Thank you so much. Make sure you check out Shay by La Poitier. By the end of the year we will be in 14 to 16 states. If we're not currently in a state or a city near you, you can go to the site and order it and we'll ship it directly to you. Go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company. The shirt that OCHO is wearing came from that is 84 with 84 being spelled out.


UNC and OCHO ts the one that OCHO has on right now are back in stock. I repeat the UNC and OCHO teeth are back in stock. And if you ordered merch and within the last three weeks it has begun shipping out And. We thank you again for your support Ocho the lions hold on and beat the Seahawk. The, you know Yes, the lions hold on and beat the Seahawks. 42 29. Jerry Goff was a perfect 18th of 18. 292 yards, two touchdowns. St. Brown threw a touchdown pass to Jerry Golf. So on the night they were 19 of 19 for 273 yards, three touchdowns. They ran the ball extremely well considering they didn't have a lot of, didn't have a lot of plays.


Seattle had over 30 more plays, had 30 more plays than they actually ran ocho. Yeah, but the plays that they did run. Yeah, they made 'em count. They don't count the plays. Make the plays count. And the the lions do an unbelievable job. Gibbs 14 of 78, 2 touchdowns, David Montgomery, 12 or 41 touchdown. 28 Russians, 116 yards and three touchdowns. Can't get better than that. They had three touchdown passing, three touchdown rushing as they hold on to beat the Seattle Seahawks. Geno Smith was 38 of 56, 3 95. One touchdown in interception.


He was sacked three times. Kenneth Walker, the third 12 carriers, 80 yards, three touchdowns. Gino had five carriers for 36 yards. And Zach Char had two for 15. Eight 19 rushes. 1 33. Dammit. Dk I needed you to get end zones from by par later. Hit hey and put him down at the edge. You they had had all my round. I thought that was, I thought it was too 'cause I thought his elbow hit down on the Exactly over the over the lion. Yeah, but the lions win ocho the lions offense, they can run it, they can throw it. They got a lot of receivers. You know Jameson Williams, they got obviously St. Brown.


Tim Patrick's there now, man, they, they La porta the back team. Catch it out of the backfield. Detroit. Detroit is to be, is to be dealt with. I mean, 'cause they offense gonna put a lot of pressure on you now. Things that concern me about 'em. Right. But the defense give up a lot of plays. Yeah, Give give up a lot. We got for one, we gotta, we gotta talk to somebody. Gotta talk to Terry Arnold. Yeah, about all the, all the holding, all the holding calls. You know, all the penalties, you know, use your hands at the beginning. But once they pass five yards, you gotta play with your eyes and feet baby. You got, you gotta play with your eyes and feet. Understand the game. Read the game based on the receiver's line. And. if you wanna be up there, you wanna be up there pressed, you know, if you miss, just ride the hip, just ride the hip, stop being so handsy.


So you get, you stop getting some of those calls. Now, I think one of the reasons that Detroit was able to win this game, but when the interception Gino threw in the, the fumble by decaf, if I'm not mistaken, those were points that the Detroit Lions scored on. I I, I might wrong, I might, might might be mistaken, but the, the game was so good because each offense was very efficient. Yes, they were very efficient. They were, they were, they were back to back when it, when it comes to scoring and these are two offenses that can damn near score from anywhere. Detroit is so good at being able to run the ball. It makes, when it's time to throw, it makes it that much easier for 'em. It makes it that much easier. But I think the difference in the game was those got that interception and that fumble, it kind of made everything lopsided because then Detroit was able to score on those, on those two possessions when they, because If you're already down ocho, you can't turn the ball over.


You're already down. Yeah, because you're already down. So now you allow somebody to still take a possession away from you and get what And so now you don't get points unless you can turn points to on their possessions. You're behind the eight ball. The Seattle was five or 10 on third down. Detroit was three of six on third down, Seattle was one of two on fourth down. Detroit didn't have any. Detroit ran 50 total plays. Seattle ran 78 total plays. Dang. Seattle had 516 of total yards yard. Detroit had 3 89. Both had 11 drives yards per pass. Detroit averaged 12.4 yards per pass.


Seattle averaged 6.5 penalties. Ocho Detroit had 12 for 1 0 1. Seattle had nine for 70 CC Ocho. This is why I can't coach. This is why Carlton Davis three times gave up contained and tell the people at home what happened, Ocho, he got twice. They scored twice. Yeah. Kenneth Walker, he has contained. Damn. Yeah, you gotta got, he Got contained. Gotta shoot him back inside to your, to your, to your, to everybody else. How many times you think ag went over there with him? Okay, you got contained on this. They, he goes into the line right there. All you gotta do is you contain, now you got a two yard loss.


His second in gold, you get caught down inside. Yeah. He bounces it touchdown. Yeah. The same thing happened again on the 20 plus yard touchdown run. He get caught down inside and then he go hit his hand like no. Yeah, it's your fault. Yeah. You effed up. You absolutely effed up. And then again on, on a, on a run. He got caught down inside. Bro. You have contained but you are, you jyp and jabbing with the referee bro. You got contained. That's your job. You got one responsibility. It's the one time. Guess what Ocho you ain't got no past responsibility. Yeah. You got contained. Yep. If the guy, if the guy a, if that guy starts your way and reverse field, you done your job.


You good. As long as you don't let him get the edge. Yeah. You've done your job. He tried to do somebody else's job. He, and listen, when, when they watch film, they gonna let him know. And then, you know, Carlton, Carlton knows that Carlton is a veteran, he's a veteran. You know, listen, you gotta flush that back inside to your help, but flush it back inside to your help. You don't want be in the foot race, but Kenneth's walking, going around that corner any goddamn way. Make your job easy. Make it easy for yourself. I was like, look, see but this, this is why I can't coach Ocho. I'll lose my mind. Yeah. Because we how many times you think they went over that during the course of the week or contain, Hey, Forget about going, going over through the course of the week, how many years you think you've been practicing it and knowing in that corner that you have to contain the outside and flush whatever's coming your way back inside to your health.


But God, you learn that. You learn that in peewee football. It's like if you a linebacker, they call it setting the edge. Yeah. You never let your upfield shoulder get turned as long a, if you ride him all the way to the sideline. If I keep my upfield shoulder ocho, if I keep it square to the line and he can't get outside, yeah, I've done my job. I don't give a damn what he going to ac he can going to B, he can go to a I don't give a damn. That's not my responsibility. I have the edge. I've gotta set it. Yeah. Same thing with, same thing with the dn. You got one, you got one responsibility. Right. You ain't got no path coverage, you ain't got no a gap. You got no B gap. You got no C gap responsibility.


Yeah. All you have to do is you got contained. Don't let him bounce outside. If he doesn't bounce outside, son, you've done your job. I can't ask you to do anything else. Hey, hey listen, they it, even with the mistakes they won, they won't the game tonight. See, you see, what did Coach Saban say on, on football? He say, when you play poorly and you win, that's the kiss of death. Yeah. Never accept anything in a win. You wouldn't at a loss never Lost. But listen, that's the first thing. That's the first, that's the first thing coach gonna tell him. Now the first thing co gonna tell him we've won the game. At the end of the day, it's about winning the game. Understand Coach Saban's quote about it being the kiss of death.


But when Dan go in there and talk, listen, we lost to the Seahawks the last six times we met the last six times we played the Seahawks, we lost tonight, we won the game. Now there are, are there things that we need to clean up? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think and the thing is like, like Prime said last night when he, when he talked to, they played North Dakota, state that right? And everybody like, man, you don't, he said, yeah. He said, yeah, we wanna win. But it's gotta be more than winning. Especially because a standard has been established. The standard is the standard we play, we play to a level, not the scoreboard. If we play to the level that we know we can play, the scoreboard will be re reflective of that.


That's what man, it's, it's ocho it's just really hard to explain to people when that's when you understand what your purpose is and what you're trying to accomplish. Right. And people that don't, that don't live their life like that and don't, don't follow, don't adhere to that. They don't get it ocho. Right. They really don't. They they really don't. They really don't. And it's hard. I mean, I would look like sit and have a conversation to be on a panel with Tom Brady or to be on a panel with Peyton Manning or to be on a panel with Ray and guys that get it to understand what winning is about and what it takes to win. Because you don't win. See, people think you win the game on Sunday, right? You win the game Monday through Saturday during the week, during the week, that's when the game is won.


Yeah. You just actually play the game on Sunday. Right. But that's not when the game is won. And people don't understand that. And it's, oh Well, you know, the before you, before you go on, when you, when you think about it, even though it's a game of football and people might not understand it, but you can relate to the people if you kind of explain it to 'em in their way, in the different facets of life in which they have to do their job and you gotta do their, your job the right way because it, you can't cut no corners. It needs to be a situation where you work at Google, right? You work at Apple where you're trying to produce something and you, you own a a timeline, right?


I mean if you just go, you know, you go punch a clock and I get it and I don't wanna minimize anybody's job. Right? Right. But I think the thing is Ocho like, like, like an apple or something like that. A computer tech, a computer analyst or something that requires that, bro, if you don't get the job done, they gonna get you up outta here. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. That goes for, that's, that goes for all jobs, not just for Google and Apple. Even on a smaller scale, if you ain't getting the job done the right way and you're trying to cut corners. But see the thing is Ocho like if I work, I don't look, if I work, if I'm working at a fast food restaurant, I don't care if I sell more burgers than the other of my co competitors. That's not that, see, that's not the same.


I'm, hey, I'm here to get my 15, $20 an hour and I'm gonna get up outta here. But when I'm in competition, Yeah, You need to be in competition to understand it, to feel that. And so hopefully people understand what I'm saying. I'm not trying to minimize anybody's job. Right. But when you are in competition and you're trying to accomplish something, then you get it exactly what I'm saying. Right. The lions improve the three in one, they head into their bye week. Damn, I would hate to have a bye week this early, early and come back and have 13 games left. I need to have my bi week in the middle of the season. I need like, okay, I get the first eight, I come back, I got nine, or I have, you know, I go eight, nine weeks and then when I come back I got seven, eight games.


Yeah. Man, I ain't 13 games in a row. Yeah. It's, it that, that's crazy. And the the funny thing about it, it doesn't give the players any time to rest And if you have any injuries. I'm not sure what the, what the lions of the, the, it's the lions that got the bi week. Right. Lions, lions. I'm not sure what their injury status is right now, but if some of their important players are hurt or injured, this would be a, this is, this is good for them to be able to have that bye week and hopefully, and hopefully with those next 13 weeks to go, you hope everybody can stay healthy and make that run for the important half of the season after. Thanks. God damn given. Yeah, but the Lions heading into their bye week OCHO three and one, they score 42 points, 42 29 over the Seattle Seahawks.


Yeah. Like you said, they head into their bi-week three and one, they gets a much needed r and r, but hell Lord Joe, hell, I just started you see today before April, but a month old. Yeah, you right, you right. Listen, the fact that you just said the two was only a month old, do you know how many injuries we have? Oh yeah, just in general. I mean, throughout the league in it, in its totality. And I'm, I'm not talking about significant injuries, I'm talking about just soft tissue, ankle hair, but just, just stuff where, where, where you just out, you just missing time because of, for whatever reason. I know injuries happen, but like it's just the, the, the number is, is absurd on how many people are hurt And, we only in week three or we in week four. It makes no sense.


Imagine what it's gonna be like in week eight. Imagine what it's gonna be like in week 12. That's what I want my bi week. I ain't gonna lie to you O Joe. I, I'ma gut it up like, hey, because I need something to look on the horizon too. Yeah, man, we got that bi week coming up in three weeks. Yeah, we got that bi week coming up in a month. Your bi week gone. What you looking forward to? Oh, I hope we get the number one seed to get the bye week in January. Right? If you still got October, November, and December before you even think about a bye week. Yeah, maybe they go to 18 games Ocho and they get two bye weeks That they, they would have to do that. They wouldn't have a choice.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole Different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have a good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bs.com. Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I like it too.


This is a perfect thing. Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like. Will Howard, you know, he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair, right? His name is Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. He used to coach Alabama. Now he's the quarterback Admir. Now he's the quarterback at Kansas State. I love the the Kansas State Purple Wildcats Wild there. It's, and this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in ac Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Juventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament is champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win because nobody watches the UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video this Thursday. It's an NFC South Battle. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers face. The revamped Atlanta Falcons join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this crucial divisional matchup. You know what's crazy about the Bucks is most people, when Brady retired wrote him off. I know I was guilty, but Todd Bowles has proven pretty good. Head Coach Jason Light, one of the best GMs in the NFL. And let's face it, the bucks are just good. The Falcons not so sure. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight live from Atlanta. Not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bucks and Falcons at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Ok ocho the Titan. I told you your team was in trouble. You didn't wanna hear me. The Titans beat the dolphins. The dolphins got dolphins. Excuse me. The Titans got their first first win of the season and ugly win Mason Rudolph took over for Will Levis, the quarterback of 10 Tennessee. He injured his shoulder. Yeah, diving for a first down in the first quarter, the ugly season for the dolphins got worse. The game marked the dolphins third straight loss. Their record and their record is the worst start under coach Mike McDaniel. Miami struggled to move the ball with Huntley for most of the night. Yeah. Huntley was held to under a hundred yards passing with Tyreek Hill. With Jalen Waddle, with Devon.


H Ahan. A ch a chan. A chan. He was 14 or 22 for 96 yards. Yeah, I told you O ocho it don't count. I don't care what type of gun you got. If the, if the guy that's shooting pulling the trigger, if he can't, don't know what to do, what, what good is a bazooka? Now listen to what good is a ak. Okay, Now, now listen to me now, now, now stay with me real quick. Now everybody, okay, I'll put you, I ch everybody in the chat. I need you to stay with me real quick. I want you to understand how difficult the court of acquisition is. I want you to understand how difficult it is for a player that's only been there two weeks to come in and to integrate and learn a learn a game plan, not an entire playbook. A specific, a specific amount of play that he's comfortable with to be able to function as a dolphin quarterback after not having a training camp, after not having a mini camp and coming in and being thrust into that position is very difficult.


Even with the weapons that he has around him. Now, the game would've been different. The game would've been different. If you think about a game, let's say it's a hundred plays, run outta those a hundred plays that a run in a game. Two or three make the difference in the ball game. Now you're not running no hundred plays. You probably don't get I'm just throwing that out hypothetically. I'm just throwing it out. 70 70 is on the high end. Okay? 70 is on the high. Let's just say 70 tonight. Okay? You gotta pass to Tyreek on the Darius Snead on the left. On the left. Sideline easy touchdown ball went outbound. You had another pass to that was overthrown on the right side against luxurious Snead. Now that's 14 points right there most of the time to it because of the chemistry here. And Tyreek have, those are touchdowns.


So you add 14 points to that. What would the score line be? Dolphins win the game. Can I ask you a question? Talk to me. When I had this very conversation with you about Huntley coming in, you mentioned none of those things. You said these guys a certain No, hold on just a second. Okay, I got you. When we having this conversation last week, you said that ain't no problem. The guy came in for LaVar Lamar and did quite well. I tried to lay the things out that you just explained. I tried to say that to you. Right. But you told me he got waddled. He got tyreek. I said Ocho, the guy's coming off the guy. I mean, the guy's just getting off his couch and you expect them, oh, they're gonna be just fine. I said, Ocho you told me quarterback was a very hard position to play.


Oh very. Now all of a sudden, see you get blinded. You see that teal and that orange and that white uniform. You get blinded now. I wasn't, I wasn't, all you had to do, all you had to do was take what you said right now and transport that back then. And you say, you know what, we in trouble, UNC. Yeah. See, IIII didn't wanna, I, I didn't wanna live in reality, I'm, I'm reacting, I'm reacting off the emotion and it being my hometown, my hometown team. But I'm, I'm just saying I'm, it's, it's, oh man, it's so difficult. Unc you know how difficult it is, especially for Tyler Hunt you off his couch, you know, and not, not having any kind of chemistry, not having any type of continuity and learning a new offense.


You, you, you know how difficult that is. I know how now the people in the chat might not understand it. You know, they think you just get in there because you have those weapons around. You just get out there and you just throw and you just go. That's why the timing was off a little bit. That's why the ball was a two, two or three yards right in front of Tyreek. And those would've been touchdowns if they had the time and the chemistry. And, and I think as time goes on, depending on how long it takes to, to get back, Tyler Huntley will improve. He would, he would improve another week under this belt. Can't be a little better than that. Did you see, Did you see that guy shooting that wasn't a silver medal at the Olympics? I think he's from Israel and he ain't got nothing. He's just holding the gun. He ain't got all that fancy equipment. He ain't got no eye block.


He ain't got nothing on his wrist to ca stabilize him. Right. All he doing is holding his gun right there. And he says, I don't need fancy equipment. You see, it's not the equipment, it's the person holding the equipment. I keep telling you that. You keep telling me all these weapons that he got. It's only about a, the quarterback, what can you do with it? An AK ain't no good if the guy don't know how to shoot it. A bazooka M 16 attack a whatever you offend, whatever type of artillery you want to use is only as accurate as the person that's firing it. And right now Huntley can't fire, even though he has max weapons. Mm. He has ma weapons of mass destruction. He has a relay team at wide receiver and it doesn't do him any good because he can't get on the ball right now.


But lemme tell you, lemme tell you what the issue the night was. So Tyler Hunt tonight, he was a, he was a nine millimeter, but he got a switch on it. So when you gotta switch on your nine millimeter, it just go all over the place. Yeah. So what's gonna happen this following week is they gonna take the switch off, you feel me? Yeah. And Then the aim gonna be a little better. So this, this is, this is what happens. Your first game. You only had two weeks to get ready. You know, they, they thrown you into the fire. You are used to this when you came in for Lamar with the Ravens. You gotta understand you done went through training camp, you done went through mini camp. You know the players, you know the plays. So there's a, the offense Changed that much. There's a level that's not what he mojo.


He's not a drop back passer like tool. He's athletic. And that's why you could do some of the things that you, when Lamar was there, you could do some of those things with Huntley. Hold on minute. He can't do anything. Huh? He he put the ball in the air too. Now don't just say, he just going, he ain't no runback. Don't do me like that. No. Oh, I I'm saying the man threw 22 times. Yes Sir. He was 14 to 22. Yes Sir. Ocho, he was 14 to 22 for 96 yards. Yes Sir. I'm with you. You Ain't throwing the ball. Ain't no air. 22 attempts for 98 yards. I'm with you when you're right. You gotta think two of those. Listen, them numbers would've been extremely inflated.


It would've been by 300 if he hit Tyreek on two of them passes. Now don't think You make my point. Remember what I said, it's not the, it's not the artillery, it's the person. See, if he was a great shooter, he would've hit the bullseye. See, you're not understanding. You make it sound like it's so easy. You could just come off the couch and just, just, just shoot it like it's so easy. Yeah, You now I tried to tell you that you tried to make it seem like it was easy. I Do not listen, I listen. I'm, I'm just saying the possibility of being able to do it based on what you got out there. It just, it just ain't execute. It was, it was this far off Ocho. So what matter, so what, so what, what matter what type of gun you got?


If you can't shoot it Now, watch what happened next. What ki what type of car? What does it matter? Let's just say if I gave you the same type of car that I gave anybody that drove nascar Yes sir. You couldn't beat them because that's what they do. I can take a street car, any car, a Camaro or whatever, A-A-A-A-A-A trans whatever, a Corvette. And I would take a professional driver and I take you and I put y'all on the track. The car's got the same horsepower. Have the same steering. They gonna beat you. Yeah. Because that's what they do. They're professionals. Yeah. Alright. There's levels I want, I want you to, I want you to remember these words you're saying, remember these words and when Tyler Hunt go out there next week and throw for about three, 400 yards.


You know who They play next week. You know I ain't, I'm not gonna mention the drop passes, I'm not gonna mention all that. But I'm just, we, we, we just gonna, we gonna stay with the quarterback play. They play the Patriots. Now what you think gonna happen? I got the Patriots. Wait, come again. I got the Patriots. We took Patriots. You talking about Miramar Patriots out here in Miami or you talking about the New England Patriots? Either one. The one from 1776 or the one that, the one that's playing right now. Them Alright. You wanna put something on it? Make it, make it live on yourself better.


A hundred, A hundred dollars. Say it, say no more. Alright. Bet. I was hoping I got him, saw him coming that, you know, pretend like you know, I throw it out there real quick. I knew he gonna jump on it with both feet. Then I snatched the rug. I snatched the rug out. Make him hit his head on the turf. We good. Hundred dollars Patriots. O Antonio Pierce. Yes sir. Head coach of the Las Vegas Raiders. Yeah, like the IG post. Speculating that Devonte Adams might've played his last snap with the Raiders. Don't be Sports Illustrator wrote, don't be surprised if Devonte Adams has already played his last snap with the Raiders.


Michael fia, how do you say his last name? Fa Michael Fabiano liked by Antonio Pierce. Right. See what you have to understand when you see, when you hear things like that or when media has speculations like that, it comes from somewhere. Huh? It it ain't, it ain't coming out. It ain't coming out the air. It ain't coming out the air. So the fact that we're in the social media area, Antonio Pierce and many other coaches have social media as well and the fact that him liking it. What did Antonio Pierce say in his, He says, I have some guys out there making business decisions. And, we will make business decisions moving forward.


Case close case closed. Now if Devonte Adams happens to end up with the New York Jets. I said it first. If Devonte Adams happens to end up, there was one more team that was in needed reseal. If Devonte Adams ended up in Kansas City, He ain't going to Kansas City. I I said it first. Okay. And if it ain't Devonte Adams in Kansas City, it will be Amari Cooper. I you you you could book that Or what you call them or I a I'm sure I'm sure what you call him wanna go there too. Who? D Hop. Okay. Okay. That's But I, Because I was surprised that they didn't get D Hop when he was available last year. Yeah. I thought that would be a good Yeah, they wasn't paying enough money.


Remember they right. Yeah. They they, they, they were cutting me short on, on the, on the cash. Now if you throw me the bag, you know, you know what I can do. But here's the thing, Ocho, is that what you gave up to get Devonte? You're not going, nobody gonna give, nobody's gonna give you two first rounds to take take to get a wide receiver. Right? Because guess what? I know you wanna get rid of him. Mm. See Tyreek got what he wanted because it caught everybody off guard. Nobody that hey, wasn't nothing. There was no, there was no speculation. As a matter of fact, they had just, did they lose the Super Bowl?


They had just lost the Super Bowl. I think they lost, they lost to Tampa if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, no, they No, no, no, no, no. They lost to Cincinnati in the championship game. That was Tyree's last game. Because remember they ended up picking a pass. He threw a deep pass and it ended up getting picked off. Yeah. To Tyreek. Nobody knew that Ty Tyreek wasn't available. Drew wanted to do a deal. Tyreek wanted to be a highest paid. The one thing is hard. Hey, they not gonna let you force the hand. Oh no. Oh no. Andy says, okay, hey you can go shop yourself.


So it's like, hold on. We need to tell, we can get Tyreek knowing that there are some teams out there, Ocho, they really need a receiver. Yeah. You talking about one of the top three. One of the top one. He probably ain't gonna get past past three. So you got one of the top three receivers available. What is it gonna take to get it? Whatever you, whatever you want. What? Whatever. So, but listen, you gotta understand that them Candice and Chiefs are in dire need of a playmaker. I Don't think they give up. I don't think they give up two first rounds. I mean, I, I don't Do you, do you think it would be two first rounders at this point? No, that's my point. Okay. You're not gonna get what in return what you, oh, you know how it is.


That's fine. You buy a car, the likelihood of you ba you go buy a car right off the line, keep it for three weeks. You not gonna get what you paid for pay For. Absolutely not. And I think the, I think the chiefs understand it. I think the Raiders understand that. But why would you continuously keep a player that's not happy around Yeah. That, that that has let it be known that he's not happy and he he wants to be out. He's not vocal about it. Right. But look at his body language. Look at his mannerisms. Who know they, they gonna make it happen. I'm telling you, This is not what he signed up for. He thought that when he came there, he was gonna play with a college teammate. Yeah. That's what he thought. And after one year his college teammate was gone. Yeah.


And so now he played, he played with Aidan O'Connell like, bro, who gonna get me the ball Because y'all got, y'all got people out here thinking I'm, I'm losing the step. I'm stopping stepping off a cliff and y'all not paying attention. Who's throwing me the ball? I had Aaron Rogers, I come, I get Derek Carr and guess what? I still go for 1500 make first team all pro my first year with a new team. They trade quarterbacks, And, we got these quarterbacks that's throwing me the ball. And y'all expect me to make, you know, wine outta what y'all ain't at. At least if y'all gave me water and grapes, I can make wine. Y'all giving me vinegar and say go make wine with it. Devonte.


Hey, it's only one person turn water in the wine man. Yeah. But they say, well Devonte say, well that's what y'all want me to do. Just gimme some, gimme some grapes. I get the stomping little water sugar. I, I can make something happen outta that. Yeah, but you gimme vi vinegar it, it's gonna be bitter. They gonna be all right. They, they gonna listen. Antonio Pierce say you gonna make some business decisions, they gonna make it. I'm telling you, if you end up with the jets or if you end up with the teams. Yeah. I Said 'cause that's 28, 20 9 million. Yeah, 20. Hold on. Oh, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. And this is what I tell people all the time, but they need to pay them. I say, where did they finish in the division last year?


Last? Well they can finish that without it. I mean, oh Joe, you can fit it last in division and n Fail got 29, 30, 40, $50 million. Yeah. You Right. I mean if I'm paying that kind of money should not be first. I mean on The cusp of being first. I mean now They had a huge comfort behind win down 10 points again to Cleveland that came back beat Baltimore down 10 points. So they have resiliency, they have resolved. But you remember, you remember now in order, in order to be, in order to to, to be efficient, you know, offensively, you got to have, you gotta have some dogs now. Yes. You gotta have some dogs now.


I just think, I think Devante be, yeah. You think You gonna walk out there with a bunch of chihuahuas? You, you, you gonna be able to dance with the, with the Rottweilers. That ain't finna happen. You got to have some dogs out there compete. I just think Devonte at this point would be happier elsewhere. Yeah, Most definitely. Most definitely. He won't say, he won't say it, but I say it for him. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he's like, I'm worn up my welcome here. I can only do so much. Yeah. I play a very dependent position and the people that I'm depending on, I can't or I shouldn't be.


There ain't nothing worse to being Oh Joe, you know how you like, you need a ride and need somebody to take you somewhere and you already know, hey bro, I need to be here by X time. Right. And you are the worst thing you need to do in anything. Need a ride. Be in a relationship where you're dependent on that person. Mm. You know, because you, you get dependent on a person. They treat you like any kind of high. Yeah. Yeah. Think about it. Somebody making the money they expect you to take whatever they, whatever they dishing out. Yeah. Where you gonna go? Who gonna treat you like me? Well I can go anywhere and get treated just like this here.


I might not have the means, but at the end of the day you treat me like stir fry. Yeah. You know? So it's a lot, a lot of folks in situations like that now you preaching. Now It is. It's, but it it, it's like my grandfather and I tell this all the time. I remember my grandfather very vividly telling my aunts 'cause they had gotten grown, they were still at the house. Right. And they wanted to come in, you know they wanted to come in one, two o'clock in the morning. Ooh. My grandfather said don't grumble and stay grumble and leave. I'm okay. He said tell me what a, tell me what A-S-O-B-I am at your place. Mm. But you ain't gonna tell me what I am at mine because you're not coming in here at the time that you want to.


Grown folks have their own place. Whole bunch of grown folks don't stay with other grown folks and then try to tell them how to run their house. Oh. Sound like That ain't happening at Marty Porter's house Sound like roommates. Huh. So guess what happened? They got this stuff, they left don't grumble and stay grumble and leave. Tell me what I vote I'm mofo I am at your place. Man, I can't stand that mofo, he make me sick. Right. But you at your place saying that. You not finna say that here. Dang. So You know, you know Man, look here. You talking about hurricane Paul, Paula? Yeah.


Yeah. Look here. Barney Porter, they play the drum man. He did not play with his kids or nobody. Kids. It was, he was matter of imagine what I am. Right. Magnified times 10. Ooh. When that joker say I'm gonna be at your house at a certain amount of time. You right. You better be sitting on that porch when he, when he say I'm coming to pick them, I'm coming to pick them kids up. Right. To go to bible study or go to Sunday school and I'm gonna be there X time. He right there.


He on time. It wasn't no hold on Mr. Barney. Oh no, You better be ready. What? What you think we got that from Ocho? He did not play that. When that man say we leaving for church at this time. Lord have mercy. I should have had my brother tell you, ask him that Joker didn't play at all. Yeah. He was quick to say look here all that joke and Kiki, he said, Greg grown man don't play like that. Right. All that Kiki ki that's why I get that Kiki ki from Oh no.


But I tell you what Chad, if y'all see my brother ask him, say say a sterling man. I heard your brother talking about your grandfather. Tell us what he was like. See what he say. Got gonna ask you about that. See what he say. Lamar Jackson had something he needed to get off his chest this morning. Yeah. This is a team sport. I'm not out here to satisfy when I throw I'm not out. I'm not out here. I'm not out here satisfied when I throw for 300 yards but took the l, if I throw for 50 yards And, we win. That's what the WTL matters. Y'all stop commenting on our social about yards and fan dual or parlays ain't hit. Yeah.


You know, you know Par. You know listen, know the players don't care nothing about that. You know the players don, they don't, I don't Ocho what I'm getting out of it. If I, if I, let's just say Ocho, you had somebody got you in your parlay, right? Ocho over under a hundred yards. ocho, you know touchdown on the parlay OCHO score. This got scored. So you hit a parlay, you bet $50 and you got all these guys, you got OCHO is one of your guys and another guy's one of your guys. And that thing hit for like 4,000. How much of that you get Ocho? None. So why Ocho give a damn about your parlay? Yeah. I mean to play, listen for, for the fans it's fun. But the fans, you know, when it comes to y'all for the fan, but the fans have to understand the players.


If they're actually playing the game, they don't care nothing about that. They don't care nothing about your party. They don't care nothing about your FanDuel And. if you got money that you, you can't stand to lose, you don't need to be betting. Yeah. You don't need be Bet it, you know it, it's tough because y'all jumping on these guys timeline like, hey man you cost me my fantasy. Oh you cost me bro. I didn't play well enough. If we lost the game, why give a damn about your fantasy more than I care about this game. I get it and I'm, hey, I want you to have success as much as you possibly can. But I don't be looking at reading my comments like, Hey man, are you on my fantasy team? Oh man, this dude picked me in his fantasy. Let me go out there and try to get three tubs and a hundred yards.


Right. Lamar ain't looking at your fantasy saying man he got me. I need to rush for a hundred score two, you know, run for two touchdowns, go for another two 50, another touchdown so I can make sure my guy win. Lamar ain't thinking like that. Lamar said, I'm trying to get to Lamar says, I'm trying to stack as many Ws as I many dubs as I can. Yeah. I want to have home field one more time and I wanna see if, if I can do a step better than what I did last year. Dang. That's what's going through Lamar mind. Lamar ain't thinking about no fantasy. Fantasy, don't do nothing for Lamar At all. Unless he play, unless he got a fantasy. He is own, he his own quarterback on his own team. But no, they ain't got nothing.


That ain't got nothing to do with Lamar. But guys, I see it all the time guys like, man, you call me my fantasy guy like, bro, I don't care nothing about your fantasy. I really don't. I don't care nothing about your parlay. Yep. Especially band basketball too. Yeah. Kyle Shanahan confirmed that Christian McCaffrey has achilles tendonitis in both of his legs. It's called bilateral a Achilles tendinosis. Mm. McCaffrey recently went to Germany for treatment. He says he has it in both, but it's more severe in one of his legs. Ouch. But how, how do you, how do you, how do you treat that?


Because you just, you just said something I know rest, I, I know what tendonitis is, but it Is rest. That's not what you teach. Treat it with rest is it? That's it. That's it. You can't run, sir. You can't do anything. No, No type of surgery. No nothing. Dang. It's just like if you got tendonitis in your knee, they don't do no surgery for tendonitis in your knee. I mean they might, they might inject some gel in there if, you know, if you got kind like bump some, well Civis is what it's called. It's a lube that they put in there. But your body will eventually absorb it and you'll be bone on bone again. Ah. But there ain't no really no surgery that you can do. It's not like he has particles, loose bodies, something that you can go in there and take it out.


Right. That's causing the irritation. That's not what it is. It's just tendonitis. Yeah, Lee and, and you, you would think as, as advance as technology has become, you would think there would be ways to, to cure damn near about any and everything, you know, when it comes to, to injuries or arthritis or tendonitis or, or things of that nature. But I mean, shit, here we are. Yeah, it is. And the thing is, there's no treatment. You just have to rest and get up. Stay off it. So What, it's painful. I had it in my, in my right ankle my senior year. Like I said, I, it took me and I just, like I said, I ended up having like, I don't know if they'll do this now, but back then I'm like, man, I wouldn't, I took a, I took a a shot, I took just a plate.


No to, to take some of that irritation out of it. Ah. I don't think, I don't think they'll shoot that up now with you. But the stuff that we did back then ain't doing that right now. Right. They not doing that. Don't you Doing that Ocho. During the third and two situation in the second quarter of the game against the charger, Patrick Mahomes threw, threw a pass the sky more his first target of the season, what was a very catchable ball passed through his hands and dropped


Step into the world of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather slots Someday I will call upon you to do a service for Me. Play the Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome To the family, No purchase necessary. VDW Group. Avoid prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bose.com.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man City, Madrid, Barcelona, enter and AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, NTUs by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament is champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win days because nobody watches you ua. For Champions League like us stream every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video this Thursday it's an NFC South Battle. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers faced, the revamped Atlanta Falcons join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this crucial divisional matchup. You know what's crazy about the Bucks is most people, when Brady retired wrote 'em off. I know I was guilty, but Todd Bowles has proven pretty good. Head coach Jason Light, one of the best GMs in the NFL and let's face it. The bucks are just good. The Falcons not so sure. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Atlanta. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bucks and Falcons at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right? And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices. We might've, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network,


Fox four Kansas City reports that Chief general manager Brett Beach, was enraged with more slam at the table in front of and frustration. The USA Today top said top five receivers. Darius Slate for the Giants. Robert Woods from the Texan Kendrick. Born from the Patriots, Omar Cooper from the Browns. And last but not least, Deandre Hopkins. I told you Ocho Yeah, I told you last year he had lost his confidence. Oh yeah. Told you you watch ocho, you watch him his rookie year and you watch him last year. And now the only reason he got an opportunity to play is that guy down.


You know, no Hollywood. You, who else just got I, who else just got in Rashe Rice? Oh, rashe Rice. That's the, he mainly plays special teams. Right. And so Ocho you know what happens when a guy comes, when baseball, when a guy comes into the outfield, the ball gonna find you. If you scared the ball gonna find you Every time It's gonna find you. That it, I don't know how it happens like that or why it happens like that. Right. But bring a receiver in the game and he be scared. Yeah. He gonna be wide open. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Beat him up, ball. Beat him up. I don't, I don't know why it happens like that.


I don't know why it happens like that. And it always happened at the most opportune times. No, the most inopportune times. Yeah. Not inopportune times. Yeah. Always. Man, I, I, I can't even talk, I can't even talk normal like I want to. 'cause you, I'm, you know, I'm in at the hotel and you know, they always, they always send security to ma room. What do you think the chief should do? You like Slayton, you like Robert Wood, Kendrick Warren or Martin Cooper or Deandre Hopkins For me, the one that I believe can do more as far as working underneath stuff, because you already, you already have Xavier worthy who can go deep. You already have Hollywood Brown come coming back at some point. Who can go deep? I like, I like D Hopp.


I like DI like De Hop can kill de Hop can kill that short, inter intermediate game. He can kill that and he ain't dropping Nathaniel nothing. Yeah. Dep would be, there's Mark Cooper would be second de Hop would be first of Mark. Cooper would be second on my list. Yeah. Hell, I could try to get both of 'em if I could. Because Mark Cooper's gonna be a free agent next year. So is dha. Yeah. And you, Hey, we tried a threepeat, right? We tried, we tried the Threepeat, yes or no. Load It up. Load it up, load it up. Yeah. And I think especially if Cleveland continues to lose, why am I gonna pay Amari $16 million?


And we not going anywhere. Yeah. Let me see if I can get, let me see if I can get something for, can I get a fifth round pick for a mojo? Can I get a sixth round pick, take that salary off my books? Right. Dang. I mean, I like Kendrick born also. Yeah. But DHA would be first. DHA would be first. Right. Cool Would be second. Yeah. That, that, that would, that would be the order in which I would take him. But they're gonna have to do something. They can't stand Pat. There's no way. There's no way. No way. I believe Brent Beach and, and Andy Reed will stand Pat, oh, next man up. At some point in time if you run outta men, there's a reason why the man was sitting down, you talking about next man up. There's a reason why he was sitting down, don't you?


Yeah. Because If he was the man, he'd have been up. Oh, that's crazy. And there's only so many times, okay, the next man up, okay, the next man up. Okay, the next man up. Well damn we done went through like three men. So I mean, who has to be the one to make the, make that decision? If anything all Pat gotta do is go upstairs and say, listen, gimme some help. Gimme some help. We might be three and oh we might be four and oh, but it's going to get tougher unless you get me some help. Well look, they bounce everything off of, they bounce everything off of Pat. So when they say they're going to get a receiver, they ask Pat about Xavier worthy. What you think Pat? I love it.


Yeah. That kind of speed. We can push the ball down the field. We saw again 54 yard ball. He got speed, he got airline speed. Once he learns how to run the tree with that kind of speed, It's a wrap. Because first of all, Ocho, he gonna have, he gonna need to get a little, get a little, you know, he gotta be able to play through contact. 'cause right now people feel they can put their hands on him hands and rough him up a little bit with that kind of speed. Oh, you gotta be petrified of me. Oh yeah. Oh Definitely. Because that's one thing. Hey, I keep my legs on me, I keep on you. Hey. Just so you know. Yeah. Oh, that's what you think him go.


Alright, That's it. So I think the Chief's gonna make a move and they should ocho Now it's time for O Cho's. Favorite segment. It's time for Soccercap. Yeah. This is what I've been waiting for. Chat. Listen, We got no graphics. Oh, we got a graphic. Oh, I'm sorry. We ain't got no graphics. Ocho, we walk on that. We gonna get you some graphics too. We give the little man we got, okay, we got lower Third. We gonna have a little man kicking a bald head guy kicking a foot or kicking soccer ball. There we go. There we go. I like that. Well, listen, Soccercap baby, paramount Plus is your home for the ua for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is back in. Its bigger, better and bolder than ever.


That's right. The biggest event in all the club soccer returns with a whole new format. In this year's Champions League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. We're talking to Royal Madrid, Nortman, Barcelona by Munich, and much more. It's champions, playing champions. And here are the states, excuse me. And here are the states and all the takes placed in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesday because nobody watches UA for Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champions League match, live exclusively on Paramount Plus.


So I need all of you to do me a favor in the chat, head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign of the day. First game we talking about that we're gonna have coming up on October 22nd, is another rematch of tour of the greats, Spain versus Ger Germany. Madrid versus Dot, again, like I said, taking place on October 22nd. Rematch of last year's Champions League final, which, excuse me, rematch of last year's Champion League. Final Madrid is three and two against dormant in their last five matches. Where I'm gonna do this outscore dormant 12 to seven.


Those last five. Another another great, great, great, great match that I'm really looking forward to that I can't wait. And I know, I know I, I have some friends that are in the chat. This, this in the chat right now, if you, are you a gambling man? If you're a gambling man and you're a gambling woman and you want, and you wanna pick a team where you can make some good money, I need you to make sure. You bet. We, we, we are Madrid to win. They haven't looked too good at the beginning of the season, but now in Bape and Venicia and Reju, they're starting to gel together. The chemistry is a lot better. It was kind of sloppy at the beginning of the season, but they're playing very well, very well, very, very well now together.


So I have them winning that game. So if you're a Bettman, make sure you put your money on Madrid to beat Doman in the first game. Second game I wanna talk about. This is gonna be a good one, Barcelona, and I'm sure we got a whole bunch of messy bunch of messy fans in here, even though he is not at Barcelona anymore. Barcelona first is Bain. Take takes place on October 23rd. Unfortunately, the German powerhouse has been too much for, for Barcelona because the last five matches between the two. Byron is five and go five and over against Barcelona. And the last five matches Barcelona. This is ugly. He has outscored bar.


I mean, Byron has outscored Barcelona, 19 to two. And the last five appearances Barcelona hadn't scored, excuse me, my, I think my end is messing up. Barcelona hasn't scored against Byron since August 14th in 2020. So again, if you're a bettman, if you're a bet woman, you wanna win you some money, little parlor, your little money line. Make sure you bet with Byron to be Barcelona. You bet with Byron. Beat Barcelona again. And that is it for our wonderful Soccercap for the night. And I'm catch Allall again on the 22nd. Talk about these games. And when you win that money, just send me a tweet and thank me Ocho. We have some sad news today.


The Kimbe mbo, the Hall of Fame finger wag wagging center who spent much of his post basketball career as an ambassador for the NBA, died of brain cancer at the age of 58. Mutombo family revealed two years ago, he was undergoing treatment in Atlanta for a brain tumor. The NBA said he died surrounding by family and friends. I was in Denver when got there. I was in Denver when he got there. That's why I first met him, obviously living in Atlanta. I would see him. He went to the gym that I went to. And as I told the story today, if you hadn't finished your workout by the time you saw him, you wasn't gonna get no workout because he's gonna sit there and talk to you for a good 30 45.


So I'm like, bro, and he's steady talking. I've tried to do tri, I've tried to do something. He's talking, even though he doing his, like, you, you might, you might if I work in with you Sharp. So I was like, nah, I ain't got no problem bro. I ain't got no problem. You know, he just, he was just a great guy. O you, I mean, just like, just talking, you know, I love what you do so forth, this song. And it's, it's just so sad you don't know because I'm at the age that when I was a teenager in my early twenties, this is what they considered old. Oh yeah. But after you get to a certain point of your life, you realize the goal is to get old. Yeah. And hopefully you have your health, you have your family, you have your friends. I was glad that he had, he was surrounded by family, friends, and loved ones.


And because he gave so much giving back to his co his country building hospitals, building schools, trying to help his community, trying to help his country, it's so sad. It's, it's so sad that that death is so unfair. You never know when No, You never know when No you don't. And it takes the time like this, UNC and I, I wish people would do it when you have family members or you have people that you, you're close to. And I I I always tell people, you don't wanna do it.


You don't wanna envision it. But envision those individuals that used to be a part of your life. Envision those people that you used to be close with. You know, not being able to tell you, I love you again. Not being able to say, I miss you again. And it doesn't, it never hits you. Damn. I should have reached out one more time. Damn. I should have made amends with, with so and so. You know what, let me be the, be the bigger person and, and just apologize for what it may be. Maybe let me rekindle this. And it's, and it doesn't, it takes death. It takes death for that person no longer being here for people to realize, listen, you need to fix things, man, while people are still here.


Right. It's the, once you start to get to a certain age, Ocho you start to realize the only non-negotiable currency is time. Because it's the one thing that you cannot recapture. Oh. Need to get back. Yeah. Because once it's gone, it's gone. And you take things for granted because you think you have so much of it, but you don't know. Yeah. The moment, the hour or the day Yeah. That your number gets called. And that's a scary call.


'cause see it's the, it's the one appointment you can't reschedule. Oh No. Oh, come on now. When it's, when he says, okay, you have an appointment with me, you don't know it. Yeah. But it's not Rech Schedulable And that. Yeah. I'll tell you what grandma used to tell me. Every, every born comes with an expiration date. You don't know when that date is. So while you are here, you gotta live your life to the fullest. Yep. So thought and prayers go out to the Kimbe MBOs family first, most, first and foremost, his loved ones and his friends.


The Kimbe Mutombo dead at the age of 58. Damn. Also, we lost another legend today. It didn't stop there. The all time hits leader, Pete Rose passed away at 83, a 17 time All Star Switch hitter. The led the had the most hits. He broke Ty Cob, what many thought was Unbreakable record. He was a national league MVP in 1973. He was a World MVP, world Series MVP. He played for the Big Red machine, the Cincinnati Reds. They had a squad back then. Oh Yeah. Tom Seaver, Pete Rose, I think Tony Ferez was on that team.


They, Johnny Bench, many considered one of the greatest catchers ever. Yeah. He holds a major league record for games. Played 3,562 and played appearances. 15,890 and a l record, longest hitting streak. 44 games. I think he did he tie We Will Achille, we Willie Keeler record. I think that's who record he tied because Joe D has the record in the, in the Amer Well the overall record is also in the American League with 56. I think Robin y Paul, Robin y them has has something in like the high thirties, maybe forties.


Yeah. The question is now he fought hard. We know he was banned permanently, if I'm not mistaken. I think it was Faye Vincent that banned him permanently from baseball Right. With no consideration. Right. For the baseball Hall of Fame. I think Dan O'Dowd, I think it was is that who did the report, who wrote the report up for Pete Rose and, and handed his information of what he found out and turned it over to the commissioner, had the report.


Ocho is it time for Pete Rose to go into the ml, the the Baseball Hall of Fame Of Fame? Listen, I think it was time while he was here. I understand what he did. I think he paid for his mistakes, those that he did, while I'm assuming gambling on the game of baseball, but he's no longer here, you know, to, to smell those flowers. He no longer, he no longer here. And I hate when they allow people to get their flowers or, or to bless them with the highest achievement in their respective craft.


And they're not here to, to experience it. You know, it's like, it's like, well, you know what, you ain't here no more. Forget it. Here, here you go. Right. It's just, just, it seems so ingenuine Was it, was it Faye Vincent, the band in permanently or Bud Sealey? I don't think I know Bud was was the, the commissioner. But I thought, I thought that came across Faye Vincent's desk. Bart Giovanni. He was, he was the commissioner at the time. Wow. I thought it was Faye Vincent. No milestone approach to 4,000. No. That I, I think that is an unbreakable record.


Ocho I don't believe somebody's gonna play that long. The average that, that those kind of hits come down, it's a strikeout league. And now guys either hit it over the fence or they strike out. So he broke Ty Cobb's record. Ty Cobb had 4,191 hits, but he also had the highest lifetime. Well, I think now since they brought the, the Negro League players, and I think now Ty Cobb is second because he had the highest lifetime batting average at 360 6. Damn. Yeah.


Now I wasn't gonna tell you a story about my batting average, but I'm almost, I'm gonna let it slide. Yeah. It it's, it's just tough because I get it. I mean, I, and, and, and you know, for some his, I guess for his family, it's never too late. Yeah. But man, let that man smell his flowers. Yeah. He still, still got it. Okay. Your Rogers horns be 3 58. Ah. So Boston prayers go out to Pete Rose. Family, family, friends, and loved ones.


Sorry for your loss. Also, tombe Mutombo, Pete Rose was 83 years of age. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year, the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match, live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play. If you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out boz.com.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No Purchase necessary B GW Group voer prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Granger's. Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.