
This is Colin Coward from the Colin Coard podcast.


Help desk software, email tools, pipeline tracking. You don't need more tools to get more out of your business. You just need HubSpot. They're all on one customer. Platforms to dream come true for all your teams. Generate more leads for marketing, help sales close more deals, scale service fast, then watch results and revenue soar. Visit hubspot.com to get started today.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Miles smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy


What's popping. And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey, did you know the CMA awards is live Wednesday on a BC Chris Stapleton and Post Malone Kickoff Country Music's biggest Night Plus Electrifying Performances by Lainey Wilson. Shazi, Ashley McBride, Luke Bryan, Dirk Bentley, and a one of a kind. Collaboration by Thomas Redd and Teddy Swims. Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson. Host the CMA Awards Live Wednesday at eight seven Central on a B, C and Stream.


Next on Hulu, Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call Me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We Have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill For a foot. And created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I have. No I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. Watch now.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another edition of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shining Sharp. That's your favorite 85 Liberty City Zone. Bingo Ring of Fame Honoree, pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can call him just, you can just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember you matter. That helps us matter. We are not here where we are without your love and support. So thank you and continue your support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock. We have an abundance of it. We realize the holidays were right around the corner.


Thanksgiving, Christmas, new Year's Eve. And we wanna make sure you have a very festive holiday. So if you can't find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, you can order it and we'll get it to you before the holidays. Again, thank you for your continuous support. Please go follow my media company page on all its platforms. Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company, which 84 is failed out. Our newest release dropped this month. We dropped. I was held when I was well T-shirts. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand, stay with me now is now in the hoodie form. And of course our bestsellers, UNC and OCHO tee, lot of requests OCHO for a tee to come into you and I face on the front to come in black.


Guess what, we dropped that last week. The quantities are limited. Make sure you go grab yours while supplies last Ocho the game. We just ended the Lakers defeat the Grizzlies. 1 28 to 1 23. Lebron James became the oldest man in NBA history. Well he was already the oldest 'cause he had it three straight triple doubles. I think he was 34 years of age three. You know, he was a couple of days older than Jason Kidd who did it when he was 34. But he became the oldest man in NBA history to record three straight triple doubles, 35 points, 12 rebounds, 14 assists. And they needed every single point, every single rebound, every single assist.


He had nine points, seven rebounds, five assists. In the fourth quarter alone, the Lakers stayed undefeated at home as they beat the Grizzlies minus Ja Morant and minus Desmond Bain. I didn't think it would be that di that that difficult ocho, but the Grizzlies a very balanced team. They had 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 guys in double figures. Another guy had nine points. They are very, no, they had seven guys in double figures. Excuse me. They're a very scrappy team. You know what you're gonna get with you play the Grizzlies, you're gonna get a lot of effort even without two, two of their best players. Jah obviously is their best player, but Jaron Jackson had a superior, had a great game, 29 points, seven rebounds.


Zach Eddy had nine points that Zach, Edie, no, Zach, Edie had 12 points, excuse me, had 12 points. A Lama had what? 15 Scottie Pippen Jr. Has been playing extremely well. He just needed, he just needed a place where he could go and he could play. He wasn't gonna get the minutes there. I I'm sure the Lakers would love to have him, but when you got LeBron, who needs the ball? You're gonna have Austin Rivers on the point. And I think they had him before, maybe they had Delo also. That was just too many guys handling points. So he wasn't gonna get an opportunity to handle the ball Ocho. But I thought the Lakers really needed this game. They had to dig deep. I don't know if they took him for granted because Vain and Ja was going to be out, but I they had a fifth or what, a 12 point lead built the lead all the way to 15.


I think the Griz cut it to one, then outs score 'em in the third quarter. But the Lakers get it together. Ad was in foul trouble, a large part of this game. And I think that had a lot to do with it. E is just so big, man. I don't know how tall, I think it's about seven four Ocho. Yeah, he just takes up so much face. Face. Yeah, but this was a big win. The Lakers stay undefeated at home. But I thought the Lakers played really well when they absolutely have to. But you guys tip your hat to the grizzly because they played well without two of their best players. When you watch the game, Ocho what you think? I mean, I enjoyed it up and down the field out without Ja moron. Listen, they they played very well in transition on both sides, on both sides of the court defensively.


They, they, they did the best that they could, but offensive offensively in transition, they, they played extremely well. I, outside of that, for, for me, unc, knowing that, you know how much I've really just started watching the game of basketball, I would've liked to see the difference with Bain and Ja playing tonight and see if that would've made a difference in the game. The fact that the grids were able to keep it somewhat close, keep it somewhat close because of the way they played, because of how you just spoke on and how scrappy they were. I would've, I would've liked that a little better outside of that was good game. You did mention that ad was in trouble, in trouble and he really couldn't get in the rhythm early, but he did find his rhythm later on in the game.


Fourth quarter, he was huge. Yeah. Yeah. He quarter he hit two big threes. Yeah. To kind of extend that lead a little bit more, I'll say that I enjoyed it. I, I enjoyed it. And one of the things I would, I would, I would want and ask from you, being that the season is, is really just starting and as I, as I continued to learn the game of basketball, I think we need to sit courtside. I think we need to, we need to sit courtside so you can teach me the game better. And I think I'm a, since I'm I'm a visual learner, it'd be perfect. So you take me to all the games. Courtside probably That ain't gonna help. I I can put you in touch with the guy that got, that can get you the tickets to set Courtside. Oh No, no, not now. I wanna talk.


No guy. I, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna talk to you. I need you sitting next to me so I can No, I'm not, I I know what 'em courtside ticket costs bro. And I Know I you got, you got it. That ain't nothing to a player like you, that ain't nothing to a player Like you. It's just like I I, I'll sit courtside if there's not a game on, but for me, I like watching all the games. It's hard for you to sit court side and, and, and watch the games when you gotta be critiquing and analyzing all the games and come back and have a conversation about them. It's just, that's one of the reasons why I don't go to football games on Sunday because I can't analyze all the other games that's going on. If I'm sitting in a stadium watching that one game and there's so many other games that I need to talk about. So that's the main reason why I don't go to games. You know, I have an opportunity to go to games, go see the Broncos or Ravens play, but I'll be doing a disservice to try to come in here and have a conversation about other games that play knowing that I was at a game watching, focusing on that game.


So that's the main reason why I don't even go to, I don't even go to games. It would be nice to be able to go to a game here and there. I think the Broncos are coming out who I know they are, but they, and somebody asked me in the gym today, are you going to the Broncos Raiders game? I was like, nah, I'm not. When I look at the game, mocho, you look at the Lakers they shot and they're not the greatest three point shooting team they can get their streaky don't connect. Obviously the best three point shooter they made, they shot 48%, almost 40. They shot basically 49% from the three. But the turnover, right? That's what'll get you in trouble. And you have a 15 point lead and you turn the ball over a couple of times, you get lazy on defense and guys, you know, basically hit shoot around threes on you or they get, you know, uncontested layups to the basket.


I think that's what really hurt 'em because normally the Lakers, you shot 51% from the floor, you shot 49% from the three, you was terrible. From the free throw line, you was 22 or 32, right? You gotta be better from LeBron was five of eight. Cam Reds was one of four. Austin Reeds was five or seven. You gotta be better in, in a closer game, you're gonna need to make those Rico you, you, you need to be 20, 28 of 32, something like that. 29 or 32. There's no reason for you to miss that many free throws. But I, you know, other than that Connect played good coming off the bench. Kaloko played good off the bench. D low struggled a little bit tonight, gave Vincent hadn't found his stroke yet.


He hadn't found his stroke in a while. Hey, do you, do you, you think Delo coming off the bench, do you think that bothers him? You think it bothers him not being able to get a rhythm? Well, not, not having that, not having that i, I, I don't know the word to use, not, not confidence, but usually when a player is coming off the bench that it's normally a starter, it's hard for them to catch rhythm and they're a little bit, he a little hesitant, you know, when they decide to pull the trigger out, out, out there on the court. Yeah, I I think, you know, he's been a starter basically his whole career. So you have to revamp your game. Right. You know, Lou, you see Lou Will was a starter then all of a sudden they brought him off the bench. What's the guy name? Jamal Crawford. Guys that, I mean, you have, you know, basically you have to just like, but you do have the green light.


Normally guys that come off the bench, you understand they're gonna have, they have the green light. A Malik Monk will the starter, now they move him to the bench, he has the green light to get it rhythm right. And, but I think this role is better suited for him because you insert Cam reddish and you ask Cam reddish to guard probably one of the, the premier back court guy that takes pressure off of Officer Reed. So he doesn't have to exert so much energy trying to stay in front of a guy, like a job, trying to stay in front of one of the better one or two guards. And so that's the thing. You have to tip your hat for a guy like Jordan, a guy like Kobe that took the challenge, LeBron in his prime, that took the challenge, the guard the best guy and still had to give you the offensive production on the other end. That's what separates the guys.


The, the really good and the great players is that they were willing to accept that challenge even if they didn't do it for the entire game, when the rubber needed to meet the road, they would take that challenge in the fourth quarter overtime or late in the ball games and says, okay, nah, give him him give give me him. Yeah. But yeah, I, but I mean, what do you say about LeBron? I mean I, I I I mean you, you, you look at this point in time, the man is what, 39, 314 days, whatever the Yeah. Is that Nah, more than that. Yeah, because there's 45 more days. 365, so yeah, 314 days.


So there's 46 more days. I like to say guys, there's 46 more days before his birth on his birthday. But I mean, what, what do you say? 35 points, 12 rebounds, 14 assists. He shot great. I mean the efficiency was off the chart. 13 to 22, 4 7 from the three. Yeah, like I said, AD was in five trouble. He missed some easy shots. LeBron missed a couple of easy shots. But in the fourth quarter when they needed both of their big guns to step up, AD has played great all year long. I got no qualms with AD tonight. It was a relatively quiet night for him. 21 points, 14 rebounds, six or 16 from the floor. He was shooting 57% coming into the game. Like I said, it's kind of hard for him to get a rhythm. He was dealing with a guy that's so, so much taller than he is.


And even yeah, when you turn around and creates space shooting over a guy that's seven foot, I think he's seven foot four. Even if he jumps a little bit, you know, it's like create Creates a problem. Yeah. And so yeah, but give those, give him, give him credit. I wanna give the Grizzlies credit because I thought they played extremely hard. Like I said, given they didn't have Ja they didn't have Desmond Bain, you know, Jah was chirping on the bench. You know that that's his game. They do a lot of talking. Yeah, but that's, that's who they are. That's who that team is. But the Laker was able to keep their focus and win a ball game that they could have easily lost. Maybe. I'm not so sure last year when they played to have that league for whatever reason, O Joe and I've been watching the Lakers since LeBron got there.


It's always that third quarter where they sleepwalk coming out the first six or seven minutes of the ball game and the next thing you know, they might have a lead. The lead is gone. Or if a team, if it's a close game, the team puts separation. I don't know what it is. And it does not matter who's the coach. Yeah. If you go back and look at the Lakers, be it Vogel, be it Luke Walton, be it Darlingham, and now jj that third quarter, for some reason they fleet walk. Hey listen, when it comes to the game of basketball, whether it be the Lakers or not, regardless to who's coaching the basketball team, what I've come to learn in my, my short as being a a, a basketball savant is that the, the game of basketball is about runs.


It's a game of runs no matter how, how much you extend the lead for some reason, no matter what, that lead always shrinks significantly. When another, when another team gets in rhythm, gets in rhythm and they have their run, then at some point in the third, maybe the fourth quarter, then the game becomes a game where the games are somewhat even very seldom is it just a blowout as you, you get a lead, you extend a lead or in early in the game and you just blow the entire, blow the game out, out the water, the entirety of the game. For some reason, the the opposing team, the three four Shot always Back. Yeah, They always come back. I mean city teams, I mean the Lakers got up 41, the Grizzlies got up 33, the Celtics shoe 40 fifties, almost 63 a night.


So dang, when you get in a situation and you got teams that can make 25, 29 threes. Yeah. Right. No, no leader say, because you turn the ball, you miss a couple shots or you turn, turn the ball over and a team could easily go on their next five possessions, hit four threes or a two and a 20 point lead all of a sudden is a's eight a seven point lead. Yeah. And, and it's, and it's just like that. So yeah, normally when teams, I mean look, they were all, they've always been big comebacks, things of that nature. But it seems to me now with the way these teams can shoot the basketball that a 20 point lead in the first quarter. I mean I saw the, oh just the other night the Spurs had like a 20 something point lead in the first quarter on the Clippers.


Right. And by the third quarter the Clippers had done call 'em and had a 10 point lead and ended up winning the game. So yeah, it's, it is, it's always been a game of runs. But now with that three point shot and team's ability to have multiple guys on the court that can shoot and make that shot, shoot it. Yeah. There's, there's really no lead that's really safe. Yeah, but I, i look this is basically the same roster that they had last year. So for, for Darvin ham to, excuse me, for JJ Reddick to get this kind of production ad is playing off the chart. Statistically he's playing his best balls of his career. LeBron is LeBron. LeBron is LeBron.


Officer Reeves now that he doesn't have to guard the best player, you know, the best backport player. Right. He has some energy to give you something. Now Cam reddish is not the guy that's gonna give you, he is a defensive guy, he's a wing defender now and anything that he gives you offensively you greatly accept. But you just want to make sure that you limit the back court guys, you don't let him get his average. If you can hold a guy from his average, give us some limited production. Cam Brady has done his job now, DLO, you come in and you get your 15 points coming off the bench. I thought do connect was unbelievable thing five of five from the three, seven of eight from the free throw from the field. He had 19 big points.


He had the highest plus minus he was plus 17. You can't complain about that. Right? Kaloko gave you four points, gave you a couple of rebounds, D low gave you eight points, gave Vincent for whatever reason, gave Vincent hadn't found his stroke. He was a, I I remember when he was in Miami. Damn. Every time he shot the ball it seemed like it was going in. Going In. Yeah. And now all of a sudden he was oh six from the floor. Oh four from three from the three got 13 minutes of cardio in. Listen them bright lights, them bright lights different. Now I know Miami is Miami, but bright lights different over there in Hollywood. Expectations are different. Oh yeah, most definitely. You're Playing alongside LeBron.


The ball is still weigh the same, the rim is still the, the the the depth perception Right. Is absolutely the same. Yeah. It's just a different level of expectations and you're playing alongside a historically great player and people, it, it, it, it, it does matter. You know, you know who's feeding you the ball. Yeah. You know what's expected.


Okay. Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers. Big cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Miles smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. Why are you sleeping? Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game-changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, what describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those quartz side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for fun. Ms. Kayla thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years known cross I'll to trust his gut. Get inside his head with clocks ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video watch now


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wakeford Chambers League. The best club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. There are some massive games coming up, including buy-in versus p and g on Tuesday, November 26th, and then Liverpool versus Raw Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. If champions playing champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day and the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Dream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Wait for Champions League. And you can try it for free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking yourself. Start, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


But the Lakers hold on to win the ball game 1 28 to 1 23 to remain undefeated at home and move to 74 on the regular season. The Lakers have decided that Bronny James will play in the G League home games but will not travel with the team during the road games. Ronnie Bronny will be with the Lakers during road games. Brian Windhorst doesn't think that's a good idea. I'm going to apply the brakes on. Everything is fine on Brody front and with the things that's now happening, he's only, he's only, he's only going to counter be a part-time G League player and he's not getting on the United Airlines and going to fly and go play at these roll games. Now I know he was getting so much special treatment and nepotism and that's fine.


Honestly I don't care. Like I said, it is normal now. I think it's actually detrimental to him. I don't know who whose idea was. Obviously the Lakers are fine with it. They're doing it on the particular, on this particular instance. I think you've gone too far. I don't think it benefits bro. I don't think it benefits South Bay Lakers. I don't think it benefits LeBron at this point. I, I think it'd be better if Bronny played more developmental player by February of March by playing in the G League road games. Ocho what you think? I I think whoever had the idea and and using Bronny the way he is for his development, I think they would know a little bit more than whoever else has anything to say about it. They understand what bro needs to do to get, bring him himself along to be a contributor and to get better at his game so we can play, you know, at the highest level everyone is going to have their opinion on the matter.


But I think those that have been doing it for a long time that actually played the game and that or actually played, listen, this something LeBron has probably signed off on. This is something probably Bronny and and other advisors that are in positions of power have thought was the best thing for him to do. You know, to play, to play in the home games not to fly when the Lakers on the road and that's how they saw it fit. I'm not sure why that would be an issue with anyone else because How did you get better fitting on the bench at Laker games? He needs to play. You said t but he's Playing, playing the home games, playing in the South Bay home games. You said players don't get better sitting on the bench.


So why is Bronny getting better sitting on the bench based on what you said? He just, they just said he's playing in the South Bay Lakers home games, But they play road games. So when he, so, so when they go on the road he don't, he gets nothing outta there. So just go sit on the bench and watch, watch the Lakers at home. I Hey y listen, that, that's, that wasn't my decision. No, But I'm just, I'm just ba on what you said. He's saying the, he's playing the home games. You said players don't get better sitting on the bench, be it basketball or football. Right. I'm asking you now, how does bro get better when he is only playing part-time and the other half the time he's sitting bench.


Listen, you really can't do the comparison when you talk about football and basketball 'cause he's still playing. When you get Ben in football, you're not touching the field at all. No, No, no, no, no, no Practicing. But You're practicing. Right, right. But again, he's playing in the home games for the South Bay Lakers. He's not being Vince enough. He's just not being unc. You would know better than me. I'm not a basketball player. I'm Not, I mean, come on now. Don't don't do that. Don't do that. Cop out on me talking about, I would know better does a guy get better play. So lemme ask you a question. So if a football player, he only played home games but he didn't play on the road, he's getting better, huh? Dad, come on. No, you can't know now. You know you can't compare him to goddamn damn sports. Now come on now, don't do me like that. But if you get better By playing, I thought you get better by playing.


We just had the conversation about Scottie Pippen Jr. Look at what he's doing. He was sitting on the bench. Look at him now when he's getting an opportunity to play, to play versus him fitting on the bench coming in spot. I like, I like, I like what you just said, but the key words you said about Scotty Piman Jr. On the reason why he wasn't playing where he was because other people needed to handle the ball. What difference does it make? Why Wait, finish, finish. He had to be in a place where he could touch the ball and be a part of the team. So, so what does Brody, so so what about Brody? Doesn't he need to be a place to play, Right? So you would want it to be somewhere else and so you have problem To be on play. I want him to play. I don't get the benefit of him playing part-time and the other time sitting on the bench.


That makes no sense to me. You get better, you get better at doing something by doing something. Right. Not doing it part-time. What, what occupation allows you to do something part-time and you become great at it? Man, they, that's, that's, that's a good question. That's a good question. But the fact that he is playing the fact that he is very, very young. The fact that they think he's not come along far enough to where he can be a part of the active roster when a Lakers play and go on and play at home and play on the road games, allowing him to develop in this way that they, that they see fit. You know, I I some might agree with it, some don't. The fact that he is playing, they're trying to bring him along slow.


That's the only thing I can think of. Yeah, I mean, but look, there's, there's, I mean I didn't have a whole lot of expectations. He is not a part top 10 pick, but I just think him being the 55th pick in the draft, I just think that playing at the, and getting and, and handling the ball and going up against competition and working on your craft. I don't know how you work on your craft part-time and become great at it. Now I'm not saying that he can't, but I'm just saying I don't understand how Yeah, I understand what you mean. I, I I totally understand what you mean. I don't unders I I kind of get where they may be coming from on their end.


But listen, people, people, folks had to sign off on this. Oh yeah, We know they, they did. Oh yeah, for sure. I mean they, They, they had sign off on this and, and they don't, they don't want him playing, playing full time. Why? They don't, I don't know. I don't know what they, I don't know what the blueprint I'm, I don't know what the idea is behind it, but it's something that many, many obviously probably wouldn't agree with. This is something that not, doesn't normally happen though, right? No. So it is, it is either you play for the home team or you play for the league Co Well, a lot of times they put you on a two-way contract. That means you're down there and you're playing, you know you're playing and sometimes they need you. They'll call you up. Yeah, you call you ride. But it's, it's a situation.


You play the G League games and if somebody gets Nick they'll call you up. Call you up. Yeah. You think it's a little, It's kinda like in baseball, I mean I think it would be odd like minor league games, baseball player, okay, you play the home game. But when you, when they travel, you don't play. You just come sit up on the bench in the majors. Nah, you need a bat. You need swings. You think May maybe, maybe listen, I could be reaching. You think maybe they're protecting him from something, you know, in away games? No, he needs, he, he just needs to play. I mean, you protected by me. You're not you. I don't, I me personally, I don't think you're helping him by having him sit on the bench. I don't really know how much you could, I mean look, I get it, but in that situation, I think in basketball you definitely need to have the ball in your hands.


You need to be doing things on the court. You need to be playing. I don't know the benefit of you because it's not like basket, it's not like football Ocho. 'cause you know, we do practice during the course of the week. I mean shoot around really ain't no practice. I mean you shoot around, you go over a couple of plays, you watch some film. I think he needs to be an actual game-like situation in order for him to get better. But hey, we'll see how it plays o over the next right? Right. Two to three years and see if this was the right way for him to develop Giannis Kupo, the Greek freak scored 59 points in the bucks. 1 27, 1 20 win over the piston. It was a league high in points this year by a player and the second highest single game total for Giannis.


He outscored the pistons by himself in overtime, scored 11 points to their nine and he's the first bucks player to go five for five or better in a single overtime period. Since play by play was first track in 19 96, 97 tonight. Marks Giannis ninth career game in which you scored 50 points and 10 rebounds the third most in NBA history. Well, nobody has ever, ever, ever catching Wilt Chamberlain. Wilt Chamberlain has a total of 118 games in which you scored 50 points and has 10 rebounds. The next closest is Elgin Baylor, who's 102 games behind him. Elgin Baylor has 16 such games.


Giannis is now in third place with nine. You would never guess who's in fourth place. Who that? There there are four guys tied. James Harden, James Harden, Joel and b Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Michael Jordan are all tied with eight such games. 50 points and 10 rebounds. Two guards are on the list. Nobody's surprised that Will Chamberlain. I would've, I I could've told y'all be like anytime they have something to do with fifties take Will. Right? Anything that gotta do with sixties take will anything that got something to do with seventies take will.


Right? Anything that got anything to do with with forties take will you want. Right? Anything when it comes to scoring take Will and you're probably, you're probably gonna be right, but tonight Gianni Kubo had a 50 10 game, if I'm not mistaken. I was watching the game. I think he had 22 points in the four first quarter. His teammates had two, the pistols had 27 maybe. You know what Ocho, Kenny, he, Hey Kenny. He get some help though. Well can he get some, can he get Some help? Janni Dame was out tonight and maybe it's just me. Oh, okay. But I've watched these games, I've watched him play.


Right. Jannis plays better when Dame's not in the lineup. Dame plays better when Giannis is not in the lineup. But that's not a good thing because they need to play great together in order for them to reach their ultimate destination. And people are like, well they only been together for a little while. Gianni is not gonna wait around for them to develop chemistry. They better figure this thing out. Well actually they've already had a full season. The developed chemistry, the chemistry, the honeymoon phase is over. Yeah, they should know each other very well. He should be opening the car door. Man, don't, don't get me started. The chemistry should already be there. It's the game. It's the game of basketball. It's only five people on the goddamn court. It ain't 11. It ain't no Oh it, it should be a well-oiled machine after all this time.


You had a training camp, you had a mini camp. I don't know how many goddamn camps they probably go through and you've already had a full season. So at this point in year two with two players of that caliber that are that good, they should be able to mesh well together. Not, okay, you're not playing tonight and you go off for whatever, whatever points it may be. Okay. Giannis is not playing it tonight and Dame goes crazy like you just got, you guys gotta say I have to be on the same page on the same night and be just as deficient. Yeah. I don't understand why one would play better when the other isn't playing. That makes no sense to me. Yeah, it's two superstar players. You would think they would be really, really great in the pick and roll.


Well they're okay in the pick and roll because Giannis is not a pick and pop player. It's not like he got a mid-range game. He doesn't, oh Wait. His mid-range has got a lot better now. He doesn't have a mid-range game. Basically Giannis is getting the ball and he's trying to go down the hill. He's, he's gonna back you out and he's gonna try to find a way to euro step you and get down the hill. He doesn't, he doesn't like to play with his back to the basket. He doesn't like to shoot the mid-range shot. He doesn't like to fall away. He's trying to get to the basket. He's gonna try to up and under you, he's gonna try to dunk on you or he's trying to go over the wall and get to the lane. So it's like he's not like ad ad can pick and pop ad can roll to the basket. Ad can pick and pop. Okay. You can dribble drive, you can dribble handoff with him.


There's a lot of different things that you can do with a guy like an ad Joel and B big guys that can shoot, that's not what Gianni is. Yeah, he can have a hot stretch here or there where he making the mid-range shot but that's really not what he wants to do. Right. But tonight he was 21 or 44. He was one or two on threes. He shot 17 free throws. He was 16 or 17 from the free throw line. He had a 14 rebounds, seven assist, two stills, three blocks, only had three turnovers played 44 minutes. He was great and he had to be Brooke Lopez. Nine of 17, five of eight. Six of eight for the, he had 29 Torry and Prince kept in with 15. Gary Trent Jr.


And you would think I faked the thing is like when you got young, when you got Dame, a guy that can shoot the ball, I think a lot of what they're missing is on Ball defender. They really messed up when they let holiday go. Right? 'cause he was their best perimeter defender. Hey, I ain't even, I can be honest with you. I can be honest with you. I ain't know JR. Holiday was that damn good and valuable. Oh yeah. And you never understand how good a player is until they leave a certain situation and they play with somebody else. Now you understand their true value and the struggles on why the bucks are struggling in certain areas. Sometimes OCHO we just look at the staff. Well the guy's a 20 and 10 guy or the guy does this or that, but Drew Holiday does so many other things.


He's normally taking the best player from the opposing team, especially if he's probably a three A, a three, two or a point. He's taken them and now you got Derrick White who's also an elite defender. You got a big Al who can protect the paint. You got Pingus who can protect the paint and now you got JT and JB that doesn't have to ex exert nearly as much energy taking guys that can go get 30, you know, 30, 25, 30, 35 points. So now you got two guys, you got two defenders, you got two guys that can protect the paint and now you got your scores that have energy to go score the basketball. I just, like I said, I, I've watched them for a year.


I know Giannis got hurt, missed some time last year. Year Dame got Nick, he's out right now dealing with I, I'm not sure what he is dealing with, but watching them play over the course of last year into this year, those guys do play better separate than they play together. Okay, we need to go to a Bucks game too. Then you get court size six. Giannis made every basket for the Milwaukee in the first quarter hit in seven to 10 field goal attempts and all three of his free throws, he had 22 of the teams, 24 points. Oh. Also the calves continued the undefeated season. They beat the Sixers one 14 to 1 0 6. No Joe, LMB no PG sat out do the load management. Damn Joe L MBI just got back.


But hey, he need to manage it. Cavs became the 16 NBA history to start the season 13 and oh of the previous five teams to start 13 and oh four made the NBA titles won the NBA, excuse me, won four, made the NBA finals but only won Right. The 19 93 94 Houston Rockets won. The title, the record, if I'm not mistaken, is the Golden State Warriors who started the season in 20 15, 16, 24 and oh Hey. Yeah, I have a question. Yeah. Do you personally have a, a problem with Embi taking nights off, understanding his situation, his, his injury history, the fact, his size, his weight.


I'm, I'm, I'm just curious. I'm how do you, how do you feel about it? Yeah, I mean, and they just gave him a three year, $193 million extension. Okay. So that means you do have a problem. Yeah, I got a problem with it guy I playing. Absolutely. Yeah. The fans have a problem with it too. Right, right. Even with understanding on why he has to have load management. Yeah. Based on, you know, Well they should be. Shouldn't they be able to load manager's check. I mean, I mean, damn. I mean the guy, oh, so the guy missed the first nine games of the season. He comes back playing the game and now he's out again.


Damn. That was a good one. I, I, I, I, I, I just, I look, look, this is, this is, this is the problem that you're gonna have with him. He had, he had a injury history when you drafted him. He's 21, he had injury history at 20. Right. What happens as he starts to age? Do you think It gets, do you think people get lighter? Do athletes get lighter as they age or do they get heavier and then compound the injury history that they already have? Hmm. You Right, Because if you look at it, I'm trying to, other than pop, what team has load managed and, and won the title, Hey, of fact, speaking of pop, right, spurs had won the title.


Who was the player that was being load managed then at that time? Well, they used to do it all the time with Tim Duncan. They would send Tim Terry. Oh yeah. Okay. And, and Tony Parker and Manu and then, you know, Kawai came in and they did the thing, well, Kauai, but then, you know, they thought Kauai was faking his injury and he wasn't. And so, you know, that thing, that's why he ended up being out of, that's why he ended up getting traded out of San Antonio. It's just like, I, I get it. It's just, it's just, I I think the thing is the questions, we're always gonna have this question, even when his career is over.


What if, because we've seen J Joe LB when he, when he's playing, ain't nothing like him. Hey, lifestyle Seven, he's 7 1 7 2 3 25, 3 30 can shoot the three. We've never seen a man his size, his weight can shoot the three ball, put the ball on the floor, mid-range can finish, go put it on the floor, get all the way to the rim. You can run anything with him. You can run dribble, drive, dribble, handoff, pick and pop. Ain't no, I mean offensively he has no weakness and he's a damn good defender. Right. Just Can't healthy. He just a big ass. He's a, he's a big ass man that had injuries as a, as a, as a young man.


Yeah. That's exacerbated as he started to age, right? Yeah. I mean I, I wish I could give you a be and I'm trying to tell y'all, I mean, God normally big young guys have problems as big man Zion, he's hurt again. Hamstring. He got, he gotta lose, he gotta lose some of some of that weight, huh. My thing is, is that when you try to tell people that, oh, y'all pick it on him, he play, he been that size his whole life. He has, he been playing NBA basketball his whole life Different.


The type of energy you have to exert the highest level is completely Different. He's always, he's always been the best. He's always been the best player. When high school, he was the best player in college. He was the best player. He steps on the court every night. He's not the best player. All those guys are really good. All those guys, you know, there are a lot of guys that he played against high school that didn't go to college. There's a lot of guys that he played against in college that didn't go to the NBA. Every guy that he plays steps on the court with or is in the NBA. Yeah. So it takes a different level in order you to, for you to perform. He could probably go in high school, probably go 70%. Right? He drop 30. Yeah. He was so much better than everybody else in college.


He was better than everybody else. Nah, bro. It, it, it, it takes a, it takes a lot and that's what did, you know, you, you tip your, even if you don't like LeBron, you don't like that he made the decision. You don't like anything about it. Right. You gotta take your damn hat off the man's play 22 years And, and most, most of those years And give and, and give and, and give and give you the performances that he's given you. Time and time again. Jordan, you know, he wasn't gonna cheat you Kobe, they wasn't gonna teach you. Hey. Like, like I said, I think now Ocho I've already come to the conclusion we're not gonna see the guys in today's game for whatever reason.


Right. Play 82 games is not a badge of honor for them. It used to be bad. 82, I got me 82 of these things. I played every single game. Yeah. It's just like baseball, baseball today that we see in these pitchers pitch like, you know, five man rotations. Right? Because basically they go, everybody's going five inning, maybe you go six complete games. A somebody throw a complete game, hell, they running on sports center. They running on sports center like five or six times because it's such an anomaly. Now you got guys you, you don't want see go through the four times through the lineup. So you might make it three times through the lineup. After that they gonna pull it and now they go ride it.


Right. They go lefty, lefty, you go set up, you go to the bull, you get into your bullpen at the sixth inning. I mean you look at the Dodgers, the Dodgers bringing our guys to face one guy, okay, you good, you gone. Okay. You come out, you lefty, they got two lefty. You face both of them, you gone. That's where it is. Now. The days of you seeing the Nolan Ryans and you seeing those guys, you know Randy Johnsons, Nah, it ain't happening no more. If not, it's not. And know and, and the thing is, I I, because I when you, when you, when you see a talent like Joe L mbi, all you want to do is maximize that talent because you realize what you're watching. You understand just how great it is.


But unfortunately, I'm not, I'm, we're not gonna be able to see Joe l at his best because the injuries won't allow it. We won't see it. We won't see it consistently. We've seen him. Oh, okay. We know what he can be. Yeah, you said consistently. Okay. I see what you mean. Night in and night out, night in and night out. I mean, has there ever, has there ever been a big man of that size that can do the things that he does? No. On the court? No. That's why Kareem was able to play as long as he did. See, okay. What did he do? Kareem, Kareem stretched, Kareem managed his weight. Kareem probably damn near the same size he was when he played as a 74, 70 5-year-old man.


You gotta, He a different, he had a different frame though, huh? That's my, he got different Frame. So what, so what should don't, yo, if you a big kid, you gonna be a big ass man. What's the likelihood of you coming into the league at a 300 pound man in the NBA? You go out in the league as a 300 pound man. Now you, you a LeBron invest in his body. He made a decision that, you know, I wanna play as long as I possibly can, and these are the steps I need to take. Tom Brady says I wanna play as long as I can. Tom Brady said way back when he wanted play until he was 50. We thought he was crazy.


Oh, he meant that. But he took, he meant that the steps, you can't wait till you get to year 10. Like, oh man, I wanna plate No, if you haven't taken those steps, if you haven't watched what you eat and you hadn't cleaned up your diet, you haven't done the thing. Busy and PTs and all that stuff, hyperbaric chamber, cold tubs ain't happening. Hold On. But hold on, UNC, when you talk about the steps, you talk about the steps of people that are nor of normal size, what, what steps can God, Joel b take that that can promise and guarantee that he can play at 82 games? He's inconsistent. Ain't no guarantee, but without a diet in proper training, ain't no chance of it happening. You see, people think hard work guarantees you something. It doesn't guarantee you anything.


But I can assure you this, without it, you got no chance. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You gotta, you gotta ocho you gotta realize that's a big man and you're asking him to run up and down the court. Jump up and down continuous night in and night out. Do you know how much that is? Think about how Ocho think about how your knees and your ankles felt you. 185 pound man planting, cutting. Whoa, whoa. Don't do that. Why? Why, why, why? Don't cut me. So don't cut off all my hard workout. I done been in the gym now I done got myself to goddamn 2 27. You, you was, You went 2 27 when you played. I'm saying, think about how you felt all that planted and cutting. Now imagine before they had turf.


When they had turf and they didn't have grass, or they didn't have this field turf. What your knees felt like right Now imagine that I'm going to put another a hundred. I'm put No, you know what? I would put 200, 150 pounds on you, On Me, on you. And ask you to do that same thing. Yeah. I'm, I'm not, I'm not sure how that, how, how that would've worked. But listen, I, it it the fact that historically big men haven't fared well at that size in the NBAI thought people would a bit be a little bit more lenient with, with Joel Joelle Embiid and understanding why he's having a load ma loads management instead of him actually playing night in and night out and then being out for the entirety of a season and missing more time again as opposed to being load, managing his body, understanding he can only do so much throughout an two game season.


Well, if you know you're heavy, what must you do? Manage your weight. Yeah. Eat properly. So do you think you can, he can eat whatever he wants. Yeah. May maybe he does, man. Maybe he has a, a nutritionist. Okay. Maybe he does some, some of the things we hear about him, you know, eating McDonald's or liking burgers. Sure Ain't shit no here about it. You see it. He was proud of that on camera. I'm, I'm, I'm sure that his change at this point is in his career. I get, I'm, I'm sure it has. I'm sure he has a team of people know that, that do everything they can around the clock to make sure he can be healthy and be on the court and be available. Okay? Okay. Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar May Bacon.


Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar,


Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While are you sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in Everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, what, describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling news series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross, I learned to trust his gut against inside's head. The clock's ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know I am better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video watch now


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wakeford Chambers League. The best club soccer tournament is underway and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. There are some massive games coming up, including buy-in versus p and g on Tuesday, November 26th, and then Liverpool versus Raw Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. If champions, plan champions, and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Dream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Wait for Champions League. And you can try it for free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


Prayers going for Greg Popovic Pop suffered what team called a mild stroke on November 2nd. The Spurs said Pop has started rehabilitation a rehabilitation program and is expected to make a full recovery. Damn Prayers out the pop. Yeah man, that's tough. My grandmother had one of those and I mean she got PT for like a couple of weeks. Like I said, see physical therapy for a professional, it's something entirely different because he's going every day. He's going multiple times a day. Right. As opposed to to average person, they get two a week but you only getting that for what?


20? You getting 20 sessions. Yeah. So you probably get, you go to two a week for 10 weeks, you get 20 sessions, that's it. Maybe they'll write you another script for another four, another eight sessions, which is another four weeks. That's it. Damn. That's it. Pop probably getting it twice a day every day. Right. That's why athletes heal so quick, so much quicker than the general population. Not only because you know the muscles and the things are are stronger, but the therapy that we receive versus what you guys receive is something entirely different.


Yeah. That's why I got like, damn he back already. What you say? He back? Yeah. That's why you see, see Adrian Peterson able to come back in six, seven months and do what he did. Rod Woodson had first had ACL surgery and played in the Super Bowl. People forget about that. He He must ain't have a full tear. Huh? Full tear Played in the Super Bowl. What the hell type of vibranium. Jerry Rice. Okay. Jerry Rice tore his ACL the first game and played late in the season.


Yeah. Caught two touchdowns against us. Go look it up. That's crazy. But Pop Hey man bro, we play praying for you. Thoughts and prayers for the Nightcap family goes out to the San Antonio Spurs and Greg Popovich and his family thoughts and prayers to all the Fra the friends in San Antonio, all Greg Popovich, family, friends and loved ones that loves and cares about Pop. Hey the Nightcap crew over here. We pray praying for you bro. Get well soon. Wanna see you back on the court, not talking to reporters. Victor Wema Victor go career high 50 points including a career high. Eight three pointers in a 1 39, 1 30 win over the Wizards at 20 years, 314 days.


Wema is the fourth youngest player to score 50 points at seven foot four. He's also the tallest to do it. The youngest player to do it was Brandon Jennings. He did it at 20 years, 52 days. Lebron James is the second oldest. He did it at 20 years, 80 days. Devin Booker was the third. He did it at 20 day, 20 years, 145 days. Victor Wilma did it at 20 years, 314 days. And LeBron did it again on December 10th, two oh 2005 at 20 years.


345 days. So Hey Wim, hey Wemby. But Wemby is special for sure. How many times, how many times have we seen somebody that young that can put the ball on the floor, create his own shot, run the pick and roll from distance at he got a three point shot, he got a mid range. But with the fuck is the weakness? No, it is not. It is not that his age is his size. We've never seen somebody that size seven foot four and a half. Yeah. That can put the ball on the floor, like you said, can shoot the three ball plays.


Outstanding defense. We've never seen anybody his size, his skill in the history of the game. Yeah. I mean most, most guys, when you think about people that, that that tall, you know, they're very, I don't know if I'm saying this right, they're very lethargic. The the way that they move is very god damn, how do you say it man? They move like Zach, Edie, they move like rest his soul. Mark Eaton. They move like rest his soul. Sean Bradley. Man Bow. Yeah. Guys like that. What's his boban? Yeah, you know what the the, the best thing I can think about it. People that height and that size are not twitchy. No, That makes sense.


Wemby is twitchy. Ojo. Oh, he can fa he can face you up. Put the ball on the floor. Cross you up. Yeah. Like the goddamn AI and go to the basket at seven four. Why would you want God to get a man? Everything. So you want God to make somebody seven foot five give him fast twitch fiber, but damn He got it. He got it. He man, he gonna, he's special. I mean Yeah, he could pass. He can pass the ball. Yeah. And I, I think the thing is that what I've been most impressed when I hear him talk is that he wants to be great and he takes the, and he wants to take the steps necessary because a lot of people talk about being great, but do you understand the steps that it takes in order for you to be great?


Right. So you just don't roll outta bed one morning and say, you know what? I think I'll be great. Be great today. Now you live that every single day. Oh yeah. Every single day. What you do, how you approach the game. I mean listen to people talk. What JR say, what does everybody said about LeBron? The steps first in last to leave shooting, getting the shots up, cold tub, hot tub, physio, this, that hyperbaric chamber stem, everything. What you hear about it? Yeah. Discipline. No, no shortcuts.


No shortcuts. Sometimes you know, people fold when they get that money. Now you hear me? Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sometimes people fold and they just going through the motions once they get that money. That's What I didn't under, that's what I didn't understand Ocho is that? Yeah. My thing was when I got the big payday I wanted, I wanted you to show within a year or two I was underpaid. Mm. I wanted to get to the, I was like, well y'all just gave me this man please. I finna go, I finna go get the next bag. And with basketball players. Think about it. Jason Tatum making 3 20, 3 30, dude, Jason Tatum, 26. His next contract gonna probably be 400 million.


That man's gonna make a billion dollars just in basketball. No endorsement, just basketball. Right. That's crazy. So I I I I've never got athlete 'cause I've seen it. Guys get the bag and then they don't train. They don't do what, what they did in order to get that Right. Nah bro, you gotta be, you gotta be hungry. I said they keep, I think I said Mark Eaton is deceased. Right. Sean Bradley I think got paralyzed in a a, he got paralyzed in a bike accident. Mark Eaton got run over on a bike. Correct.


I know Sean, I know Sean Bradley got paralyzed. I think he was riding a bicycle and he got, he got ran over the bi. Huh? Mark, both of 'em. Mark Heaton got ran over the bicycle too. Yeah, both of them in Utah. I, I, I, I I thought I remember reading that while ago. Mark Eaton was a tall guy, was a defensive player of the year for the Utah Jazz. Played a number of years with the Utah Jazz. He was a a an all an all star on a bike in Utah. Got ran over, got killed. Sean Bradley from you Mormon got ran over the bike, got paralyzed. What's going on over there with them bikes? Huh? Bro, look here. That's why I stopped riding. Unless you, unless you on a trail. Oh, mo Oh, motorcycle Bike on bicycles.


Oh no, but You on, you on the street. Right. And you know, people, people don't take, you know, look, they, they they don't, They they don't pay that attention. No, They don't pay attention. No. And you know, and it don't take much for you to go down on that bike. They hit that back tire. You on the ground, you up under the car. You don't see, don't anticipate how fast that car is going and it's up on you before you know it. Boom. And like I said, that's why I, that's why I stopped riding, don't you? I I start, I actually stopped riding my bike because I used to ride through. I would always try to get up early in the mornings, try to get out before the traffic got bad.


And me and a couple parties, we go out, we'd go 30 miles ride through the city of Atlanta. But it just got to the point. It just was, it just wasn't. And I rode a lot, especially when I played Right. But it just, I just like, nah, it's not even worth it if I can't get to a, now Colorado is very conducive. 'cause you can got trails and you can go from Denver all the way to Colorado Springs. You go up to Boulder and never come, really come, come in contact with a, with a vehicle but in the streets like, like Atlanta. And I see people riding in, in LA and, and hell no. Right. Especially now the way the traffic is in Atlanta. Nah, nah, you just, you just asking for trouble. So I said no, I'm good.


Ocho Carmelo Anthony says he wanted to leave the game because of basketball after a young player called him. Unc. We're playing in Denver. This is the first time I played in Denver in a long time. I go back, Michael Port is guarding me. I catch it on him quick. Right elbow just like that. Catch it post quick jab, go left, lay up. Boom. He like, damn, I ain't know you still had that. Hey man, Meow, mellow, mellow funny man. I just did, I think, I think I just did a podcast of Mellow and Rudy Gay last week. I I, I really enjoyed that hearing their stories, some of their basketball stories, some of the things that they've been through to get, you know, get to the point and when they knew they were at the end, you know, of their, of their career.


So man, that, that was very, very, very, very enjoyable man. And damn, when, when you think about it, if you watch, when you watch watch Melo highlights, man Melo one of the greatest scores of all time. One of the greatest players of all time. And that it, it was dope just to be in his presence. And obviously Rudy Gay is Rudy Gaye is very good at his, at his craft as well. So just being in that presence and talking sports and, and what it took, you know, for us to get where we got to and how our paths were all different, but the end goal was all the same. Yeah, for sure. That was dope. That was dope. The Thing is that I noticed as I know my time was, I just couldn't give it to you. Like I once could. Yeah. I could put the games together when I was in my prime.


I could give you games. I can give you a hundred and a hundred and 190 and 80. As I started to get older, my mind said, oh yeah. Ooh, about to say six. Right, Right, right, right. But the body, the body can't do it. I could have that one big game. Hence in my 13th year I broke the NFL record for most receiving yards in the game By a tight end. Yeah. What was it, 15 or 17? That was, that was year, that was year 13 for me. No, I'm saying how many the catches Two. I had 12 for two 14. Woo. But Oh, cooking Boy. Yeah, you Were cooking, huh?


But, and I ended up, that was gonna be a special year because I felt oh, ojo, I had Odd man had a got, I had got with a, a speed coach. I, I did, I started to train differently. My body looked different. I felt so good. I knew this was gonna be a special year. You was light too, man. I bet You was light. Yeah, I felt good. I bet you at your, I bet you were at your lightest that year. I Always, no, the thing was ocho my body was different. I always, I always came into camp at 2 32. That was my reporting weight. I always wanted to be 2 40, 2 32. Even though as I started to get older, Mike was like, look, you can come in if you wanna come in at 35, 36. I said no, I wanted the pressure to know I had to be at this weight.


Even as I got older, I still wanted that. I still needed to focus, but like, okay, you gotta be at this weight. And so, but yeah, as I started to get older ocho I just, I just couldn't give it to him back to back like that. And I could have a big game and then I have 120 and the next thing you know, I go 30, 40. And a lot of that, you know, rod has started to become, rod was the focal point of the offense. That was cool too. Right. But I found myself as I watch myself myself and I go back and look at it, it's like, yeah. Because now all of a sudden I didn't have that same, I didn't have that same ability to run through tackles.


Right. The least. Look, I mean, thing the guy, I, I would, the guys, like when I was in my prime guy hit my clip my foot, I was stumble and still go, still going and still going and go get your first down guy hit my foot. I get two yards. I'm, I ain't have the same balance. But I, but, but, but, but I, I, I do ocho you know, you know, you know. Yeah. Guys know. Yeah man, I ain't know. Yeah, you do. You know, if you on our team, you'd know. 'cause I have told you And One thing about it, when, when it come to us, we, we, we won't be honest with ourselves. No. Until we actually see it on film. And you never know until you see it on film. 'cause your mind is telling you doing it Right.


But your body ain't doing it until you watch it. Yes. You gotta see a bad o You, I remember one time I was watching myself in practice on practice tape. Yeah. And, and I'm like, I was like, damn, somebody moving real slow. Man, that thing, that camera turned around. He had on 84. Damn. That's me. Oh man. Hell no. I said, yeah, I think it's about time. Yeah. I Guess it's about time for me to head onto the head onto the house.


But like I said, you know, Hey, my second, hold on. I think it was my game. 13, no, 14, 15. Yeah. No. Game 14 because we had two games left. I was offensive player of the week. Went for three touchdowns called seven for a buckle, won three tubs against San Diego. We played Cleveland, we won that game. I think I, I, I had okay numbers. Green Bay, we didn't play because we had everything already clinched. So my last year, Ocho I had like 770 yards, eight touchdowns. Right. And you know, porters ran for six, 1600 yards.


So we were running team. Right. So it was like, I was like, I still could play, but I, I just like, man. And those were good. If you go back and look at my numbers where they ranked among the tight end, I think I was like second or third at no worst before. And guys were way, way younger than me, but it just wasn't me. Ocho. Right, right. I know what you mean. Yeah. I had to accept that like, man, I'm seeing, I know it hurt. Damn. Yeah. Just don't look right. It ain't, it ain't, it ain't what you used to. No. Hell no. And coming To Grip, coming to grips with reality and understanding your body can't do it anymore, but your mind can.


That's when of the worst feelings. The mind, the mind willing, the body just able man, you know, Hey, I mean if I, Hey, in my mind man, I'm more than enough man for a woman. Oh yeah. But the body say Shannon, you not quite good enough for too though. You gotta understand that, don't you? Hey, I think I'm more than enough for a woman. Right, right. I'm not nearly enough for two though. Yeah. So babe, it just, that's a good one. The. Volume.


What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for. Give the gift of Sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes and colors. And they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select Jlab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the Jlab Blue box at retailers everywhere or visit jlab.com today.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seats. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay. This is starting to get old. Save like tag one cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


What's good Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.