
This is an iHeart podcast, Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group vo Were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs, coach Delan McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The volume. Let's talk about this trade. The Memphis Grizzly sent Desmond Bain to the Orlando Magic for KCP, Contavious, Caldwell, Pope Cole, Anthony, 4 1, 2, 3, 4 unprotected first round picks and a pick swap. Hold on. I don't think y'all heard me p be 'cause I didn't get the reaction that I thought I was gonna get from you. 1, 2, 3, 4 unprotected first round picks and a pick swap.


Yeah, I mean, when you do something like, let, are you loaded it up? Are you going, are you gonna get rid of John? Are you gonna get rid of Triple J? I mean, what's going on? What's going on, Joe? Man, they, that's what it looked like. I'm like, man, they gave up a lot, You know, to, for Desmond Bain. Yeah, they gave up a lot from Desmond Bain, man. But I mean, I, I don't know what Memphis got going on over there. I, I don't know what they plan on doing. Maybe they will get rid of JA and jj, but I'm like, why if you do that, then what, what you banking on? What you, I mean, what's gonna be your draw? You know what I mean? If you get rid of them. Yeah. IIII look at it like this, right?


I look at it like this, right? If, if I'm gm I'm looking at it like, if I wanted to start a team, right? Obviously I'm gonna pick the guy that I wanna start the team with. I'm gonna pick a five man. But if there's anybody else that you need as like a shooter, AGL guy, a guy that can just get you points from, from nowhere. I honestly think he's an upgrade from Caldwell Pope if we being honest, You know? Yeah. If we been honest, he's done it in the regular season. He's done it on our Oh, you say he's the upgrade over kcb? Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. He's, yeah. Right, right. When, when, when And, and I, and I think Memphis all also needed a, a guard who can bring up the ball, You know, who can go get hiss own bucket.


I like that. They also needed some, some, some, some, some locker room presence. I like that from KCP. Right? I, I don't like the picks. Right. But we, it's been so up and down in the NBA Luca Dodges gets up one first round, a guy gets three first rounds. So you just don't know the, the scale of right. Of, of how they negotiate with the picks. And you see Rudy Gobert go for four first round picks. Yeah. But Harry, we just don't know. Go ahead Pat, go ahead. Yeah, we, it is just hard for us to know like what's actually been said in those conversations. So like we can look at it like, man, what the hell, what, what's wrong with y'all? How y'all giving up that much Right. To the naked eye.


But I don't know, it might have been the deals and and place before. We don't know if it's, You know, it's, it's so much with this business that you really, but I I, oh, Scottie Pippen Jr played well for Memphis last year when J was, when Jah was down. I thought he played well. P Yeah, I think, I think, I Think you keep him and you get caught. Yeah. You, I, right. I don't Think you can, I I as many play ball handlers and playmakers you can have, You know, I think that's, that's a good, that's a good look. I think Lou Kenard, Lou Ard is up contract. I think he's free agent. Right. So I mean that's, that's a open position that's, You know, is telling you they might not wanna bring Lou Kenard back. So, You know, I, I think I like it with the presence with KPA winner who's done it before. Someone that can be in Ja, I like Jerry Jackson, JJ and Ja still together, You know, so we, we just, I like eating, You know what I'm saying?


We just have to see how it goes. I mean, I'm looking at this, I'm like, what message? I don't think they got better. I don't, I don't think they got better with this trade. I don't think Memphis, they're still ninth c they, they for the play in with the, the move they made today, they're still in the play in Yeah, I don't look at them. Okay, with this move right here now they're top five, they're top five, top four seeds. I don't look at it like that. You think they're top four, top five C right now? P no, you gotta think this is the same team that that fired Taylor Jenkins. So, You know, you gotta come in thinking that sometimes maybe they don't, they don't think the right way at all.


You know, You know what I'm saying? So you gotta understand like, oh man, this is the same organization that fired a, a phenomenal coach, you feel me? They, they been in the headlines with Ja Moran and this, this, they've been in the headlines more than the hockey team. You know, the Memphis, you was down. Unfortunately I was them people. Yeah. I mean Paige Jack about thank you was on the team. Yeah. You with that too? I said, I text her and say, uncle good, you, I'm cool. I'm like, yeah, you said man, you say hey, you say, hey, let that go man. Let it go man. They, they on some bull drive them young boys. They like that. Let it go, let it go. So like, they been in the news more than, than, than than the Hollywood team. So like, You know, you, you, you always have to question any moves they make.


Hey look, you see them trading Ja in Triple J, man, I can't see that. I, I know, I know the rumors been spreading around, but man, Ja is star power. He's box office I think. I think a lot. I think they lean, I Think you should, they put more pressure on him to be elite, to be one of the top guys in this league. And JJ like you got two great pieces who work together. I don't know why you would trade that and, and, and what you would get back for it. You know what I mean? That would be Yeah. Comfortable to what, You know, they give. So I, I don't see, I don't see them trading him. I think they looking for Ja to take that next step and You know, be, be, be elite in this league.


Be one of the top elite guards, man. That's how they gonna be able to contend. I think Josh's phenomenal do it. He just can't stay. He gotta stay healthy though, Joe. I think that's why they got them mother guards. That's why you bring in Cole Anthony, you keep Scotty pimping because of his injury history. But if you gonna keep him healthy, I think, oh, he's phenomenal. Yeah. Yeah. He's pH he's phenomenal and be besides, I mean you get rid of him. Who, Hey look, there are very few big man that team that, that people ever have ever come to see. So you be you, they come to see small, they come to see guards, they come to see LeBrons and Kevin Durant.


They come to see Steph Currys and James Hard and guys like that. I mean look, triple J is phenomenal, but they people ain't gonna be lining up to see Triple J and Zach. Edie, I'm sorry. Hey P man. Yeah, no, You know this a star driven league bro. You know what I mean? He got commercials, this, that and the third. Like, he, he got a shoe. Yeah, he got his own. He the culture, he the culture looking for him to take that next step, man, You know, be a little bit more disciplined in the things that he doing off the court, You know, hold himself accountable and You know, come in and help get that franchise, You know, back to they winning ways. Yeah, because he, he the, he the chief of the white. Oh man. Oh yeah. All the white. I know why he is love him.


They love him to death. Yeah. Him and him young boy, they love, they love him too. They can't do no wrong. They can't do no wrong. He can't, he got the culture, he just got, Hey, hey, hey, hey. See, see, see what they feel like is bad for the public eye. Like, like p Bell said EYN they loving it, You know what I mean? Yep. They love it. They love it. They love to see Mac like that. But here's the thing, bro, do you understand how much money you cost yourself? That's what I'm talking, because you making big money. You, hey, you get suspended for 20 games, man. Hey p be back. Come on now. 20 games. That's probably three. That's two $3 million, 4 million. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you who mad Jerry Jackson Jr. Oh man. Because yeah. Oh yeah.


He cost himself a hundred mil. Mm. He made one of them all games. You know what they say? Huh? They talking about, they talking about, they talking about your homie cost him all that money. LeBron James. How they, they say if LeBron, if, if LeBron, if LeBron don't get that position, they say that's for sure JJ J'S fought and he get that three 50. But, but I, but I, but here's the thing. Does anybody think Triple JI play LeBron this year? No. Not, not even close. Not even. Well see that's the thing in my mind I'm thinking like, damn, they gonna gave it to LeBron for 20 years, at least give me, You know? So I feel it both ways. And, and, and the thing is, is that you can't win.


They said, okay, we want this. Okay, now you got writers that's going to decide how much money you actually make. Yeah, because ain't that why team second team, third team first to second team. All N-B-A-M-V-P, you right. Hey love it's cold game now. Me, it's a cold game for me, man. You, it used to be the players voted, but they say, man, y'all got favoritism, you got your players X, Y, and Z. So they say, You know what, let's turn it over to the writers. They turn it over to the writers, bro, you ain't gonna, somebody gonna be disappointed because the season that will average 50 and 25. He didn't win the MVP. So up until 1980 players voted for the MVP.


Yeah. They said, nah man. Man y'all be buddy buddy. Y'all be hanging out the Allstar game, y'all cool. So you vote for your buddy. Okay. They said, I'll tell you what, we gonna take it out now the rider got it. Not what you wanna do. Somebody gotta vote, somebody gotta win. NVPP be somebody, gotta be first, second team on the NBA. Somebody gotta be first and second team all defensive. So, and got a Wendy's award. So what's a way that you guys, you guys played in the league, how would you like to see that handled? I, I, I, go ahead. I like how it's, I like how it's been handled. Like I and I and I, I think that once, once you kind of understand in the older you get that basketball's a huge business and, and part of basketball being a business is, is it, it it it's partly entertaining also, right?


It's, it's entertainment. It's fans being entertained by a guy shooting threes, guys and You know, doing call basic dunks. So once I kind of found that out and I, I used to steal stuff, I'm like, Hey, okay cool, I see Tony Allen throwing up first scene. Okay, cool. Anytime I get a big stop, I'm gonna throw a first scene. Right? Right. That'll trigger people to be like, oh, you, you didn't look at 13. That gets to go on, media has to go with it. Yeah, right. So I get to playing a game now. I don't, I'm not, I haven't been at the luxury to, You know, see 350 million or get voted np, I, I haven't been in that luxury, but I know the small things I did. So ain't no telling what guys out here doing, guys probably sending wine bottles, all type of stuff. Here's the thing, people, but the before you go, Joe, is that if Memphis, if Ja take care of what now they're on television more and now people see 'em more.


Yeah. See LeBron's on call you the Lakers. They got 40, 42, 43 televised games. So you gonna see LeBron, you going see Luca, you gonna see Jason Tatum, you're gonna see a lot of these guys. But in Memphis it's contingent. So when J's there and they're playing, well Memphis, we used to see Memphis and we see Ja be a second team. We see J Triple J be on all NBA selection. But when you're out of sight, look, I only got so bad. Look, I'm, I'm following the team. A lot of these people are beat riders. Everybody's not. And they all these games, everybody ain't watching everybody play. It's not like the NBA, I mean, excuse me, the NFL all the games come on Sunday.


You got some playing, playing Wednesday. They got some team playing Tuesday, they got some team Thursday they got pro. So I can't, hey, I can't keep up with everything p be, Hey listen, I think with, with Jan Jackson Jr. P Bev for me is like, he hang his hat so much on offense nowadays. And I think he need to go back to being that mean defensive prisons. But I don't know if he can lead the league in, in blocks anymore with Wendy being in the NBA. But no, he ain't gonna win that he for that win. That that ain Ain't nobody win. Nobody, ain't nobody fitting to win the block title with Wendy there. Hey listen, no, but he got, he got ans hat on defense.


You know, his offensive game will come, You know, if he, if he let his, his defense fuel his offense versus just standing out there at the three point line, You know, shooting a lot of threes. I know he got a nice little bag, You know, with him offensively. But they need his defensive presence for them to be effective in that, in that wild, wild west. He, he, he, he said that so, so we played him, we played him in the playoffs when I was in Minnesota and, and, and he was, and the next year he wanted to kind of work on his offense and his switch was okay, if I focus all on my defense, I'm gonna end up in a, in foul trouble a lot. He led the leagues, he led the league in fouls offense year. So his thing was like, I'm gonna balance it out. I'm gonna go a little bit more offense just to, You know, I ain't gonna put all my energy on defense.


I'm gonna put a little bit more of my energy on offense to kind of balance it out. 'cause when he was all defense he was five that may have foul out every, but the prob the problem that he's gonna have is that they've made the, all the NBA team positionless. So now you might have 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 4 fours or threes or guards. So it's not like we gotta have a a five, a four, a three or two and a one. So because you look at the second team, I mean you look at all, I mean like damn. And so now you really ain't high. But Yoic was the only center. Yeah. And there was no Joe Ellen Bead. 'cause You know when Joe Ellen Bead come back healthy, he getting one of them spots but he ain't, he aint never gonna play enough games to get no spot on.


That's a wrap. Might be right. So you gotta play, you gotta play 65 put the oldest on a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why I'm saying for me it's like I feel like it's kind of, You know, it's kind of easy for 'em to crack in that. 'cause there's a lot of these top guys, they not gonna play enough games to even be qualified for any of these awards. You know what I mean? So people keep healthy. I say a a solid 22, 23 game with about 12 rebounds, You know, a couple blocks. Man that'll put you right there Thursday. Hey You know, hey, hey be a 1911 guy with three blocks with two and a half blocks. That's the best you could do because if you put 20 points, 22 points a game that takes too much away from his defense. Oh. Oh yeah.


He just gave away bangs. How much bangs average he averaged 20 something right? Yeah. Bangs average about 1920 K kcp and, and and the other guys come in Cole, Anthony, Cole, they not going, they not gonna be putting up points like that. Now they gonna have some games where they gonna be lights out. But for the most part I'm saying to be consistent, You know he has to be consistent on a night to night basis. That's basically what they gonna be looking at. Hey you gotta work. Hey gotta get tighten them handles up here Bev. You gotta be able to put that bag on the plug and get to that spot Man. You better get his that to the block left block. Right man, look at left hook a hundred right hooks, You know, put because hey look how many bigs we got in the league?


A who can, who can? There ain't really none. It ain't about four, five up when you talk, when you talk about True. I'm talking about like a Yoic and a Embi. I mean go, I mean theoretically they list Giannis as a big and LeBron and JT and all that but Evan Mobley, Jared Allen. But when you really look out talking about like big Bigs that play big, I mean Triple J right now. That's what I'm saying. And a ad. Yeah. Now ad healthy a with ad healthy. Yeah. So you got Yoic, you got Embi, you got Ad you got Giannis. So that's four, that's four fours right. The five fours and five you could take Giannis.


Giannis done made firsthand the last ad. Yeah. You go and say come off there, he gonna be on now. He definitely gonna be on there. He gonna be on now. And and and and Yoic. It's gonna be hard to, for somebody to unseen him 'cause he going to have damn there after the triple double. His team gotta win. Yeah, this team gotta win. That's it. Gotta win, have win. That's it. They gotta win. Did the ba, did the Bain trade expose, how badly the Mavericks Bosch DeLuca deal? The Mavericks, the Lakers gave up one first round pick for Luca. The Maverick gave up four first round picks and a pick swap. P be they, they got ad in return ad ain't no slouch. Huh?


Okay. He ain't no slouch. He can play like he an all star caliber guy. If he could stay healthy, like, but if you ever be they treated La des Bain, like he's an all star with four first five picks unprotected normally PA you like okay they got some protection. Okay top five protected. They like nah, nah, ain't nothing protected. We all out everything out. Right. And a big swap. That kind of reminds, that kind of reminds you of the Clipper deal during the pit bill when they gave to get Shaa. Mm yeah, I I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was there for that one. Yeah, I was there I thought and, and looking back on it, I thought for a minute like, yeah we won this tray easy.


Yeah. So you, you there, you hold on, were you there with you, were you there with when you there with Shea? He was my rookie. Where y'all keep forgetting that. Why you think he a dog? Huh? So, so did, did you, did you see, okay, obviously he was a, he was a a a a lottery pick, but did you think he could turn into this? I told him the, I told him the third day of training camp, I tapped Luke. I, me and Lou sitting down. I tap Luke, I Hey Lou, hey, he cold Lou say Yeah, he, he, he, he different. I'm like, nah, nah, nah, nah Lou, he I get up from Lou, I you don't hear what I'm gonna say. I go right to say h say how good do you think he could be?


You know he, he from the sixth. So he talk like he talk different. Then he's like, I mean I think I can be like real like, nah, that's no that heavy ass boy I'm nah you, you, you a superstar. You mean like all star? I'm like, no, no, no, no. Superstar like Mike Jordan, coach Brian you like, like he seriously so fast forward, You know, I see his mom out shopping and while, You know, while we playing Toronto. And she's like, man, thank you for, You know, telling my son that like you gave him that confidence. Like he, after you said that, he really believed it. People always forget Shay was my rookie, Shay was ma rookie. He, yeah, he, next year he went with Chris Paul and Dennis Schroer respectfully, You know, everybody gotta get they g room from somewhere else, but nah say was getting that ball in the playoffs when we was playing Steph Curry.


Hey man, get step 30. What are you doing when you passing me the ball to go get Steph 30 the killer out? Hey, hey look, but, but when you look at it, uncle p Bev, certain things happening throughout guys' career, they kind of helped take him to that next level. You know what I mean? Him getting traded from the Clippers, you never know how he was thinking. He may even thinking like, man, they ain't think I was good enough. So yeah, of course your card. So now anytime somebody get rid of you, that's what they're telling you. So, so, so now he in the lab working hard as ever, You know, probably showing proof like, all right, I'm gonna show him. I don't know if he, if he expected himself to, to reach this level, but man, it's been, it's been, it's been special to watch.


It's been special. Nah, what? Well like I see him the next year and lay up line or something. He was like, man, that trade. I was like, yeah man, what you think of he like, man, what you mean, You know, trade me for him. You know, like talking about Paul George. I'm like, yeah, like, and, and and, and to be a second, third year guy like saying that shows you how much confidence they had. But I, I think it happened, I think it happened later. I think it happened when they got rid of Dennis Schroeder and, and CP and they put the ball all in hand. Yeah, yeah. Right. Because that's when you kind of seen like that 19 point 20 point sky up. Yeah. 30 like when they once to, once they like clean house and like made him the primary ball handler, everything and build around him everything.


Yeah. Everything's changed since then. So I think that was a, that was a, that you got to again, Sam Preci, that's a, that's a, that's another one of Sam. And, and look and I think we both get why the Clippers had to do this. You getting Kauai, Kauai is basically saying, well if y'all don't do this, I'm gonna go with the Lakers. Do y'all really want me LeBron and Ad and then y'all, y'all gotta cup Pat Bell. That wouldn't have worked out well for y'all man. I know, but we only in our mind, you, you gotta think we just took the year before we just took Golden six, six games with Kevin Frank. Right. So in our mind, our mind we thinking like, man we just need one more person. We cool. Right? So they was, they were shopping. KD might come, You know, there was a thoughts that Kawhi might come. We didn't think Kauai and Paul George, You know, You know.


So for us we looking like, oh man, we got a real chance to win a championship. And that's when You know, You know things, You know the bubble happened and the three one happened and injuries happened and next thing You know, You know Shay Shay's the MVP and he's in a championship game up up three, two right now Joe, there's still a possibility that Jason Kidd could join the Knicks per Ian Bagley the door is not completely closed on the k Nicks and Jason Kidd per people familiar with the dynamic in Dallas. Other outlets reported as recently as last week. That kid was still a possibility and remains the case as of Monday. Teams were hanging up on the Knicks during their head coach search per sha shams teams would just hang up, some would say no then hang up in other situations the prophetic was involved, You know, literally ethno responses.


Hey look J Ke gonna keep the door open now what is it? Hold on. What is it? The Knicks could offer the Mavericks to what? Get Jake hit. Yeah. Y'all gonna give up O og y'all gonna give up Mikel Bridges? Y'all gonna give up Mitchell Robinson? I need something. They gonna have to give up. I don't know. I don't know what they, I don't know what they can give up, You know, I know Dallas got that, that number one pick and from my understanding they holding on to that. Yes.


You know what I mean? So I don't even know if this really a job that that that j kid really wants to be honest with you. I think he's better in the west with Anthony Davis and and Cuba flag and, and and, and Kyrie. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. You I know You know, it's gonna take probably Kyrie a little while to come back, but I Think you got enough pieces over there to keep you afloat until he get back, You know, to somewhat of a hundred percent. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I can't see, I honestly, I can't see him, I can't see him taking that next job unless they offer him something that's kind of hard to turn down. Yeah. I mean you gonna put him up there with what, You know, SPRA or, or, or Steve cur 17 million, 18 19 million a year.


Shit. But you in New York compared to, but that's what I'm saying, you a that money that you get in Texas with no state income tax, man New York cost you like 10%. That's what I'm saying. So I, I don't, I don't, I don't see him, I don't see him, You know, taking this job and like I said, unless it's something that's kind of hard for him to turn down, I think he's kind of, You know, developed a, a, a nice little thing there in Dallas and I'm sure he wants to try to get the, get the mage back to the championship winning ways. You know what I mean? Right. What he's got, they really got a chance. Before we go to any other topics, we gotta talk to Mr. 30 Burger Iso Joe dropped 30 points for the Detroit Amps 50 casually pulled down 10 boards and reminded Mr.


Look at it. Hold on. We we finna put it back up. Ooh Joe hit it with that. Damn. Ah, hey give that big body got hop get to these spots man. Hey look, don't bam, all levels unc mids posts three ball, four point ball. What? Whatever you want baby. Damn Joe. You about to be a seventh or eight man in the NBA right now. Huh? Man, I, man listen, they, y'all think I'll be talking, y'all think I'll just be talking man, I can get somebody about 15 off, 15 minutes.


15, 20 minutes off the bench. Yeah. Be just give me 15, 20 Joe. 10. I'll give you one from 10 to 15. Yeah, I be efficient. All I'm gonna make plays, I'm gonna play the right way. Yeah, but I'm gonna tell you something now, this, this once a week thing. This, this is my type of, this is my speed though. Okay. I ain't gonna lie. That's easy to, I ain't, that's the ego, the knees ain joke. Hey I ain't finna sit here and lie to you. You hear me? This once a week. Hey, hey I can do this in my sleep. Thank you Detroit Amp social media team for providing us with these cold Iso Joe highlights. Make sure y'all go follow the amps on ig at Detroit Amps and you get an opportunity to see Iso Joe.


Who y'all play this week, Joe? We got the 3 0 5, we got Beasley and Lance Stevenson and Mario. That gonna be a bar burner? It's going to be some smoke. Hey you see them boys game? You see that first? Hey man Lance, Lance getting into it with the, with Dwight I thought Dwight was going to double it. The Lance like, man they try to, they they tried to talk Dwight out his game ain't it? Because Beasley stayed talking because he, he, I think Dwight is so polarizing and You know, you look at him in statue, You know, he's so big and strong and to my understanding they say he was talking a lot of junk in, in Las Vegas at the combine, You know, talking about how he was gonna come in and You know, destroy the league and killed this, that and the third. So I guess some dudes took offense to it 'cause they sure ain't let him off the hook.


Boy. Hey that was WWE e right there, basketball Beasley. I'm like, oh my goodness. Yeah, yeah. Everything was borderline in that game. That game was so long. They was borderline but the, the, the competitive edge it was there. You know, I thought they competed at a real high level and you could tell man, they, it was just such a buzz throughout the whole arena, just the entire game. Like man, it was, it was, it was, it was a good game to watch. I just, I, I didn't, I don't really care for all the antics and You know, all the, the fighting and getting in there because the, the league ain't for that bro. Like we on, we on national TV and we, we wanted to be, You know, a great game, a great competitive game.


Not necessarily guys wrestling and throwing punches. I'm cool with the, the trash talking and all that, but when, when things get borderline and we throwing punches and we all on the floor, man, come on now. Do you think, do you think some of the antics went over over the line? Yeah. Yeah. I think, You know, I think due to, You know, I think both teams kind of lost their emotions, You know, throughout the game. Meaning every time a guy scored, you seen guys in each other face shit, they were down in their head button. You know what I mean? I'm like hey, but what it is just two teams that was competitive and just trying to impose they will on each other.


And I just felt things kind of got a little outta hand. You Think you think Lansing Dwight was serious? Yeah, I think, I think in, in, in the midst of that game in between the lines, they really had a real fuel with each other. And you can tell everything was so physical, man. Like, lemme tell y'all something Chad, y'all understand this man. The, the, the big three is probably the most physical basketball that I've been a part of or Yeah, like it's only, it's six guys out there so you only got two other teammates who can help you. And a lot of stuff is borderline. The ref let you get away with a lot. It's far more physical than the NBA or any other, You know, basketball league that I've ever played in.


So I'll definitely give it that. 'cause I'm gonna tell you, I ain't gonna lie, I felt like I got into a fight with 10 men when I woke up on Sunday. I was like, man, like it's, it's real piss. It's a lot of bump and grind bruising. Like it's tough bro. But it's funny at the same time we all, I just love competing. You ain't gonna fall for Lance antics are you? Nah, nah, I'm, I'm, I'm way too too intact for that. And then plus on top of that man, when you got a lot of game you ain't, you ain't gotta deal, you ain't gotta do all that talking. Nah, he tried to talk you out your game. Nah. Yeah. See and I think Dwight, You know what he has to understand is, You know, it, it takes a while to kind of really understand the three on three game right?


But, but just like the late great Bill Russell said, man this game is about buckets. You gotta be able to score the basketball right Period point blank. You know we going to 50, this ain't a time restraint like it ain't 10 minutes on the clock and you trying to hold the league. The hardest part of three on three, especially in the big three is when you reach 40 points and you try to close the team out to get 50 because guys start to get a little tight. It ain't them them little comfortable shots you was taking early in making, they ain't dropping no more 'cause we done got in them legs, now you a little tired, You know what I mean? And you able to get away with a little more as far as physicality. Physicality and, and and kinda wrestling a little bit. So it's a lot tough than what people think 'cause you gotta go get the 50 but you gotta win by two.


Right? You gotta win by two. Wow. So let, lemme ask you a question Joe. What's the secret of dealing with a trash talker? Because I'm sure there are a lot of guys in the NBA that talk to about off he with us self-check, You know, whatever the case they may or whatever the case may be. How do you deal with that? How do you compartmentalize what Joe has to do and while all this these guys are chirping or the benches like off shot or whatever chirping, how do you deal with that? You gotta go at their heads. You can't sit back and let them, you can't sit back and let them chirp or let them be the aggressive offensively man. You gotta take it to 'em, You know what I mean?


Just like, just like anything, you got a guy who's being aggressive man, you gotta take it to 'em bro. This this what type of game it's gonna be. Okay let's go, let's do it. Yeah. Was there a lot of trash talking in your game on Saturday? It was a lot. Yeah it was some trash talking but it was mainly just good competition. You know what I mean? It wasn't like nothing overly, but You know, you could see guys kind of get revved up after they score out they make a big play, which is pretty typical, You know what I mean? When you just keep it moving. But in the big three it's not make it take it is it? Nah, it ain't make it take it, it ain't make it take it. So, You know, You know Joe, Joe, that's the way we used to play 1 0 1 Make it take it. Yeah. Right. Yeah. You, you ain't, you don't even want him to get the ball back.


Exactly. If it was make it take it, you'd probably see a lot more lop side of games, You know what I mean? Oh absolutely. Because that's the whole thing. That's why you gotta shoot for it now. Give the ball. No we should for hey to give it to you. Right, right. Yeah. Back in the day we played especially one-on-ones. Hey it is make it take at 21. Yeah. I hope y'all, y'all probably ain't even touch the ball. Yeah, I I I love 21 'cause it was every man for himself and bad here boy you got the 19 boy, the whole squam was gonna be on you. Hey boy, you better hit a hero. You better hit one of Steph curries because you were not gonna get nothing easy. No son. Hey look, and then You know at 21 you can't really call fouls so No, you got 18, 19.


You trying to go for the winning bucket. They be fouling everything. Oh no they ain't no foul. You can't. Exactly. Joe, do you think it was like when you first got into the league, were there more trash talking when you first got into the league or when you leaving it? When I first got in, see when I first got in I'm came in in oh one. So that's kind of, You know, right after the nineties. So you still got a lot of those guys. Oh. Oh you got kg Well you got kg. Gary Peyton, Gary Peyton talked to the refs and he, the man like, like they owed him money. You hear me talking about I, some of the stuff I heard GP say to Refs, man I can't even believe he didn't get texts. Like, You know what I'm saying? It was like having conversation but I'm like wow, like anybody else, they gonna tee you up quick.


Right. So you had certain guys who just had that reputation and the refs knew it, they respected. It's almost kind of like Draymond, You know Draymond get away with a lot, You know? Oh absolutely. A lot of stuff he does is borderline, but he get a, he gets away with far more than what they catch him with. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, but back to Graymont, he's like, let me go and get it out. 'cause I know they don't wanna throw me out the game. Right. So they gonna be real heavy. They gonna gimme a long leash before they throw me out the game. So I'm, I'm gonna push it right up to the, I'm gonna push it up to the limit. Right. And, and if I'm doing it every game, you ain't calling that every game. You ain't gonna call it every game. So they get him every now and then, but for the most part, You know he get away with a lot.


Boy, y'all got a Ooh, that's gonna be a good one. It is. Hey, hey You know Beasley, You know Beasley gonna be going at you Joe. Oh yeah, but I'm gonna be going right back. Well I don't know what y'all think this is. See the thing is people say and Beasley is a hell of a player, man, it's like, but at the same time you gotta make him work defensively. You can't let him sit and just be comfortable. You know what I mean? Right. Oh yeah, it's going, it's gonna be a damn good game. I'm looking forward to it. Ooh, that thing coming Iso Joe. Y'all better tune in Iso Joe. Bes first to 50 win. It's gonna be a good one baby. The Dallas Mavericks accidentally leaped plans for the number one draft pick on their website with the first pick.


The Dallas and the 2025 NBA draft selects Cooper Flack kept secret in America. Right. They ain't leak nothing. They, we already knew what they were doing. Yeah. Who the hell y'all think, oh we thought y'all was gonna take somebody else. I just, I I I honestly, I thought they was gonna probably trade that pick and then go get kd but to my understanding, they keeping it. Yeah. Yeah. I I thought that yeah, that would, You know, you want to Giannis, I mean I was like, okay, hey, hey we got number one pick and another big, but I mean, you think about it, the Lakers, I mean the, the Milwaukee they traded Kareem, they traded Ray Allen.


So Trading Giannis wouldn't surprise you, man. You can't even, do You know what type of team that would be when you, you don't even Jannis you ain't, if the, if the Mavericks guy Giannis you, I mean without Kyrie you would still be, I Think you would still be top of the Western conference. At least top five were Giannis. And so, and so you say if Giannis went to the, if Giannis went to the Mavericks and they had to give up Kyrie, so Giannis ain't ad? Nah, I'm saying if you traded that Cooper flag.


Cooper flag, okay. And you had Giannis and ad leading the charge until Kyrie got man. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I'm talking about the next year, the next year or two you, you could potentially win a to win a title. LeVar Ball continues to push the LA Clippers to quit playing and trade for LaMelo the Clippers. Bring those GD boy Ball boys home, let's go get a championship and quit messing around all you fans who won a championship back in LA? Yes. A whole new arena with the ball boys who ain't gonna go up there and watch that show? Who you giving up to go get Lalo? Man, I don't know if they, they're not trading James Harden for him.


They're not trading Kawhi and they're not trading Zbox. So you got Norman Powell, you got done. I mean I, I'm trying to, what? What else? Nah man, the Hornets ain't doing that. Not no, of course not Alex. Not for they young talented guy. And I, I think the thing is maybe look, it's been proven Lalo and Lonzo can play. I don't think Jello LeVar will have to get that one up that that dog ain't gonna hunt. Oh, he's still trying to get Jello in the league. Yep. Yeah, that's it. Jello, jello got a whole new career now. He ain't studying that. Yeah. Basketball. He, that man trying to come up with a high, another high single right now. Yeah. Swerving on him. Whoa. Whoa.


That's a wrap. That's a wrap. Hey look, he done found his niche. Yeah, his niche. Yeah. I mean, I mean to have two sons, I mean, hey, I mean I I guess it'd be great. I mean 'cause with the holiday, I think it's three holiday boys, right? Yeah. Yeah. And he, they got them in there but You know, Hey, but look, I can, I can understand him wanting, You know, Lalo in la obviously that's his hometown in that new arena. He'll be box office in there. But if you the Hornets you you can't do that. Yeah, he box off it, but he's another one man. He gotta do something with them ankles, man. Yeah. His ankles might be worse than Steph Curry's. And you remember how Steph had ankle problems early in his career?


Yeah, yeah. To try to keep him healthy. Man, they gotta try to find a way. They might, he might need, Hey call Steph and see what type of braces Steph be wearing, man. 'cause mellow man, every year it is every year there's an injury going on. Just gotta get him on that. Gotta get him on that mean fitness plan or get well the thing, well his dad, his dad's a working with a workout warrior. His dad played football that, I mean his dad Jello got a body like his dad. And you look at Lonzo and Meow, they got the fan frame. They don't have that, that size and that Oo like your dad had. Yeah, I, but they can, but I think La Melo can get like that wire strength. I don't think he needs to get bigger. He just needs to get stronger, You know what I mean? Right. Like, like we talked about the other night, you have to, you have to enjoy lifting, you have to lift weights to be able to make it through an entire NBA season.


You play too many games on a night to night basis and it wears your body down. And if you're not fueling your body, meaning lifting weights to keep your body strong, you are ultimately gonna deal with these little knickknack injuries. That's just, that's just what it is. Alright guys, I got good news and I got bad news. Good news in, I don't know bad news guys. This is OCHO and i's last show for three weeks. Oh hell no. We gonna take a little vacation. We hadn't taken a vacation. I hadn't taken a vacation in a while and I, I need some time, trust me.


And so I will take, I would, I will take mine. I'm gonna spend my time wisely. I'm gonna go, I got a new granddaughter so I need to go spend some time with her and my grandson. See the kids just get some time away because we got a busy fall season coming up Ocho, but, but we got something special for you so we're not just gonna go dark starting next. So starting tomorrow, right? Is it tomorrow? Starting tomorrow? TJ hu Ada and to Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Will be, will run Nightcap for the next four days.


Oh man, that's gonna be dope. Oh hell nah. I'm, I'm, Hey I'm starting Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. TJ hu Mazada and T will take over club shake. Oh man, that's gonna be dope. Let's Nightcap. My bad. I need vacation. But check this out. We got, so we got something coming even better than week. What you week the following week? Iso Joe? Hello? And friends takeover? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I got a few people gonna stop by, You know what I mean? I'm gonna hold it down while y'all going. Don't worry about it. A just leave everything to me. Everything gonna be in good hands. Y'all ain't gonna, we gonna have no problems. You hear me? Yeah, I'm gonna send you, I'm gonna send you that a hundred dollars too.


Alright Ocho and I'll be back on July 13th. So Ocho, enjoy your time off man and enjoy time with the family, the kids. Yeah, I'm going home. I'm gonna enjoy time with my family and kids and get back and look forward to getting back once we start ocho You know, hey, we get back, it's gonna be the pre, You know, it's training camp and then preseason and then once the season start, You know, we don't get another break until next June. So enjoy Guys, thank you so much, man, for being so supportive. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite of Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, Liberty City Zone, bingo, ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and the third member of our team, university of Arkansas, alum Arkansas, little, little Rock, Arkansas native, that's Iso. Joe. Joe, thank you so much man. We really, really appreciate. Man, this has been a blast these last two months of having you on here, man, it's been great cornbread. Thank you man. We really, really appreciate you stopping by and breaking down the playoffs with us. We look forward to getting you on again soon. Guys, make sure you hit that Nightcap. Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys, thank you, thank you. Thank you for supporting Nightcap because we can't do anything without you.


It's because of you, your eyes, word of mouth, and your ears that we've been able to grow as well as we have all these awards that OCHO and I have been able to win. And now that Joe has joining, be joining the team, hopefully we win even more awards because of you. Your support, your continued support is greatly needed and we cannot thank you enough.


Please make sure you check out Shay by La Portier. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it line. We'll be coming to a city or state near you, trust me. But in the meantime, you can order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door, the best tasting and premium cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it for yourself. I promise you, you will not be disappointed.


Please go check out my media company page on all of its platforms, sheshe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. We have a new a first time NBA champion thanks to a 1 0 3 91 victory over the Indiana Pacers, the OKC Thunders four games. Indiana three wins the NBA championship. Shea is the MVP. He was the MVP of the regular season. He was the Western Conference. MVP. He was finals MVP and You know, you can't do much better than that.


So congratulations to the OKC Thunder and their fans shaa. Congratulations guys. Thank you so much OCHO and I will see you in three weeks. TJ to holding down, Joe. Holding down. No, I got you baby. The volume.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family. An incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging, written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs, coach Deon McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to Tears by Runs in the family wherever books are sold.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.