
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The Volume you Speaking of Steph Curry. Steph Curry will miss at least one week after being di diagnosed with a grade one left hamstring curry went, underwent an MIR today and he'll say he'll be reevaluated in one week. The warrior said this is the first muscle strain injury of his career. Curry said, I Think you literally just take it game at a time and we can't. I know there's a three day break between games five and six. Yeah. And everyone's saying maybe those three days, perhaps Steph returns, then we can't afford to think about that.


I mean, Steph will be back when he is back. We just focus on tomorrow's game and then we go from there. That's the thing, man. When you get, as you get older, until I never had a ham, a, a, a hamstring injury until, man, my first year I was going to Baltimore. Yeah. Got a little heavy in the off season. Got got me a little money joke. Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying? I beat, I'm in Houstons, I beat that cheese toast back then. They had the, you remember they had the chicken tender with that honey mustard joke? Yeah. So, You know you born I got a little money ocho I that bag every day. Yeah. I get that spin dip. Hey, lemme get that spinach dip. That cheese toast. Yeah. Let me get that. I get that Biltmore. I get Joe. Remember that Biltmore, that chicken said with the cheese on it?


Oh. Or I get them chicken tender with that honey mustard. So You know Joe. Oh John. Don't kind of let myself go a little bit. Yeah, yeah. Oh. So You know my playing weight, my playing weigh 2 28. Right. I stepped on the scale. I looked down of 2 66. Lord damn. Oh yeah. Yeah. You see on That's what I said too. You were two what? 2 66? Jesus Christ. Hey look. Hey, hey. You were fluffy boy. Hey, hey. You was a little bell pepper. I know. 'cause I, I got to 2 62 1 time I was playing this when I first got to Utah. You know, it's a little culture shock for me coming from Miami and Right. I was coming off the bench and I wasn't playing that much, but I was playing and I, my, I just let it go, bro.


I look, I got on the scale. That thing said 2 62. I went into immediate starvation. I said, hold on. I gotta get this way up off me. I can't, man. You can't play like that. Oh, Joe. But you don't say, oh, I'm talking about strong with the house. Ocho ocho. I take ocho, I take that, Hey Ocho, I take that four five, I hit that thing like six, seven times. Huh? Huh? I'm taking them 160, 170 pound dumbbell. I playing with him. Ocho? Yeah. Yeah. OI playing with him. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I messing around out there trying to run, try to do the, ah, that thing grab. Oh yeah, that thing. Grab Oh joke. Yeah. Hey look, I strained mine. I strained mine playing flag football.


I strained mine playing flag football. Look, 2005. I can't make this up. I had just signed with the, I had just signed with the Hawks. So this is my first year here. So that summer before I even played my first game, You know back, I'm back home in Little Rock. And me and a few of the guys we done got together. We playing flag football every Sunday. Man. It's one particular Sunday. I'm feeling good. I'm thinking I'm out there trying to mouse casting. Sh I let somebody shot me, man. I took off running and I fell. I hit the dirt so fast. Hey, hey listen, it was three weeks before camp was about to start, man. I came in the camp hurting, limping and everything. My first shit hit. Yeah. It was tough. I so, yeah, when you have a hamstring strain, that's why I know about him.


Yeah. But see back, remember I told you, but I kind of tweeted. So it was, I I was good to go by the time I got, by the time I got to, to be more. Yeah. So Ocho we had that, that that conditioning test that's on the treadmill. Right. So every minute they bump it up, bump it up or not. So eventually you gonna probably get up to about 15 miles an hour. We gotta go for a minute. So we done go every minute. So you go start up with six and you go a minute. Then you go 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. Man a man. I got a o you I got seven. I because I started at six. I got seven. You started like, Like grabbing. Oh no. Oh yeah. Yeah. I hopped up off that thing.


I said, oh nah, nah, Friday I, I am done with this. He said, you gonna have to go talk to Brian. I said, I went upstairs. Brian Billy with the, I said, Brian, nah, I like, bro, I'm done with that. I said, man, that thing hurt my hands. Listen, listen. The Funny, he just, Hey. He said, long as you ready, long as you ready for the season. Right. We good to go? Yeah. What on, yo, that was, hold on. I was, my f that camp was like in May. I was 2 66. I came back for training camp in July. I was 2 32. You got it all down, huh? Yeah. To straightened up, but fly. Right. Hey, I like a Trump tax return.


I was straight. Yeah. Hey, the, the funny thing also about, about Steph, about Steph injury, Chad, for those that, that you are listening is the fact that it's grade one and he was able to catch it and not strain it that much. For, for me, I had a little, a little, just a little tweak, You know, pull, pull in practice. And I caught it real, real quick after that. I, I, I still ain't miss no game. All I did was dry kneeling. Right. You know the dry kneeling? Yeah. Yeah. I did the cupping and they had some type of laser. I, I can't remember what the laser was. Yeah. That day. I know that red, that red dot. Yeah. Yeah. I, I chilled, I I did it on Wednesday's practice. I chilled Thursday, I chilled Friday, I did Saturday walkthrough.


And then the game Sunday, I just wrapped it up. Obviously I did, I did a treatment each day. I just wrapped it up Sunday. It was out there, it was out there able to go full speed. And I'm sure the same thing will probably happen with Steph. That's why I said he'd be here miss one week and the following game, he'll probably play them Hams. Shanes I tweaked my groin too on the, on the diving board. Hey, wait, how In training? In training Camp Ocho. Oh. Playing around. But You know, we go get the, You know, we get the pool. We at UNC, university of Northern Colorado. Yeah. So that's where our training camp was. That's why training camp was, was in Greeley. And so, man, You know, oh, ojo, I'm that thing hit that thing like Lou g You know Ojo Ojo hit that thing.


Yeah. Hit that on the joint. I'm doing everything ojo. I'm like man, from Atlantis, I'm doing everything. I'm doing all that stuff. O Joe. Yeah. I'm doing a jackknife. I'm twisted that last one. I was like, Gator and dude, and a, a a, a jungle fever. Remember I gator can that thing mama. This last dance for you Joe. One last time Joe and I came with that thing and hit that thing. Boom.


Hey, I had a nigga, I'm a good lie man. A way, man. I think I too, I think I tweaked my groin. Yeah. Yesterday at practice. Hey, hey Ojo. I was killing that diving boy. Man. I'm talking about the high D I'm talking about I'm the 10, the 10 meter way up there. Yeah. Hey, them the worst. That down groin, huh? Yeah. Hamstring. Shh. Hey, anything soft tissue joke. Well, you sit down. Anything, anything soft tissue. Yeah. You gotta sit down. You gotta sit down. I don't care what you talking about doing. You gotta sit on them. Injuries. Ain't nothing to play with. I mean, I, I broke my co man. I broke my collarbone. Man. You talking about the worst injury to have.


'cause you can't let, you can't get comfortable. Yeah. Because if, if you sleep on, you definitely ain't sleeping on, on the side that you broke. Right? Absolutely not. Man. I try to sleep on this side and that pressure, I was like, oh Lord. I try to lay flat on my back. Oh Lord. Man, I'm sitting, I'm sitting there like this here. Man, that thing hurt me so bad. Oh man. Man, listen. When I was in Phoenix my last year in Phoenix, playing with Nash and I broke my orbital bone, I did that too. Joe broke my over the bone in the playoffs, went up for a dunk and Shaq house tried to block it, but he kind of botted me a little bit. So when I grabbed the rim, I tried to hang on it and I slipped off and came down, hit my face first on the floor.


Look, my, ah, this bone right here. It was, it yeah. Sticking out my skin, but it was sticking like this. Like I could touch it. I could tell it was something, You know what I mean? Ah, yeah. Look. Okay, Ocho look, they telling me I'm, I'm disoriented and everything. They like, man, you gotta shoot the two free throws. If you, if you don't shoot the two free throws, then you can't come back in the game. I'm damn the free throws that man. Listen, do you see my eye, bro? Like, I can't, like something coming outta here. Right. Listen, long story short, I still shot at two free throws. I'm, I, I made one, miss one. Then I went to the back and I remember when I got in the back, they asking me all these questions. Like my birthday, where I'm from. I couldn't tell 'em people nothing. I couldn't tell. I went to surgery. The next, next morning I did the same thing.


Hey, you go, I was playing, I was playing, I was blocking down on a combo block in 16 power. I'll never forget. And Mark, he was pulling and You know, as a tight end ocho I was a wide receiver at first. Right. But I kept my wide receiver face mask at tight end. Yeah. Man, he pulling around there, hands, fist go right through my face, man. Hit me dead in my eye. Damn. Wow. Mm. So I go to the doctor, the doctor knew who I was. He said, son, I'm gonna explain it to you like this. It was like, you have a complete blowout. Mm. He says it's, it is like you got into a bar fight and somebody kicked you directly in the eye with, with a boot. Damn. He said your, your wall because your eye, your eye.


This is your eye right here. It sits on the floor. The floor. So it's a bone. Yeah. Yeah. This was gone. Damn. My eye had dropped like, like three, like 3.5 millimeters. Man. Yeah. My eye. So babe, my eye was Oh, your, my eye was sitting down. Sit down. Yeah. Yeah. Hey look, I got 18 screws and three plates in my face. Still to this day. From there? Yeah. Real. I got, I got a mesh. I can't blow my, I can't blow my nose 'cause if I blow my an infection, I done had to have my plate, the whole plate taken out and put a new one in. Yeah. It got infected and I couldn't, I couldn't get that infection outta there. 'cause it had the mesh, it done got in that, that mesh. Yeah. Yeah. Hey look, hey, hey. And when, when it get cold, I catch them little headaches right there on there.


IBB look. Yeah man. On your back. I be clo a have that far Whitaker going on. So I feel for Stephanie the thank you Joe. Man. Like, as you get older it just gets hard. I mean, like when you young, you get an injury, man, you can bounce back like that. Tell as you get older, man, the things take longer and longer to come back from. Yeah. Man, listen, lemme tell y'all something. I was just playing in a lifetime league here in Atlanta. You know, I I I, I still enjoy playing. So I played a couple games and after the second game, man, listen, my ankle swo up 'cause I playing 40 minutes.


I'm playing the whole game. So my ankle swo up. I'm like, all right. I take a couple days off, man, it took me a whole month for my ankle to go down from a, Hey look. I ain't tweak it. I ain't do nothing. I just regular playing. I, I, I probably overdid it as far as playing, You know, playing back to back game. 40 plus minutes. Man, it took a whole month for me to get this thing together over here. Yeah. So it is, it's a lot tough as you age. Same. What happened to me, ocho I was coaching in the celebrity NBA All Star game. Yeah. Two years ago in Indy. You know, just standing up, walking, You know. I'm just standing up walking. I'm like a, thinking I'm a real coach. You know, I'm walking up and I'm stalking at the instructions and I'm walking down the bed.


Yeah. Man, my knee hurt so fast. They asked me did I wanna do it again. I said no thank you. Absolutely, absolutely not. Man. George Jordan say boss you okay. He say, you li I say hell no I ain't okay man. My knee bad. Oh. Ocho, I don't lie. I, I walk, I be parking as close as I possibly can. It used to when I was younger, I park well away 'cause I walk, get some exercise. If I could park in the grocery store, I would, Hey, hey, pretty soon I'm gonna have me one of them motorized cart.


Don't look at me, don't judge. We talk, but we don't judge here. Okay. Just so we know. So we, we gonna keep you moving. Don't worry about that. Oh no. We gonna keep you moving. We gonna keep you more man, that knee. Hey, it used to be them hip. Oh man. I used to, Hey, Joe, before I got new hip surgeries, I knew my hips were bad. Oh. This is how I used feel. Have to get in the car. I used to get in the car like this. I sit down and then put my legs in. You know, everybody else get in. Oh. And just sit down. Oh no, I, hey, I sit down there like you okay. I ain't okay. My hip killing me. Oh. It it woo. I pray. You don't have to get those things done. But hey, my homeboy bucket just had his second knee replaced.


Mm. Man. And they knees are worse than hips. I told y'all, man, y'all gotta come see me, bro. I'm gonna keep you all right. Now. I'm gonna, you, you keep, I'm coming. My sister got, both of my sister ain't play no sport. My sister just got her both the hers replaced. Damn. My brother got his hip replaced. I got both of mine replaced. My brother about to get his knee replaced. Damn. Yeah. I told my mom, I said, You know what, you and daddy, y'all, hey, y y'all built some athletes, but y'all made a paper ache. You couldn't find somebody with a better, with better bone density. Y'all, y'all, y'all got us effed up. Oh man.


Oh man. But yeah, I, I, I, I think the thing is, look, they bought a little time by winning this first game. Now if you go steal the second game, you're like, Hey Steph, we'll see you game five. We see you game six, something like that. Oh yeah. You getting plenty of rest. If you Golden State win game two, you ain't forcing 'em to come back no time soon. You know, take your time. Right. But I don't see that happening. They ain't, they ain't, they ain't getting outta Minnesota tomorrow with, without, they ain't get out Minnesota. They be Bailey baby. Chris Fi said his team submitted clips to the league office that showed what he believes an egregious contact made against Rudy Gobert. None of which was called by the officials on defensive rebounding.


They do a lot of filing, shoving, pushing, holding, tackling. Rudy, that's clear. We sent a bunch of those clips to the league. In fact, I'm not sure, I know another player in the league with Rudy's pedigree that is allowed to be physically beaten on the way he is. And so we've got to address it one way or another. Minnesota got dominated on the glass. 51 41 with Grow Bear grabbing 11 rebounds, a steep drop off from the 21 boards he had in Game five against the Lakers. Yeah. They do that to LeBron. They've been beating LeBron. They beat hell outta Shaq. Yeah. I mean, listen, it's, it's a playoffs. Rudy Gobert is Barry Paul. He's, he's absolutely much bigger than everybody else. So the fouls are gonna be a little, You know, a little egregious at times.


They got to play him a little aggressive at times. They, they didn't, you have to do that. What, what is the co what is Coach Fussing about? They did not expect that man to come out there and get no 23, 24 rebounds. That was anomaly. That's a, that's everything was a playoff high for him. Yeah, that's what I'm, yeah, he not going, he not going duplicate that back to back like that. You know, he might have a game in this series to where he probably could get you 20 boys, but to be able to come out night in and night out and do that, that's a lot. Man, bro. Ruby. Well hell, if he could, he'd be, he'd be MVP. Hell, Will's the only man that I know that can average 24 rebounds in a season.


Yeah. Boy, you got, he averaged 27 1 year. I mean, will had a 50 25 and they said it was a, a fluke. So he came back next year and had 44 and 27. Man, them numbers don't even be sound real. And we be talking about will the man average 24? All I know is the man average 24 rebounds For a career with a footage at where the footage at. I wanna see, I wanna see, bro, they had tape, bro. They had tape delayed in the eighties. You think they got a whole lot of footage of games in the sixties? Man, Man, they gotta have something that we could see, man. They gotta have, listen, I, I wasn't, I wasn't watching Ball. I wasn't even around then when, when Will was playing. But the numbers that man was putting up don't even foul. Real, you can't do that in a video game.


Quadruple doubles. Because think about it. Think, but You know, he had to have quadruple doubles because the blocked shot didn't come an official stat until the eighties. Yeah. So think About all the shots that they blocked. He's seven one and some of these guys, 6, 4, 6 5. So, You know, will have some games. He had 20 blocks, 20 blocks. A assists. A assists wasn't a stat blo a steals wasn't a stat. Right. Think about that. Yeah, that's correct. And like I said, you just might as well just do away the man got 150, 50 point games. You might as well just some of his stats just say like, You know what, we just gonna start over.


Give to give everybody a fair chance a Joe to have to give something. You're not gonna break those records. You're not gonna do it. Nah, bro. He, he gonna forever hold onto 'em. Just like LeBron and these records that he done accumulated over the years. Ain't nobody breaking nothing. Records, man. Nah, no.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


It's on the biggest Maytag sale of the year at Lowe's. Buy two select laundry appliances and get up to a $100 bonus via instant rebate. Shop all things Maytag, including the new stackable pet pro laundry system that removes pet hair from clothes Lowe's. We help you save offer valid through 5 31. See store for pricing and offer details, advertise savings on all major Maytag appliances through maytag.com and participating retailers. Prices may vary. Additional terms and conditions apply.


Last night, Jimmy Butler was asked about the jersey he got from fans and side target center. Remember Jimmy played with Minnesota 20 17, 20 17 through 2018. He said the noise doesn't bother me, but he said there's a limit to what fans can say to to the players. That doesn't bother me, but people do have to watch their mouth. It's cool to board all that stuff, but calling people outta their names and all stuff where I can hear, which I can hear the boos. I get it. I understand. Let's just keep it at that Joe. Do sometimes the player, do the fans get, You know, slick with it? Yeah man, they go overboard with the boos. Oh man. They the booing. You get the booing. But I'm talking about they talk, talking about the mama and saying all that other stuff. Yeah. Yeah. You, yeah. I think as athletes we can all take the booing, even if you talking about us to some degree, but when you bring in your family members and you just, you go below the belt, bro.


It just, it's only, it is only, it's only so much you can turn a blind eye to and act like you don't Yeah. See it. You know what I mean? Until you fed up and now you have to react in a way that, You know, you, you hope that you don't have to, but sometimes man, you, you, you gotta check the situation. Yeah, yeah. All that, all that your mama be and all that stuff. We ain't, we not finna do that. Yeah. Can, can y'all hear that in football? Do y'all can hear all that In football, we, they not that close. Right. We, they, they're not that close where we could like, we hear it. Right. Yeah. I, I like Joe, I like to antagonize the fans, especially when they talking trash. But I, I just talk trash back.


But it had never gotten to the point. I think there's still a level of respect that they have even though they talking, talking shit to me. Yeah. And family has never been, ever been mentioned. It's always, You know, it's always me and just, just going back and forth. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Look, you gonna boo. Yeah, I'm not that good. I get it. Right. The mere fact that you talking to me let me know that I'm good. Right. Because if I wasn't good, you wouldn't even be talking to me. Right. Right, right. So we can So, so I, so so we've established, we have established that you a liar because if I wasn't that good, why are you talking to me? Period. Period. You ain't talking to anybody else. You talking to me. Right, right. I get that. But yeah, I, I do think sometimes the fans can, can, can, fans can go overboard and, and call people out of their names and all that stuff.


And it, everybody look pe somehow pe we, we've lost the fact that like, money makes you not human. Yeah. Man, if somebody paid me $30 million, somebody paid me this, they can say whatever. No they can't. Right. Everybody got a breaking point. Yeah. Yep. Every everybody has a breaking point in which they say, okay bro, that's enough because you're still human at the end of the day, you human. Yeah. At the end of the day. Yeah. Money don't make you now it it give you, it give you ability. You know, you could throw money at problems. Right. Yeah. It helps you solve some things. You get better medical attention and certain things like that. Don't your but you still human. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, it is, listen, I mean, I mean everybody's different.


The more, the more money, the more money. I'm just saying I, I would make depending on the situation, but the less I could hear, the more, the more money I make, the less I can hear. I ain't care. I can't even hear you from dying there. You Huh? Because I, which is the, you said, You know, they like If hey, hey unc, if I was like Joe and somebody asked me where my dog at and I said he on The property. Alright. You gotta chill. You gotta chill. He got, hold on. Hey, you gotta chill. Hey, his dog not in the yard. His dog on the property. Hey, you gotta chill bro. Hey, I, I'm just saying, you gotta chill. I'm just, you heard chill. I'm just, I'm just gonna come over there. I just wanna go, You know, we can walk to ch we can walk to Chastain Park and hear Earth, wind, and Fire Ohio.


Fuck man. Man, that's two mad from about house. Come on man. I know it is. I thought exactly where you stay, Joe. Yeah, yeah. Come on. We can take, we can take the coolers. Hey, take the food, get gone right on up in there. Because they look, they pro, they probably perform over here just about every, every summer almost. They do. Yeah. I've seen, I've seen 'em twice. I've seen Hall in those about about four or five times in d Ire Seal. Oh man. It'd be live over here. It do. I mean I, I, I'm a, I'm a but I like to concert. I can just sit down. I'd be chilling. You know, some of the people be having wine. I ain't, You know, I'm like, hey, let me have my, You know, my ginger ale, You know, sandwiches, You know. Hey, I, I'm good. You don't bring no, you don't bring no alcohol with you.


You don't have no alcohol in your, in your cooler or nothing. Nah, nah. You know the people that I come with, they normally, they like wine. Yeah. But You know, I I, I'll bring that shade for you. I mean, we get on, we get on that shade and I got some, I got some friends, You know, they probably gonna come on hang out a little bit all day, You know. Okay. We, we, we good then. Hey, hey look, by the way, while we gotta look at the Chastain series, I gotta look at the Chastain series and see who coming. Who coming. Yeah. We gotta check that out. But while we talking about La Porter and the cigars. Yes, I do have a company. I have friends. They like to smoke cigars. Ocho they like to drink. They ya, they, they been no more. Then I get that to you. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. I'm get that to you. Yeah, I got you. I see, I see y'all talking about doing something and ain't now one of y'all invited me yet.


Y'all just, y'all going on and on and on. I'm just sitting here listening. I'm just waiting on somebody to be like, You know you ocho you want come, Y'all okay. God damn Joe. O Joe, you wanna come? No, I don't even, I don't even wanna listen. I had to say something. I don't even wanna go No more. Come on cheer. You don't let us get finished man. We got plenty of room for you Partner. Don't even worry about that. Okay. Yeah, I just wanna see, I just wanna see what the property look like. Oh. Oh man. Here, this man going. Hey, hey, hey Joe. We going, we going ahead Get a table. We go ahead and get a table Ocho. Yeah, we got you don't even split it. Joe. What do you think, what do you think the worst fans are? What's the wor what's the, the fans that get on you the most? The fans man, them Mo in Philly, bro. Oh.


My Godly got played. Them fans in Philly don't play bro. They be right behind you bench and they be, they be personal uncle. It don't be just no you trash you can, Hey bro, they doing they homework in Philly. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. You talking about everybody, your relatives, your grandma and all that. They, Hey, hey. By by name huh? Yeah. You know everybody By name. You have a whole sign holding it up with everything on. You gonna be able to read it. That one Tell Yeah, Oakland, Oakland, Oakland, Oakland had the worst fans. Oh yeah. That black, the black hole, Huh? Yeah, man. Oh hey. It was like, didn't let Sand quit. Not for a day. So you looking, y'all going to the Raiders game. Y'all going to the Raiders game?


They're both, Hey, I get, I skinny here Ojo. What's the worst fans for you? Ooh, probably, probably that black hole, but You know. Yeah, probably the black hole boy. I mean, I, the, the Browns it, it was, it was a respect. It was, it was, it was still Respect. They'd be throwing batteries at pennies. They'd be doing too much not to win no games. Yeah. Yeah. Bad. Yeah, they throwing, they throwing all type of stuff. Y'all need to keep the battery in charge. Your sorry ass team up.


Damn. Who you talking about? The Raiders? No, the Browns. They the one that be throwing the batteries then the pennies and hitting you upside your head. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't never had that issue. Yeah. Remember when I jumped in the dog pound? Yeah. They, they s shoved your ass. Right. Poor Bill. You shove your ass right back up outta of there. Hey, hey, they, hey Joe. I jumped in the dog pound. I, I'll never forget in pregame, pre pregame warmup and was this Dog Pound, they have an individual who was somewhat the lead in, in that area. His name was Big Dog. Big big dog. I asked Big Dog permission, Hey, if I happen to score on this end of the end zone, can I please jump to you? You know, and with in no with no disrespect, he was like, yeah, yeah, go ahead and do it, man.


I happened to score on that end and I jumped right in his arms and everybody around him, they, they must not have known what I was doing, man. They took all they beer and they poured it all on me, man. I smelled like beer to hold the rest of the game, man. I'll never forget that. Oh Joe, the Cowboys made a big splash. Jerry Jones said had some brew. He Traded for George Pickens. They will send a 2026 third round pick and a 2027 fifth round pick to the Steelers for Pickens and a 20, 27 6 round pick. Yeah. The Cowboys had been searching for a legit wide receiver alongside cd. But it's Pickens the answer for Dallas.


Got you. Got you got damn Right's answer Jaydon Blue CD Lamb, George Pickett and Jake Ferguson along with Dak Prescott at the quarterback Ocho Did the Steelers get enough for Pickens? Yeah, I think, I think they have. I'm not worried about what the Steelers got. I ain't really thinking about them. The fact that you let one of the better players in the NFL go despite the issues and the problems that he's had, forget that you just made Dallas better. You just made Dallas better. A lot of people in the chat, they might not understand how good George Pickett actually is. He needs this. He needed to change the scenery. Not only did he get a change of scenery, he went to America's team. This is perfect for that.


This is very, very good for Dak because not only is CD Lamber number one, you got your another number one in there too. You got your another number one that can hit his head off the goal post from anywhere. Slants, hitches, deep balls, whatever it may be. Dak Prescott has to be thanking the football guards for this addition to his offense. It makes him better. Especially AFCs the Eagles. They got Devonte Smith, they got AJ Brown, the Commanders, they got Devo Samer, they got Terry McLaurin. The Giants, well the Giants only have Malik neighbors. I'm not sure that the quarterback situation is still questionable. They have James, they have Russell Wilson. But the Dallas Cowboys should make some noise this year. Despite their defensive roles that have been issues for them, especially stopping the run though, they should score 35 40 a game.


They should score 35 for a game. It shouldn't be no issues. I don't care nothing about your run a game to me. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying it's equivalent to getting Sequan Barkley. I'm just saying the addition of George Pickens will make them offensively that much better. Especially if whoever the offensive coordinator is, I can't remember his name. If they use Brian Heimer. Oh, shot Schottenheimer There. Yeah, he's the head coach. So he's the coordinator. Hey man, they gonna be straight man. They gonna be straight now. Don't be surprised. Now I'm gonna say it here first. And there's no disrespect to my Eagles. The Eagles, You know, I love you all my Eagles fans. You know, I I love you. No disrespect to Commanders either. I love y'all, but don't be shocked if the goddamn cowboys win NF East.


Yeah, I'll be shocked. Simply because of that one edition. I'm telling you, I'm gonna be Shocked. I I'm I'm telling you, it makes a quarterback job easy when You had that Kind of talent around you. I've been telling OCHO this since we had Nightcap. Yeah. I said it's called production and tolerance. Yeah. And as long as production is here, tolerance will be here. Mm. Tolerance will never supersede production. Right. I told Ocho then, man. Yeah, I said Ocho, I'm telling you. I said they team will tolerate you until they can replace you. Yeah. Hey, remember we had that talk, right? Remember I told you I talked with Pick. Yeah. Remember after I told you, I told you I talked to him. Have you noticed he, you haven't had any issues from Pickens after that point that I think it was Kansas City game Christmas.


Yeah. Kansas City game. What happened? Remember he didn't run, they read they red cover two and the safety was Splint and he didn't the tight end. That's why he picked up the tight end. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but, but again, but again, he needed to change his scenery young. I agree. This is, this is a good thing for him. He's an immense talent on he, his name needs to be the, in the conversation of the top 10 receivers when it comes to not only production 'cause he has the talent to do it all Heimer has to do is use him the right way to his strengths. He's gonna be tremendous for the Cowboys. Hey, look, look, I'm just trying to figure out what it is that going on in Pittsburgh that all these receivers keep getting up outta there.


I don't know, but Uncle ocha, I got a confession. What that man, I've been a long time cowboy fan, man. You know j Jones, you from Arkansas? Yeah. I know. You ain't got no choice. J Jones alumni. Listen, yeah, I, I'm happy for us as Cowboys fans, and I'm looking forward to us having a pretty solid season, man. That's all I'm saying. I I know I had to get to know y'all before I told y'all that because I know how y'all be. I figured, but You know what I figured as much being from Arkansas and how Arkansas is, is close to Dallas. I I I didn't think it I, me, I wasn't gonna say anything. I was like, Joe, probably. Yeah, Because everybody, because a lot of people that I know from Arkansas, they do root for the cops.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They root they they root for the Cowboys. So I'm not surprised by this, but I agree with you Ocho I do think this this significant helps their offense. Now the question is, are they gonna, who they gonna have, who the hell they gonna have block it for for that? So the old line, old line, they got a little makeshift old line right now, huh? Yeah, they do. Yeah. I think they, they they gonna be all right though. They gonna be all right. And You know what can the Eagles do? Ojo. Ooh. They can run the ball boy and they can throw it and they can block. They Go get, they go get your quarter Back. They got their best. They got their best. Oh yeah. Oh my goodness. I forgot. Off they Go get your quarter, they can go get your Quarterback. I got by the damn D line. Yeah. And listen, this is an important, this is an important year for pick too, huh?


Yeah. This is, this is An important in The contract. Yeah, Man, there you go. Right there. He needs to get the, I I know he see Jamar Chase, he see Justice Jefferson, he CT Higgins and everybody else getting paid. He deserves to be paid in that upper echelon of one of the top receivers in the league. And this is his year. This is this, this is his year. You, you, you, you, no problems, no issue, no attitudes, no no plan around. This is the money year for you go out and handle your business. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to be at that $30 million receiver range we gonna throw on the ball. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, oh, he gonna get it now? Yes, sir.


Who, who you think run the trade? Ocho The Cowboys won the trade. The goddamn Steelers ain't got no, ain't even filling out the quarterback situation yet. I don't care how many picks you got. Third round, two second round, first round, man, you have no quarterback. So I see them finishing fourth in the division this year. Someone tweeted OCHO Dallas just broke the golden rule. Never buy a wide receiver. Mike Tomlin is selling. Do you agree? No, I, I'm not sure how that's the golden rule. I I, I don't understand. Okay. 'cause every, every, Every receiver, Antonio Brown, Every receiver Antonio that's there, Hold on.


Okay. Hold on, hold on. Martavia Bryan, how did that work out? Ocho? I'm not sure. I can't remember. You went, okay. Antonio Brown. How did that work out? Ocho It Worked out well when he left. For who? Where? Everywhere he went. Raiders. Oh. Oh, you talking about what they did personally? Now I, I I can't even touch on that. I'm, I'm, I'm okay. I see what you mean. No, so it worked out well. Okay. How about Chase Clay? Who? Okay. Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. Deontay Johnson, He, he hadn't been able to get his foot in the mud yet. Okay. Three Teams. Three teams and three and in, in six months. He's in, he's in Cleveland right now, right? Yeah. Yeah. Him and Jerry. Judi, they gonna, they gonna do damn, where Did, where did he get traded to?


Carolina. Carolina. He he went to Carolina first. Yeah. And went Carolina. And he Went somewhere else, right? He went to three teams. Baltimore, Baltimore, Baltimore. Yeah. And, and what did Baltimore do? Ocho Joe, what you laughing at Joe? Yeah. I'm just asking. Hey, hey, we gonna, we we gonna be all right though. We gonna be all right. So I could under, I could understand what the tweet is saying. Never by receiver San Antonio Holmes plaques made plaques, had that great, had that one season that he played with the Giants.


They won the Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. Mike Wallace, he kind of didn't have, he, I mean, he kind of bounced around. He had a pretty good year in, in Baltimore, but I think he got, he went to, didn't he go, where'd he go first? He went to Miami, didn't he? Didn't he get, didn't he go to Miami also? I thought he, I thought it was in Miami, Minnesota. He went to, I think y'all think Mike Wallace went to Minnesota? Min went to Miami first. I, I can't, I can't remember. I can't remember. And Then he ended up going to Baltimore, right? I don't remember. I don't remember that nigga. Mike was fast. Hold On. What you trying to say? Huh? You saying the wide receivers? They come from the Steelers. They don't do nothing when they leave. I, I, I don't, I don't know why they have these issues when they're in Pittsburgh.


That's what I don't get. Because they, I mean they, they're immensely talented. San Antonio Holmes was Sue more MVP Ocho and they let him walk. Yeah. Yeah. A ab And he's still Mike because he's a Hall of Fame talent. Yeah. I just think he's gonna have to wait a lot longer than what he should have based on the numbers that he put up. Ocho That's all I'm saying. Claypool, I don't know what had happened to him. Marvis Bryant, we know he had some issues, but you look at the receiver, the one thing Steelers can do, Ocho they could draft receivers. I don't know how. Hey, They gonna always, always, the Steelers, the Listen, the Steelers, the Bengals.


Who else always have a receiver? The Cowboys. They had Manuel Sanders. The Manuel Sanders was great in Denver. Yeah. But he, they, they just couldn't pay everybody. Yeah. So I, I mean, some of them, but some of the guys that they kept, they ended up having issues and ended up leaving. I is is Claypool still in the league? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I'm not sure either, Joe. Yeah, I I know I I I know one thing, huh? This is at, this is this, this is a, this is a do it do or die do or die season. But George Pickens, his back is against the wall. He deserves to be paid. I understand the, the, the talent. You know the talent for sure.


People sure that actually watch the game of football despite whatever issues he may have on field. Sometimes some of the antics. He is immensely talented when used the right way. I think that, I think the Steelers kind of didn't do him do justice. And obviously he didn't help his, Well, I mean, Steven didn't have no quarterback to do him justice. Yeah. That, That, that, that too. So what he did with what he had to work with, he did the best he could. Now one where he is going now with another elite partner on the other side of you. But he going to eat. I'm telling you, he going eat. He, he Gonna eat. As you mentioned, ocho, the NFC Easts, you got CD, Pickens neighbors, Deebo, McClarin, Devonte and AJ Brown.


Well, they loaded over That one. Is that the best, is that the best, is that the best division for receivers? Absolutely. Absolutely. I'm from, from top to bottom. Now there are other, the other good receivers and the other divisions, but they, boy, they take the Cadence boy, right? They Take the ka. Yeah. I mean, most teams like, yeah, they don't have, I mean de I I think that, I think that the NFC North with Detroit, Chicago, Minnesota Green Bay. Yeah. They, they got nice little, but I not, not like this. Nah, Not like that. They, they got some like this, they got some good ones. NFC, let's see. NC West? Nope. NFC South? Nope.


Yeah. NFC North. We just mentioned the north. A FC South. Nope. A FC West ffc. Now FFC South got some good ones because they got Travis Hunter, Trey, they got Brian Thomas Jr. Hey, that's a good, they got, they got Tank, they got Nico. Yeah. Tennessee got no, Tennessee got, Tennessee got Calvin. Ridley Ridley. Who he by? He by, he by himself, huh? Because I think he is by himself. Because Reon Brooks ain't, ain't, ain't, ain't ain't working. He ain't working. And then you got the ones in Indy and he got a nice little squad.


Yeah. But, but still it is not like the NFC stuff. No. Yeah, because AJ's been to the Pro Bowl. McClarin. Deebo neighbors CD pick been, I think pick's been to the Pro Bowl once. Devonte. Yeah. So all these guys Pro Bowl players. Yeah. NFC, he's got the best receivers. A photo of Kenny Pickett from today's practice has gone viral. Particularly his hand size. His hand. Yeah. His hand, his hand's small. Woo. His hand small. You saw the comparison, you saw the side by side with him and Flaco holding the ball the same way. Nah, I didn't see that. Yeah. Yeah. They, they got a side by side, same pitcher, same pose with both of 'em dropping back.


And the, the, the, the, the, the difference in hand sides is, is is crazy. He must be Miss Rudolph. 'em must put that curse on him. You know where Richard Pryor told how Miss Rudolph, the little monkey hands say where that monkey go, miss Rudolph say, if you don't bring me my, my goose or my Turkey, you will see him again. Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day.


Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. Falcons fans are upset that the first round draft pick, Jalen Walker will wear number 11. Julio Jones is the fastest player in history to 10,000, 11,000, 12,000 and 13,000 yards. He most even averaging a hundred yards a game most season with 250 yards. But the Falcons gave away his number 11 with the quickness and didn't retire.


Should that Falcons have given away a number 11? No. Yes, they should. They should not have given it away. Absolutely not. Yeah. I mean, he's The best wide receiver in Falcon's history. Yeah. This is bad book. And, and You know, they look, I know Dre, Dre and what's the other one? White Roddy White. Yeah, yeah. 84. Yeah. They had, You know, Billy White Shoes Johnson, they had Alfred Jenkins. Nah, Julio Different. Different. But You know, You know owners, I Don't think, yeah, they didn't, they didn't leave on the best of terms. Right. Owners, owners don't see, see it the same way we see it, You know, in understanding what they meant for the franchise.


The way fans see Julio, I mean, one of the best, not actually one of, one of the best all time, not only that, but one of the be the best receiver to come outta your organization and they just don't see the value in that. Especially the retired Jersey. Jersey. Yeah. They, I guess they don't seem to think nobody should get their jersey retired till the, well, let's see if they give that number eight away. What, well, what number is Michael Penny Union? Because Matt Ryan was eight, right? Two. Matt was two. Yep. Let's see if they, somebody get that two, you think they gonna get that two away? Or Joe? Yeah. Yeah, I listen, I mean they, there was, there was also a little, a little not turmoil, just a little incident.


Somebody with the Brown took two from Ur. Yeah. He Already had it or he took, what you mean? I mean, so another player, I'm not sure who the player is. I don't, don't, I don't, don't quote me. I don't, I don't, I don't wanna butcher anybody's name, but he chose two and Shado have to wear 12. I'm saying, I'm saying he new to the Browns or he already been there, Ojo. That's what I'm asking. Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Yeah, I, but I definitely think Julio, they, they should not have given that number, not number 11 to anybody. No, that that's Julio Jones number. I wouldn't even wanna wear it. I wouldn't either. I wouldn't Wanna wear it. That's how, that's why I be wondering when some of these kids be coming out and they be wanting some of these legends numbers, I'd be like, man, why would you want even do that?


Yeah. Yeah. You see AB Dude Carter wanted wear 56 for the Giants. Yeah. 56 and number 11 because Phil Sims wore number 11. It's retired. Yeah, Phil was Phil 50. Hey, Phil said No, two strays number retired I think is Don Meredith numbers retired. Maybe YA Tittle. I don't know. YA Tittle. I think Ja, John don't have many numbers retired, but they got a few. Yeah, I think Stray. I know Stray. I think Strays Lt Sims.


Damn. Damn. Oh yeah. Oh well. Yeah. But they definitely should have Julio Jones number should be, they should, nobody should wear that number. He was, he was too good. And I, I, I get it. See, sometimes I think OCHO people allow the last year to ruin 10 or 11 really great years. Yeah. And although it didn't end on the best of terms. Right. He's still Julio, he still, he still did a great job for that organization. He was a model citizen in the community and that should, You know.


Yeah, I mean for him to be, to be what he was for that organization, the numbers that he put up, I definitely think he was more than deserving to have that number retired. Yeah. But it happened in age. I remember when I left, I left for, I left Denver and went to and went to Baltimore. They gave my number to who? Chris, what's Chris's last name? I forget now. Damn. Yeah. You won Super Bowl over there then. Yeah. What was Chris? Damn, I forget the guy's name now in 2000 who won number 2 84 in 2000.


But when I came back it was in my locker bro. I was like, you actually thought I was gonna come back here and you was gonna be 84 and I was gonna be another number. You thought that man, please you Chris Cole? Yeah, Chris Cole. Where from take that in. I seen, well, You know Playmaker, he like, he like for the wide receivers wear his numbers though, Michael. Oh yeah. 'cause because he say they talk about hell, but they talk about who wore that number. Yeah, yeah. He, they got they own little club going over there. Yeah. Yeah. They don't really, I mean like they don't really retire a whole lot of numbers like the Steelers.


I mean it's only a handful of, of people that had that. Like Joe Green, I think se I think Joe Green, 75, Terry Bradshaw 12. Ernie Starner. I think Ernie wore 72, but they ain't a whole lot. Right. Oh, Deandre Carter. But I mean if they, if they, if they retired all them Steelers great man, you ain't gonna have no numbers. Well yeah, you gonna have no numbers. You like Boston. I mean you Think, you think about Swan 88, 82, 32, 12 47. I think Male blunt might number might be retiring blunt. I mean look at, look at all those Hall of Famers and they had like five or six on defense at one time.


Two receivers, the center running back quarterback. So that's five on offense, Joe Green, male, blunt, Jack, ham, Lambert, Donnie, shell five on defense. So you got 10 Hall of Famers outta your 22. How you like that Ocho? Damn you're coaching the Hall of Fame and your owner boy was the real boy was the real deal. Yeah. Hall and you could make a case. Lc Greenwood should be in the Hall of Fame. But I definitely think Julio, David. Yes.


Officially it's like Joe Green. Okay. He, okay. Officially retired is number 70. Ernie Starner. Ernie Starner was, he was our D line coach when I was in Denver. Joe Green and Frank O. Harris, those numbers are officially retired. Unofficially retired. Terry Bradshaw, Jerome Betters, Troy Polamalu, Mel Blunt 47 and Mike Webster. I don't want none of those numbers. Mel Blunt made 'em change the game, made 'em change the rules. Mike Webster, I believe is, is probably the greatest center to ever play. Now you can make a case, You know Dwight Stevens, Jim Otto, but hey, he's on the short list.


Troy, hey, he won the two or three best receivers. Me, Ed's, I think Ed's the greatest safety. Yeah, but hey, you ain't gonna get no, you ain't gonna get No. There are some people that says, Hey, Troy was every bit the equal Troy. But I just thought it took the ball away more. Turned it into points. Alright, time for our final segment of the evening. It's not, it's time for q and a. A dab Smith said, ain't nobody worried about them cowboys. Same team that had nine pro bowlers and got smacked by the Packers. Alright, see that Ocho?


Alright. Sean. Cam said number 21 ain't retired Prime went to the Hall of Fame as a Falcon. No, it's not like baseball where they put the cap on there. They'll list all the teams that you played for in football. So the Falcons are on there. The, the 49 ERs are on there. The Cowboys are on there. The Washington football team is on there and the Ravens are on there. It is not like baseball when you get to choose a cap to go into the Hall of Fame. Russell 8 43 ocho. Do you mind if someone were the number for the Bengals? Well, Isaac Curtis made that number. Famous OCHO took somebody's number. Y'all see? Y'all don't see y'all.


You talking about Ocho Ocho was not the first 85. I know What, Hey, I, I I I made 85 known globally. Oh Lord. Not just here in the States. You have to understand who you're talking to. Huh? This is, this is different. When people see the number 85, it resonates with ocho. They Do. It does, it does. That's, yeah, that's no disrespect to the Graces that have 180 5, but also they gave, they gave us the Tyler EER at 85. I'm sure somebody's gonna have 85 this year. I'm I'm sure at some point. Yeah. But shit, I ain't do nothing worthy of getting my damn number retired. No damn way. Shit. Yeah, But I think, hold on. I think if Prime would've had his career that he had.


Right. Unless he heard the thing. He ain't gonna win no Super Bowls at the Falcons. He probably not gonna win Defensive player of the year with the Falcons. Mm. So he had to go elsewhere. Right, because he said man, they tried to get, and the thing was don't, Joe, they let him walk. They ain't even put no tag on time. Man. Casey Taylor said, as Ocho would say, don't cheat dunk on yo. Which two teams have the most retired jerseys? Hell probably the, the Packers and the Bears probably because they've been playing the longest.


Yeah. Breads and Giants. Okay. I, I do just Packers. Packers was sorry there for, for Stretch. Once they got, once they got out the sixties they was good and terrible. Deuce fo foul code donated $50 and said if the Knicks win game three man. Yeah boy what you call it gonna be on one Bria Carter said it's time to have that convoy about Jason Tatum. Hey, they better win this series. Yeah, they got an uphill climb. Yeah. They got, they got a tough one. I 30 Jason Tatum. I left my wife because she gave me an ultimatum.


The Celtics repeated game one verbatim, Nixon five, Chris Flores, Jason Tatum, Shannon Tatum, Jason Tatum, Nixon, five ocho. They said, yeah, I told you The six foot Aquarius. We need old school Knicks Pacers conference finals with a final of appearance on the line. All the OGs for the pass come out for this one. Oh, they would? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Except, I don't know if Dolan gonna let Oak back in the arena. He might have to go to, he might have to go to Indy and and see that. But I definitely could see Xavier McDaniels and Charles Smith. Starks Ewing.


Yeah. See those guys coming back And then the Davis boys, I don't know if Rick Smith's still in the states. Reggie. Well, yeah, Reggie would Now, I don't know. Reggie might be calling the game. He'll be calling the game. He'll yeah. So he'll be there. Yeah. Yeah. Casey Taylor Iso in the NFL always wanted AP l Fitzgerald, Calvin J to win rings in the NBA, you and Vince and Tracy. Man, I had a chance to look. So look, when I was in Brooklyn, I took a buyout and I signed with the Miami Heat.


Yeah, that was when I took my buyout. I was talking to LeBron and D Wade. So here's my, here was my, those are my two choices on the teams I was gonna go to that year. Cleveland, they came back from that three one deficit in OCHO and they won the Yeah, yeah. 2016. Yeah. That's the year I signed with Miami though. I signed with Miami because a number A, a couple things. First off, they only had one ball handler, which was D Wade. And I'm like, right, I wanna be able to handle that thing. I wanna be able to dribble that thing. You go play in Cleveland, you got Kyrie Brun and Kathy. There's only two other spots. Me, Jr. Sean, Richard Jefferson, we gonna be fighting for them two spots.


I'm like, man, listen, I'm gonna go over here to Miami. I'm gonna go over here and help D Wade. They were lasting three point shooting. And it was, it was, it was a fun deal. Whiteside got hurt in the playoffs, which is why, You know, I, we came up short, but it was, it was, it was fun playing in Miami, bro. Keppra Norwood Jr. Said Unc, my question is, after LeBron retires, who you going the route for? Player wise. SGA ant, manta, Luca. You know, You know where he going? Damn. It's a, it is out. It's outta ant manna Luca, man, come on. Stop playing, man. That's all my only two choices.


I don't know why you playing around, man, man, because Luca, man, You know, my growing up, my favorite player was Larry Bird and Luca remind me of Bird. He bad boy. Unless he comes donated. Uncle Ocho, I still see you guys stream on my platform. What is it? Rubr? I still hope to see you guys stream on my platform. Rubr. Is that it? Okay, sure. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Doc, what'd it do? Hey, fab Ocho, congrats on your pilot's license since you're looking for more jobs. Have you ever thought about bull riding? I Think you would kill it. I have the perfect stage name for you.


Rodeo Ocho. Rodeo ocho. Yeah. I should, I should listen. I'm already, I'm already bull riding once, I might as well do it again. I've been looking to be a content creator, man. I know. I, I see everybody creating content, but I wanna do content, right? Or I wanna push the envelope a little bit, Joe. Okay. Like, I wanna, I'm gonna push the envelope a little bit where it is like, almost dangerous, where it could actually get hurt. So like, I want, I want people to almost cringe right? Before some I, I do something like, okay, it is almost life or death. I wonder what's gonna happen, but I just don't know where to start. Do do the vert on a skateboard like Tony Hawk. Alright, that's easy. Unc, I, You know, I already know the skateboard already.


No, you don't. No. Go on that vert Oh, did you survive the high, the high? Yeah. Yeah, that. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I like that. That's a good one. Tell you, say you think baseball is wrong for not letting certain players in the Hall of Fame, not even the PD guys, but it's hard to make to the MLB Hall of Fame. NBA is easy as hell and NFL does pretty good. Well, the thing is, with basketball, they take everything. They take college, they take international, they take NBA and and, and football. They only take what you did in the NFL and and and, and in. I think in baseball, they only take what you did in the NF in, in, in MLB. Everybody that said, the greatest player that they've ever seen were the only two eyes is Barry Barnes, seven MVPs.


Even if you strip away, even if you take away everything that he did in San Francisco, he still got three MVPs in Philly. I mean, in Pittsburgh, If you take a, he's still the only guy with 400 home runs and, and 400 stolen bases. That's before he even set foot in San Francisco. So strip San Francisco, San Francisco does not happen. Is he not a hall of Famer? Yep. Red Bull underscores 6 75. Hey unc, don't worry, because next year it can be Steph Curry in a hurry. Eddie McFlurry next to Eddie Murray. Lis in five. We gonna get us a big man.


We need a big, we we can't do anything real Carter. She in the chat again. It's time to have the conversation about Jason Tatum. You know what, Brie, we gonna have a conversation When Joe come back next week, we gonna have a conversation about Jason Tatum. Now, hopefully it's a good conversation. They down three. If they down three oh, they down, they get swept. We gonna have a very uncomfortable conversation. A very, very, very, very, very uncomfortable conversation. Oh yeah. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend bingo, ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and joining us, contributing to us and all things basketball from Arkansas, the Little Rock Native Arkansas alum. Yes, sir. ISO Joe Johnson. Joe, thank you again. Thank you for your support. Thank you guys. We really, really appreciate. I know it was tough tonight because that last game was not a whole lot to talk about and we always lead with the final game. But thank you guys for your support and your continued support. And because of you, we get to do what we do.


Make sure you check out Shea by the portier. We do have it in stock. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. Voted best premium VSOP on the market. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out, the link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited in once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last.


Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now to check out UNC and ocho.


Thank you guys again. Thunder pummel the Nuggets. 1 49 to 1 0 6 and the Knicks come back down 20 to take a two oh lead on the road, 91 90 over the Boston Celtics. It shifts to Madison Square Guard on Saturday. Thank you for joining us again. I'm unc. He's ocho. He's iso. See you tomorrow. The Volume


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.