
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your Once in a Blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at Once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs a Foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke


Hey. there it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The


Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources


is Jerry Jones made his weekly call into a Dallas radio station 1 0 5 0.3 the fan on Friday. Here we go. And he went full blown de denial mode. Here we go. When asked about the team's current running back situation, here's a little bit of a first for me because I've never seen so much made of our position and what it's doing at the position. Running back this year. Not having done this or having done at running back. Right. Running back. It is just not on our radar as far as an area of interest really. Okay. I Although to finish reading what he said, Ocho Okay, I don't have anybody else in the world asking me about some media.


A few of the media have gotten out here and written some stories there early about what's going on with a running back in the draft or how we need a running back and they're going to try to cover their, you know what, as we go through the season over the, over the two games, eight teams have fewer rushing attempts than the Cowboys 46. They have 170 yards rushing. Only six teams have the mass fewer, they're tied for the six lowest yards per carry average 3.7. The teams biggest ground game, biggest yards that's come so far is 12 yards. Tying them for two other squads for the shortest long run. Elliot and Dale are dead.


Even as a team leading rushers with 56 yards each, that puts them on 49th or 50th placed among all ball carriers league wide. Right. In fact, they both rank lower than every other club. Top Russia 17 teams have more than half the NFL two Russian ahead of them on this yardage list. Yeah. But he says it's not a problem. Mocho. Yeah, it's Not, it's not a problem. Obviously when you, when you look at it from a, a sta statistical standpoint, listen, they're bad that they're at the bottom of the barrel in, in, in that, in that, in that category. But you have to remember the position itself is not valued anymore. They feel they can plug anybody in unless you a top tier, one of the top tier, you know, your Nick Chubbs, your Christian McCaffrey's, you know your Derrick Henry's obviously they they had opportunity to get Derrick Henry.


Yep. They, they felt they didn't need Derrick Henry. You know, and it just goes to show how teams and organizations owners as well feel about the running back position. We feel we can, we can, we can pull and plug, we can pull, pull somebody from anywhere else and plug 'em in and they'll be fine because it is a now pass happy league. It's a bad It is, it is what they do. They throwing the ball 60, 70 goddamn time. The game we'll run the, we'll run the ball every so often to keep it somewhat balanced to, to throw a defense off. But as far as needing a special running back or, or drafting a running back high. I mean they, they just not gonna do it. How about you need more than what you got. I ain't saying you gotta take a court a running back with a number one overall pitch.


Right. But what you going, if you think you gonna win a title or you're gonna go very far with this level of running game. Right. Man, Jerry had his mind. All of it. Right. All of it. Yeah. Listen, I mean think about her. This is how delusional you must be. I think Zeke had a great start to his career, but you released Zeke because you didn't believe he had what it take to get you to the next level and then you bring him back. What you thought that him going to going to New England, that that reinvigorated him, rejuvenated him and now he coming back with the juice and the times that he had his first two, three years. Right.


Did I miss up Mocho? I mean listen, continuity, familiarity with the offense, with the system, the players, the coaches, the staff, the organization in general. I mean they, they they, they brought him back. But again, I think the releasing of Zeke was obviously, you know, it was money reasons he was hurt his knee, his knee was messed up his last year in, in, in Dallas. Yeah. He was, he was wearing a brace at the time. He really wasn't the same Zeke due to those injuries and those lingering issues. But now I think Zeke is is somewhat healthy. I I I'd assume he's not the Zeke of old. Obviously It's hard ocho when you play that position and lose it. Yeah. When have you ever known a running back to lose it and get it back?


Get It back? Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's difficult. It's difficult. That's really the one position we you've seen quarterbacks, you've seen wide receivers, you've seen dbs, you see shrm how he came back to life? He hey, when he went to San Francisco. Right. Well I know running backs, we don't normally see that, especially with the number of Carries Zeke had on his legs early. They ran him into the dirt. Yeah. Yeah they did. They did. Well I did after injury, I did see one running back come back after injury. Who? And didn't miss a beat and they called him all day. Yeah. But hold on, he didn't lose it. Didn't miss a beat. I'm saying lose it. I Zeke ain't Zeke ain't lost you because this no shit.


Hold on. You saw Zeke, if you look at his rookie year numbers kept doing this. Yeah. Adrian Peterson was still at the top of his game. Right. We just didn't know he could come back and pick up where he left off after injury. Right. We thought it was gonna take at least a year because he tore that knee up in December. He came back that, that following season and was seven yard was eight yards short of breaking all nine yards. Short of the all time record. Yeah. He ran for 2097. He was the MVP Real. He never lost it. Yeah, but when he did, remember when he did Arizona, how did he look at Arizona? Yeah. How did he look at New Orleans?


Right. When you lose it, You lose it And try to recapture running backs. Don't get an opportunity to now. Yeah. If it's a, a spring forward, a fallback you set, you could turn the clock back. Right. But that's the only thing you could turn back not on your body. Not with running back. Not with that kind of mileage. Because you have to realize at that point in time how manys had AP Had. Yeah. How many carriers have Zeke had those running backs? You look at those running backs on Joe, you're talking about 1,015 hundred. Right. A 2000 damn to two thousands on those legs. Especially in, especially with the way Adrian Peterson plays. Yes. Violent vi.


He was a, he and Z was a run to collision. Right. They didn't dodge anything. Uhuh. Now that's a great running style. They say you see how tough I am, but after a while Yeah, That catches up with you. They Take a toll on you. Yeah. Look at Earl Campbell. That's why Earl Campbell career was so short. Earl was a run to contact. Oh yeah. It Was great. He lowered the boom. But I don't know if you seen Earl been, people have seen him. Man. Hey, I don't wish that on nobody. You Barely walk. Huh? He, I don't think he can. He been in the wheelchair ever since I've known mean. Damn. I mean I think I, he stood, didn't he stand one time? Actually he went on the field at University of Texas.


I think he stood when they had all the, like the Heisman Trophy. I think it was him and Ricky Williams. I think those are the only Heisman trophy winners. Right. That they got at University of Texas. But yeah, man, his, his, his his knees, I he had several. He had a hell of a run. Oh yeah. It was short but it was a hell of a run run when he was with the Oilers Nasty man. He was, he was, he was something special man. Man. Ocho. Yeah. Did you see Jerry? He, Jamie Fox was doing a live stream and he was talking about some things.


Okay. Ash put the video up. I didn't want to talk about this, but the chat y'all keep on y'all, y'all, y'all, I don't know what hell, Lord have Mercy Hey there. Nine. Okay. Nine and three eight. Hey. Oh, what's wrong with Jerry? Man? Man, I mean that, that's really not the conversation to be having. No, why am I having, hold on.


Why am I having that conversation with another man? Especially in that environment? I, I, I, I don't know. I don't know what's wrong. I don't know. I don't know what's wrong with Jerry. I I, I maybe he didn't know Jamie was filming at the time. I, I'm not sure, Man. I ain't having no conversation. Me and me and no homeboys. Right. My friends my best friend bucket. Ain't nobody talking about no meat. Not Like, I mean it that, that's, that's a conversation that's really never, ever had. That's a conversation that No, That's when you with your lady, you know, I'm like, Hey, what you want for dinner tonight? You like, I had some, I was thinking about maybe, maybe some pasta. I said what about some tube steak? You know? And you know, I'm like just said I got the tube steak ready.


Right, right, right. Well done. Nice and juicy for you. You want that? I gotta use that one. I gotta, I gotta use that one. But I'm saying Ocho, that ain't no conversation that you having with another man. I don't know what's wrong with Jerry on. Oh Lord. I don't dunno if he was trying, he was talking cold or, or was he trying to be funny or trying to be? I, I I I have no idea. I really have nothing to say about that. Jerry, Jerry again, I'll say it again. He needs to sit down, take a back seat, let the players play, let the coaches coach and let's see what happens. Like you said, if you're not gonna let, Let Oh Joe, there's certain conversations that guys just don't have.


Yeah, that's one, That's one. That's one of 'em. Well ain't nobody talking about nobody talking about no meat. That's One of em. Come on man. Yeah. Jerry Triple boy, that, that's your boy though. That's your boy. And I'd be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. Hey, where you going with this? I mean, hey, you know guys start talking. I'm like hold on, where you going? So I hopeful, hopefully it, it starts right here. Right. Hey, because I don't need to hear nothing else, bro. Nah, I don't know what you Huh? Not by that. Talking about me. Oh. Come on man. Ain't nobody man. You know me, man. Man, come on man. Man, I've been in lock man. I done been in a lot of locker room. Damn me. My whole life. I mean, what I played from Peewee all the way to my n my NFL show.


I played 26 seasons. Yeah, same of organized football. Yeah. In a lot of locker. And when you talking to a guy, y'all in the shower, you keep eye contact Always straight ahead. I, I straight. Yeah. You ain't no lane, you never Look left, you never look. Right. Same thing. No. Hey listen, it's called etiquette. It's called shower et. Yeah. And it's called bathroom etiquette at the urinal. For one, you go into a bathroom. Even in public, even in locker room, you always skip, you always skip funeral or you Yeah. You always gotta sit next to somebody. Ocho never. And you always look forward if you hold a conversation, you never look left or right. Yeah. Never Man Ocho, guys, I ain't gonna be rude.


I, you know, I, I, I'm, I'm trying to be level but bro, I'm not shaking your hand. We at the urinal. Don't you reach your damn hand across there talking about what's up. Huh? Not shaking your hand. I'm in the bathroom the other day. Yo. Get what? The guy say let's get a selfie. I say not in here. Come on. Y'all do. Come on bro. Y'all doing too much. Hey, In fact, Listen, I don't even, I only, Hey all I'm gonna do you give you a little head nod in the bathroom. I give you a head nod. Hey, we could have a conversation outside, right? Yeah. We not finn to have no conversation. Yeah. A lot, a lot of people don't understand bathroom, man. Especially in public. And you might see someone Who's shaking.


Oh Joe, I don't give a damn if I know you, if I, if I'm coming in the bathroom and you coming out, I ain't finna dap you up 'cause I ain't sure you wash your hands because I done seen too many people go in there, drop mud and come up out there, pull their pants up and walk right up outta there. Drop mud. I like that. That's a good one. I ain't never heard that. Drop mud. Okay. Yeah. And walk right up outta there. I gotta use that. I said oh, nah, nah, nah man. So that's why Hey, in the bathroom, I, hey yeah, nah. Hey how you doing? But man, people, you don't realize how nasty people are. Yeah. Until you go into the bathroom at airports and then you see, you understand Man, them jokes come up outta that thing.


O Joe pull their pants up, walk right up, grab their luggage and wrap right there. Walk right up outta of there. I wouldn't eat at the house if I was a hostage. Nah, this going to let me starve. Keep me down here in the basement. Don't you bring me ish. Nothing Nasty, mofo nah, nah, nah. They go pee and wash their hands wrong. Damn. Yeah. Do how you walk right by the sink Ocho because the, because normally the urals over there and you gotta walk by the sink. Yeah. In order to get, to get, To get out the door. The door. Yeah. How you walk by the now wash your nasty stairs hands and then you go go order. I see 'em standing right in the line order Chick-fil-A or Popeyes pissy hand.


Oh hell nah. That's why a, the a And you don't owe your, you know, you try to give 'em the fist bump? No, they, hey. Oh. Lemme shake it. No bro. Here you, there you go. Power, power to the people. Yeah. Up. Oh hell no. Bathroom, mannequin people. Bathroom mannequin. You gotta learn it. Yes. That's all I'm saying bro. No, and I don't think I'm better than you, but I just know through my experience of traveling, I've seen too many people Yeah. Come in the bathroom and walk right up outta there after peeing or dropping mud. And then I'd be, and and do you think and do you think I'm supposed to just like, hey, just shake it, just have a conversation with you.


What you in town for bro? Why we talking? Who having a conversation? What, what's so important that you got to have a conversation in the bathroom? Chad? Am I wrong? I mean, I, I don't, people might think I'm like, bro, I'm not fitting to have no conversation with you in the bathroom. Man. What you in? How long you in town? Listen, I I I say one thing. If you try to engage in conversation. Hey bro, I'm holler at you outside bro. Yeah, I'm holler at you outside. Is is okay bro. I mean it and people. Hey O Joe. The people, me and Ash Joe were traveling yesterday.


Yeah. So we all sitting, we got our lugg. We tried, we got little things blocked in do some Hey you mind if I sit down and talk to y'all? Ash looked at me. Jordan looked at me. I look at my bags. Sure. I'm like, Okay. Hey, what y'all were talking about? We were just, we were just talking because we got, we we was in, what the hell were we, DC Okay, we were in DC Yeah. We got delayed. So we, you know, we just sitting down, you know we just sitting down talking laughing. Yeah. And the guy just kept hovering around, you know, like, and you know me Ocho I ain't trying to make no con eye contact. Okay. Yeah. Eye contact Is over.


Ash ain't no good and quis or nothing. You know the guy, I was like that guy who Jordan like, hey, you right till you till you're right Ball. Like yeah I see you. And like he gonna come up. I was like, eh, sure enough, here he comes. He came up. You, you mind if I mind if I sit down and talk to you about what? Hey man, they just wanna engage in a little conversation man. Get a chance to, you know, know you personally. You know they see you on tv. They see you on Nightcap. You know? And it's an honor. It's an honor. You have to understand. But ocho normally when I go into a public, when I go into a bathroom, I try to hold my breath.


It's stinking there. Right. Okay. You right, you're right, you're right. I ain't trying to talk. I gotta breathe in order to talk. I ain't trying to breathe them f in. Right. But you also have to understand who you are. People don't really have a chance to see you often. You know. So anytime they get a chance, Even wait two minutes. You can see me outside. Even if it's in the bathroom. No, they, they, they gonna say something. I go in as soon as I hit the door, I hold my breath. Oh man. Oh that, that's, that's crazy. I think I'm out. People just got to because I ain't going, I ain't, I ain't never going, I ain't going to. Oh no. I wait. Right, Right.


Definitely ain't going. Oh. And up please. Oh you, oh you don't, you don't do number two in public. Public. Oh no. Oh. I wish I might, well Listen, if I, if I gotta go Half the time guys that look like somebody done threw up, smash the pumpkin against the wall. Oh hell No. Yeah, I, I know, I know what you mean. I I'm Aint nasty. I, I, listen, I'm using the bathroom. If I got, if I got to go number two and most of the time in public restroom, they don't have Oh no, they have the, the toilet Seat. Nah, I'm good. I wait. I can wait. You put a toilet seat cover on now. You know to protect. But they ain't got no toilet seat covers in there. People done peed all on the floor. Ah man, come on man. But, But damn, where the hell you at? Where they ruining the bathroom like that?


In the whole, in the airport. Oh. They think, You know, people don't give a damn about no airport that done impeded all over the seat and everything. Ah, nah. Mm. I ain't, I ain't never had that problem. Nah, I'm good. I wait. I'll be constipated. I have to go to the emergency room and let 'em get me a enema. I ain't going in no public bathroom. That ain't happening. Going listen, damn sure ain't going to no airport. If they don't have the, if they don't have the toilet seat covers that they, they they normally have in there. You take the toilet tissue and you lay, you lay it down three A you got 3, 2, 2 sides, two down the side, two down the top. I'd rather go what you call them. I'd rather, I'd rather pull side the road than go in the woods.


Nah. Okay. Well you know what, you are used to that, that, that, that rhythm. That Rhythm. Yeah. I keep to, I keep a rolling toilet paper in my, in my car. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. That, that visual that's, that's, that's a little nasty. The visual. Oh, I, I done pull aside the road on 16, go to my grandma house plenty of time and run off in the woods. Put the flashers on pool right side the road right on 16, run in the woods and go do what I do and come right on the back out of there. Hold on. Was it just tissue? You ain't got no wipes? I had no wipes back then. I got wipes now, but that's been about probably about 13, 14 years ago. 'cause I hadn't been to Glenville in that lived, I hadn't been to Glenville since 2012.


Yeah. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got you. But oh yeah, I, I, I got, I got wipes now. Yeah. You, you better than me boy. Because I public. I'm, But you know, back in the day old yo, they ain't have no tissue. You had corn carbs. That's when, when somebody say, oh, I'm his country, the corn carb in the our house. Right, right. That's what you used to clean your butt with. Everybody have no tone of paper. Yeah, I don't, I don't shoot. Hey, I, I got a, I got, I got a little Bette and all at the house man. So. Huh? Bette. Oh yeah, Bo yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Gotta make sure that Bo it's Bode. Okay. Okay. My bad. I it is. I don't, I don't know the pronunciation of it. It, I, It, but you know, you got, oh, you do realize now you got the toilets that'll do all that.


Oh Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. We got, I mean I, she got old in the, listen, I walk in my bathroom, the toilet, the, the seat raises up on its own. And when, when you Yeah, away from it, it goes down and flushes this out. I I don't It automatically has the light in it. Yeah. Yeah. Got the little blue light. Oh no. But see I ain't gonna have those problems because there are only certain things that I'm going to eat when I'm in an airport. I already know what's going be. 'cause I got, you know I got lactate, I got a mold, I got certain, I got pep toe tablets. Right. I got all, I got, I got all that stuff in a little container. So I already know what I can and can't eat, Eat. Right. And normally Shelly's already done briefed me. Okay. What do, what do they have for breakfast?


What do they have for lunch? I can do the eggs. Probably could do, you know, they got chicken sausage or something, something like that. I already know. I ain't doing the yogurt. Right. I ain't doing the cold cereal. No, I ain't mess with nothing. If they got anything that got something to do with apples, I don't fool with it no dairy because I already know no dairy. No dairy. Okay. Okay. Period. Okay. Everything Ocho lemme ask you this. Yeah. If you were on the plane next to someone Yeah. To someone and they were snoring, what would you do If they were snoring? Yeah. You know if, if you are on the plane and you are next to somebody snoring, you just tap 'em lightly.


Like, not, not to wake 'em up, but just tap 'em lightly. If you tap 'em lightly, it throws the snoring off rhythm. And, and I'm waking them up. Listen, it gives you a little grace. It gives you a little grace. So if you wake 'em up and they go back to sleep, they're gonna go right back to snoring. But when you tap someone and, and, and you and you kind of get their attention a little bit without waking them up, it stops 'em from snoring for, for, for a little bit because Rere snor real Snor Rel sound like a RiNo. She said like, but you Know what, you signed up for that in the ba. I look, I ain't got no, I ain't got no problem with that. I'm like, damn. You know, like, hey, you know I I, I might touch him if you next to me and you snoring.


Oh, I woke a guy up. I said, my man you like, oh, excuse me. Is everything okay? No, you snoring. Hold on. So what happen if you dating somebody that you in love with or you don't, you might not even get? No, I, I don't have no problem. I'm gonna, you know, normally if somebody is snoring, your girl snoring. Right. Right. You touch 'em, they gonna like, you know they gonna move a little bit. They wake up. Yeah. And it stop. See Yeah. Right. Yeah. I mean I, I I would, I wouldn't be, you know what, that's a, that's a great question. It's a hypothetical. It's a situation that has really never happened to me. I just know I'm speaking from personal experience at home when you snoring, you just touch 'em a little bit or move them and then the snorting stops for a split, you know, for, for, for a few seconds.


No, but I, i I ain't pay that kinda money sitting in that seat here. You snore for the next three hours. Oh no, that ain't gonna happen. That, That, that's, that's, that's, you can't control that. Huh? That's, that's a Part of I know I can't, IW his ass up. Y'all didn't pay for this? Oh hell nah. Oh no. Hell nah. Some Things gotta people control. Huh? That's what you call him. I know somebody, he talking about, man, don't wake me up. Bull jive that. Hey, that's why we put you in the back. Right. He gotta go. He gotta go to the back because first of all, even if you put, Jordan can be in the first seat right behind first class.


He gonna be the last one. Get off the plane. He don't let everybody get off the plane. I'm like Jordan, What he be doing? I Let everybody grab their bags and go before him. So guess what I do now? I'm gone. I see you at the hotel. Are you? Wait, I'm not finna wait. Ash last year, where is Jor Ash where Ash was like, I don't know. He was right behind Me. He done got everybody. I'm like Jordan, you don't work for these people. He done got everybody bag down And hand hand them down. Ain't hand them their bag. Being a good Samaritan ain't nothing at, at times there's nothing. It makes you feel good about yourself. You know, because Yeah.


Yeah. He was good Samaritan. Hey, guess what? Guess where I be at the hotel? At the hotel in my room. By the time he get there. Yeah. You not finna have me because he already know the more I wait people done got the plane right? They done saw me. They want to take pictures, they wanna take autograph. Okay, I see what you mean. I said, hey, don't worry about it. Well Jor, she look like Jordan's in the back. That's where he's supposed to be. Give me a good head start. Right. I got a reason to leave his ass now. Oh no. Mm mm Some days I wish that I was the one.


It could be me and you and it would be so fun. All I know. It could have been you. Why would you leave me? Don't tell me no. Well you terrible Girl. Long as you know it's me. I don't care whether you see.


I feel good. Boy. Call Sarc first. This phone ain't on now. Well it wasn't on to begin with so I know we gonna have him on for the week out. I promise y'all that.


Oh yeah. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them noise. I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is Only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting Better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of rivalry. Caitlin Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus On. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is Only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese On the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York, who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if You Can. I mean the guy hood winked everyone. He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What prosecutors allege in the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story. My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like Why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football. The search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, Joe Baker Mayfield said Tom Brady Intensity led to to a stress locker room. The building was a little different when Tom was here. Obviously playing wise Tom is different. He had everybody dialed in high strung environment. So I think everybody was pretty stressed out. They wanted to, they wanted, they wanted me to come in and be myself. Bring the joy back to the football for our guys who weren't having much fun. Bakker said Brady had a very, had very different per, he and Brady have very different personalities. Brady would play mind games that included unseen battle between quarterback and play. Caller, you hear some of the stories about it and didn't play a certain call. If he, if he a certain play was called and he didn't like it throughout the week and they still called the play in the game, there might have been a throwaway on purpose or throwing it at the running back or the receiver's feet.


There's a lot of mind games going on. You got a problem with Bakker airing out secrets? I mean, no, not all. I mean those aren't bad secrets if you understand what it takes to win. And based on Tom's resume and what he's done in the past, it obviously works for him. He went from New England and went to Tampa Bay and won a Super Bowl his first year there. So obviously the secrets that he is letting out and exposing is a good thing. Now, it might not work for bak, but it worked for Tom and there's a reason why they got a goddamn Lombardi because of those secrets that he's talking about. You mean to tell me like highly successful people want things a certain way?


Yeah. And they expect it to be that way. Yeah, Most definitely. Oh, most definitely. Most definitely. Especially those that know what it takes to win. Yeah, that's He eats his own. He eats his own. And you know, Well you should know you played with him. Yeah, I played with him. This ain't no surprise to you. Yeah, and then, and also the funny thing about it is the New England Tom Brady and the Tampa Bay Time Brady. You got to see his personality. You got to see the fun side of Brady. You gotta see Brady on social media. You got to see Brady, the content creator. Man. Some of those videos were creative and you got to see a different side of him that was more fun.


It was more relatable even if you didn't play the game of football. But it's cool. Look, I, I look I understand, I understand. That's how Mike Well look Mike, I think the thing is that like, like Mike allowed us to have fun, but we knew when it was time to work, it was time To work. Oh yeah. It's time to Work. Yeah. I made sure that because I liked the privileges that we had. He, he let us be loose, but it was my responsibility to make sure that when we showed up to practice, we showed up to walkthrough. Except that one day the, they came out there with flip flops and Tims on and walkthrough. Yeah. Mike say that is won't ever happen again. I say, see, you can't let us have nothing.


I say, y'all know better we gonna take it too far. Don't know how Mike is We gonna take it too far every time Me look, that's Baker told that I wouldn't have told it. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not surprised that Tom was wired like this. Right. You don't win that much by accident. Things have to be, because that's what he used to. Where did he come from? Yeah. People that were in the military, they normally have a very strict household. Oh yeah. Because they're used to structure. Yeah. Make your bed, put your shoes up, take your shoes off.


Put them dishes up. Right. Don't leave dishes in the sink. Put that trash away. Take that trash out. That's how my grandfather was. Right. So structure, I, I thrive in structure now. I come home and stuff is out outta whack. Why? I just need to know why, because I don't. Only one that's left, that's left for work. Right. So yeah, you see how you look. Yeah. That's, that's the look. That's the look Now you see. Right. It's gotta be a certain way. IIII work well with structure. I work well with discipline and, but I don't believe, I don't believe, 'cause you know, look, people love Tom.


I don't think anybody's surprised by this. When you win, like he's won. You see him on the sideline when things are not going his way, guys dropping passes or things are if they're not in sync. Right. So I'm not surprised one bit by this. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not surprised at all. Yeah. It's, it is not a bad thing either. It's not a bad thing. I think it, if we were talking about something that wasn't successful, what they were doing and still had that same approach to it. Where, where, where, Oh no you can't. Well I don't, I don't see our situation that you can be like that because ain't nobody gonna listen to you if you're not successful. Nobody gives a d There you go. So you've got to have a level of success. Coach Belichick, had he not won early in New England, you think they gonna listen to him and let him, let him get away with what he got away with?


Absolutely. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. And the same thing with Tom, because Tom had won so much. They like, well hey, what do we gotta lose? Yeah. We ain't won Jack in in 20 years. Here we go. Why not? Listen, That's why if you win, guys will follow you. It is easier to get people to follow you when you are winning as opposed to when you're losing. They're like, because O Joe, you know this. I mean we lose a couple of games. Yeah. Hey, stop sitting on your helmet. Oh. So that's why we lost the game. 'cause I'm sitting on my helmet now. Yeah. Everything, everything. Oh, Pick up the trash. So the team knew we had a dirty locker room. Right. Oh, they got a dirty locker room.


We gonna run through them, right? Yeah. Come on man. Listen. They find every little thing. Everything is why we lose it. Everything is magnified. The locker room was dirty when we was winning too. Everything's magnified. It is. It absolutely is. According to Adam Schefter, several teams have expressed interest in trading for Bryce Young. You're never gonna get what you gave up to get him. Despite the fact Dave Canales said Carolina Panthers did not intend to trade a former number one overall pick. He said you were gonna bench him either according to Shefter, although the Panthers have said they don't plan to trade young at this time, sources around the league believe it's only a matter of time before Carolina actually does complete a deal.


I'd like, I'd like to see him, I'd like to see a change of scenery. I'd like to see a change of scenery. Where he goes is very important. I'm not sure if he'll be a starter, but maybe due to injury based on where he goes. If a starting quarterback goes down and he's able to get in there with a, an adequate offense with a, a good supporting cast, then we can get to see the Bryce Young that we're used to seeing when he was at Alabama. And it's, it is unfortunate that it came to this. And I think the benching is so early and only his second year because of the impatience of Dave, of Mr. Teer and Dave Canales knows that, knows that very well. You know, the fire Frank Wright, Frank Wright, 11 games in, in the season because things weren't going well.


Mr. Canals knows that as well. He knows his lease is short that they don't continue to win. And he just felt that they couldn't win Bryce Young at the time. And he's gonna learn, he's gonna learn. I don't think much is gonna change with Andy Dalton at the helm too. No, you already again, Andy Dalton. If Andy Dalton is the answer, I need to know the question you're asking. Second of all, do you realize how far you would've set this organization back? 'cause if you missed that, you miss on that guy. Yeah. Now you're probably not gonna be in a position to draft another one. And. if you do, then what if you don't surround, if you draft another quarterback and you don't surround it with anything, the same thing's gonna happen to that quarterback that happened to this one Right.


To square one. And it's probably going to keep happening until they, they they draft. Right. It's probably gonna keep happening. And, and I'm, I'm not the way he treated Steve Wilkes after he turned that program around with Matt Rule. And you didn't even give him a I don't wish bad. I'm just like my grandma used to say, boy, I don't wish bad on nobody. Right. But I sure don't wish good on him either. Yeah. So I'm not saying I wish bad, but I don't wish, I don't wish prosperity either. Yeah. I just think he's handled some situations very poorly. I think Steve Wilkes deserves an opportunity to get that job right. And hopefully another opportunity presents itself for Steve.


But that was a very, that was a very, I mean, he doesn't have patience. I don't know how he thought he was gonna be a great owner without patience. You, you Need, because you gotta have that ocho you gotta have it. That's rule number one. That's rule number one in business in general. Get owning a team, being an entrepreneur, running a business. And now, now we talk about the NFL. Like you can't, you can't use money and buy your way into winning. It takes time. Yeah. It takes time. And then, you know, they, they showing the situation. I think his, his ex is dating Tyrese Max. I think they is. Like that's on his mind. You see what I said Ocho you think so? You see if you keep, if you keep your stuff private, if you keep your stuff private, you can break up in private.


Yeah. If you date publicly, you gonna have to break up publicly. And then everybody gonna start speculating. That's why he playing band. You know what, That may or may not be the case. Yeah. I mean, But I seen guys, they have no girlfriend in play like crap. Yeah. Guys be married and play terrible. I mean, we gotta stop automatically soon because somebody's playing bad. There's something going on in their lives. Right. That's leading them to play bad. Yeah. That's not always the case. Now that can be the case. Have I seen it? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It can, it can be a distraction. It it, it, it can be a distraction. So, but I don't think that played a factor. I'm assuming they've probably been, they haven't been together for a while.


Especially for her to be moving on like that in public. What You mean moving on? What I supposed to do? Wait, I mean, you know what I'm trying to say. I'm, I'm saying I know what I know what you saying. Yeah, I know what you saying. They've Been done. We just catching wind up because they, she's just going in public now. She's not yours. It's just your turn. I mean that's the thing. I mean, is there, is there a time limit on Joe? You break up, you break up with something, you break up with somebody if there's a time limit in which you can go public with another person. No, No. I, I don't think there's a time limit, but I I think for those, that, for those, Nah, you need to grovel. I need to know you hurt. 'cause if you ain't, if you right away, oh listen, oh you ain't love me anyway.


Hey listen, I forget about love. Forget about love. If she moves on right away, she was already talking to that individual, you know, planting that seed while y'all were still together. That's why the, you think that's why the transition and moving on was so easy because she, for one, she was already mentally checked out anyway and she moves on and moves on fast. That person was already in play anyway. And, if you smart lord, if you have a better understanding anyway, if she's willing to deal with you while you with me at some point, as time goes on, then you gonna get, you gonna get the same treatment too. So it's, it's cycle. You gotta be jerk the cycle, the cycle never ends. The cycle never ends. Hey, My grandfather used to say, boy, if they'll cheat with you, they'll cheat on you. Yeah. Hey Listen, don't let that go over y'all head.


Chad. Hey, Hey. Hold your Listen. I, I I, I've said, I I've said it before myself. I've said, I've said it before myself. Whatever they're willing to do with you when they're not yours, they will do to you. When they belong to you Will The psych, the cycle will continue to repeat itself over and over and over and over no matter what. Man old Joe that hey, you say they do what they do for you and they, you know, they knew because you say all of a sudden woman start working out. Grandpa say, boy, she getting ready for somebody else to steal naked Boy That hey, that's what you just slump out in that trail.


Like real. Yeah. Hey, that's, that's the wonderful thing in what we call life. And one thing about human nature, one thing about human nature. Human nature is undefeated. Huh? It is ocho undefeated. It is Undefeated. You can post as many quotes as you want. You can say everything you Oh man. And that wouldn't be, they'd be killing me with that ocho Man and don't live by damn bitter. They, They quick. They quick and Don't, don't Live God in my life. Don't God child What? Don't live by nan. Bit of it. Yeah. And got her head on the Bible and dude beating her back end.


But she god child, okay. Yeah. Okay child. Hey listen, experience 20 years of experience. Nothing is gonna get by. Nothing is going to fly Bro. I ain't, bro, I ain't got bro. Somebody say, man, that's not true. My old lady, 17 years when she was with somebody, I had, I had on the side to begin, bro. I I can say all I Say I Hold on, hold on.


What'd he say? I, that's the gone now. But he, he'd be okay. He Said he must have hit a nerve because he showed put something in the chat quick. He Yeah. Hey, he, he holler. Hey, since you Yeah. Since you think things so good. Yeah. Ask to see your phone real quick. Hey, You know. Hey, ask, tell her tell your old lady since she's so, she's so cool. Right? Tell let Yeah. Ask out the blue, tell let you see your phone. See if she hand it over to you real quick. Lemme know how that go. Yeah. Out the blue. Matter fact, everybody, they quick. Yeah. Everybody in the chat fellas. If you got a girl, just ask out the blue. Tell her hand your phone and ask for the password real quick.


They quick. Oh God. God. First Mo Hey Ocho mother two, mother three. God, first. Yeah, you on your knees. All right. But you ain't praying. Yeah, I You probably said, oh Lord, he killing me. Yeah, thank you. Slick. But Andre Johnson beating Corland, Finnegan has been recreated as a toy Ocho. Can we, do we have it? Look at this ocho. Yeah. I I Hey listen, I I saw the, I saw these early on, on Twitter. I'm not sure what this is made of. What, what? I don't know what this, this figurine is, but that is dope. It's live. That is, it is really, really live.


I see. I, I don't know if Andre, if Dre saw this, but I know he's probably gonna see it because he, he watches, he watches the show. Dre, you gotta get one of these Dre you got, you gotta get Hell I wanna get one and have, and have Dre's. Mine would be what you call them. Yeah. Get Dre decided. Mine would be the one I cracked back on Perry Phoenix. I had to get it. I Like that. Get I like that. Nah, nah bro. Hey look to each his own man. Ocho and I ain't trying to start. No problem man. Nah, nah. To each his own. Nah, Ocho. Yes sir. Check this out.


A woman's calls out. A ha calls out single successful men for not wanting to date single moms. This is what she tweeted. Oh, she said single successful men that don't date women with kids is so sassy to me, baby. How you know how, how you a grown man but scared of some kids. No, I'm scared of your kids. How you lost some kids to let you miss out on a good woman. If it was so good, the last dude would've kept you if giving, if giving you weak. You see how they hold on. You see how they try to use reverse psychology? Hold On. She trying, she trying to guilt trip us. I mean us trying to, but I mean, I really can't say nothing because I only date women with kids.


If you don't have But that's your choice. That's My Choice. Can't nobody guilt trip you into that? Yeah. So she can't be guilt tripping. So I mean obviously a lot of women, they, they, they, they think they're good. I mean, that's a great thing. It's, it's always good to believe in yourself and have confidence in yourself that you are the catch. But you have, but you have to realize that some point reality has to set in that if you are who you thought you were, if you were as good as you thought you were, those that had opportunity to be with you, you would be kept. Yeah. You would be kept and you would be put up. You got, you talk about y'all sassy. No. They just don't want to deal with Well, clearly when you met that guy, you didn't have no kids.


Right. Or you met somebody right before they gave you kids and they didn't want you then. Yeah. Sometimes people want their own collection of trophies. Yeah. You can go buy a trophy. Yeah. You could go buy trophy fish. But a lot of times people want to catch their own. I wanna hold a poll. I wanna really men ocho. I like that. I like that. See, that's why I don't have no, I don't have no problem. See the problem that I have in like, like, like some women, like if I say I want a woman to be this type, I want to have this kind of complexion. Right? I want to have, oh, she, he like color. See that the, the, the, the man doesn't let him know that his sisters ain't no good.


Right. But women can say, I want a man over six foot tall. I want him to be successful. Right. I want him to have X amount of dollars. I want 'em to be, this. Women can can say any, they want this for a man, but the moment a man say he want this and a woman. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Listen, it's, it's, it's a, it's a, it is a one way street for them. All women have preferences on what they, like. The men that they wanna deal with have to check certain boxes. And when it comes to us, we can't have a preference. And if and if the preference, yes. If the preference is not predicated towards what they look like or what they dress like, then it's an issue. It's an it is an issue.


It's the way it is. It's, it is. It's, But women all the time, ocho, I want a man that makes six figures. I want a man this tall, but let me say I want a woman between the, the height of five, eight and six foot I wanted to have long hair. I wanted to be light-skinned, whatever the case may be. I wanted to be this, I want to be that. Oh, you discriminate. You don't like this, you don't like that, but y'all do that. But, but women get to choose like, I want this man to be this, and it ain't no problem. Yeah. But the moment a man says he want a woman to be, that, that's what he's looking for. Oh. Oh, right.


But this, this, you, you also have to understand, listen, you can want whatever you want. You could have whatever preferences that you want or may believe in, but the chances of you getting everything and checking all those boxes are, Oh, you ain't gonna, no, no, no. You ain't gonna find, find everything, don't you? At some point, no. You're not gonna find everything. Listen, A a lot of women live in delusion. A lot of women live in delusion and not reality. And, and, and, no, I don't. That's okay. I want everyone, I want, even men, even the fellas. I want everybody to get what their heart desires. Yes. I want that for them. I want everybody happy. But sometimes And why you care. It's Just not, it's just not, not realistic on some time.


Yeah. Oh, you got a type. Yep. Sure do. Sure do. And you ain't in, so it's okay. Yeah. I, I don't, it doesn't bother me. Yeah. If I don't, if I'm not, I'm not everybody's cup of tea. Oh, Me neither. Me neither. Me neither. You know, everybody. I'm in my fifties. Somebody's like, I don't want somebody in their fifties and I'm in my thirties, or I'm in my forties. Right. Okay, fine. I don't want somebody that don't like to do X, Y, and Z. Okay, fine. Right. But I know, so me women can say, oh, Shannon, that's why you single, A woman can't pay.


So now all I ask just don't pass gas in front of me. Close the door when you go to the bathroom. Right. But you can want, I want six foot tall. I want college educated. I want somebody between the ages, the 30 and 35. I want somebody to make six figures. I want somebody. Yeah. You got seven things. I asked for two, and now that's why I'm singing. And you Know what's funny when you think about it too, and women, women that in the chat, I, I really want you to have everything you want. I want you to have everything that your heart desires, especially when it comes to men and whoever you want to make you happy. But the more things that you want, the more preferences that you, that, that you want in a man, the, the more the pool of men that you have to choose from To shrink.


Yeah. It shrinks significantly. They're making it seem like it's like 35 million men out here making six, six figures. Listen, you know, social media. Social media makes it seem like Gotta fake it down. Social media makes it seem like your options are unlimited. Yeah. But reality was set in soon. It will, it will. I want you to date. Look, I want you to date whatever you want because I damn sure am. Yeah. I, I'm, I'm hopefully my daughter in the bed asleep. I got, I I got lucky. I got lucky. Hopefully my daughter sleep. She be, she be trying to regulate. I say, I'm the dad, I'm the parent. Right, right, right, right, right, right.


About Tell my dad I need to meet anybody that you talk to. I need to meet him first. What? No, you don't. I thought, I thought you, I thought you, I thought you was off the market like Boston. No. Oh, Okay. Who told you that? Ain't anybody tell you that? I mean, sure. But it sounded like it not too long ago. You know? Hey, yeah. I got a simple philosophy. Yes, sir. Those that know won't tell. Right. Those that tell won't know. Oh, okay. Okay. I like that. I like, because Everybody, everybody talking don't nobody know nothing. Yeah. If they knew so much about me, they know.


Mm. I'm with you. But anyway, They don't, they Don't. Hey, you know, I, I got, I gotta work. I gotta work the Panthers, the Panthers Raiders game tomorrow. What you do with, You know, I'm doing the stuff with ea you know the, the man. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The Man. So I get, I get to be field side Well, for as long as I want to. But you know, I, I get to talk to the players. So I can't, I can't wait to see Bryce Young tomorrow. I, I, I gotta give a young bull, you know, a a piece of my mind, especially him questioning him, questioning himself. I just wanna make sure his head is in a good space. I wanna make sure his head is good space. And I think hearing from me, hearing from me would be really dope.


It'd be dope. Just gimme a little little pick me up. Little pick me up. Yeah. Don't, man, look girl, Don't ever question yourself. Tell about I looked in the mirror and Hell no. And nigga, Please don't ever do that, man. Man. I think the thing for me, Ocho, I just like be, let me, like, let me get like 10 minutes on the sideline. Speak to a couple of players. I need to go sit down. I can't stand that long, man. I ain't worse as, as Ashby laying down. There ain't a place that we gonna go. The ash ain't gonna be laying down. Right. I was like, you comfortable? She have took the blanket out the couch. She's sleeping.


You comfortable? The airport, he done got comfortable. Yeah. Oh yeah. For, that's thing if I, if there's anywhere for me to lay down and go to sleep real quick, take me a little nap or it's gonna get, it's, it is gonna get taken. Nah, I don't, I don't really like to do too much. I don't like to, I don't want want nobody messing with me. Right. Because I ain't, I ain't a pleasant person when I wake up. Yeah. You, you mean, you mean, you mean, you mean as the shake of the head? I ain't a pleasant person when I wake up. So I, I don't be, don't play with me while I'm asleep.


I'm Carrie champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game Is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is Only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting Better. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to podcasts.


Hey, it's Jake Halburn. We have a new limited series of my podcast, deep Cover out now all about George Santos, the Republican congressman from New York, who told a lot of stories about his life and his credentials, many of which turns out were not true. That's like, you know, Mr. Ripley meets Catch Me if you Can. I mean, the guy who'd winked everyone, He was very ambiguous and, and sketchy quite, quite honestly about what the company did and how it made so much money overnight. What Prosecutors alle, the indictment is that most of that $12,000 goes directly to Santos personal bank account. I would go down these rabbit holes and start thinking about like, what is the nature of truth? You know, like what can I, what can I actually like tell the reader is real about this guy's story? My phone is literally blowing up inquiries about saying, is George going to jail? What's going on? And I thought like, why are you doing this? Like, why Listen to Deep cover George Santos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends that a children's Christmas play, A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning. And a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Now it's time for q and a East Coast. Kev said two people you don't bet against Jesus Christ and Dion Sanders. Man, that was an unbelievable game, man. I don't know. We, we could have spent like a whole hour just talking about that game, how good it was, who they got next again, who does Colorado play next week? Ash. Who? Oh, they play UCFF in, in Boulder or they go to Florida.


Okay. They go to Central Florida. They go to Orlando. Oh, that's down the street. I, I might go check. I might go check that game out. I might go check that game. Vivian Chemy. But can the number of wins his team Travis affect his nomination? Yes. I think if he can get, if they get the six or seven wins, hell, I mean they, that happened. I'm thinking, trying to think the la the lowest, the number of wins, the lowest, fewer wins the team had was Paul Horning. I think they had five. Right? And he won't, the Heisman, I think if he could get to seven, I think seven would be a cutoff because he's having such an unbelievable season. I think seven wins could, could he could win it with seven.


Yeah, but normally they want you to have nine 10. What did Ja Jayden Daniels have last year? He had two losses. I thought. Unless you lost twice last year. Yeah, I think so. Oh, They lost once. I know they lost Alabama. Yeah, that's the only, that's the only one I remember. Didn't they lose the Florida State opening or was that two years ago? They were 10 and three. They lost three games last year. Damn. Yeah. See I know that because remember they lost, they lost opening last year. Okay. The Florida State. Oh, Florida State was good last year. I don't know what the hell wrong this year.


Yeah. How long did Florida State win today? I don't. Did Florida State even play today? That's the question. They had a buy. Well shit, they've been on the, by the past three weeks. So Vivian also said your daughter's, today's my daughter's 11th birthday. Happy birthday. Elena. Elena. Elena. Elena. I think it's Elena man. They be spelling these names so, so funky now. But happy birthday. Happy 11th birthday. Elena. Your mom wants to wish you a very, very happy birthday. Hopefully you enjoyed it. Had some friends, family and loved ones over. You got a chance to celebrate.


Got great gifts, Happy birthday to you, Florida State Cal Ocho. Okay? Okay. Okay. Relaxing said Shado Sanders QB one Dallas Cowboys Madden cover 26. How you gonna, how you gonna get there? And they just played Dak 60 million. Oh no, a baby baby. Brandon Holman said, how do you guys feel about the NC State's player spitting on the Clemson player? Do you think he will be disciplined? No, I'd handle that right there.


That's the worst thing you can do to somebody spill Spit on somebody. Yeah. That that's, that's the, You spit on the ground. So you telling me I you telling me I'm the ground? Yeah. That's what you telling me. Yeah. Boy, I, I didn't, I ain't, Hey Ocho, soon as he did deal bow Yeah. Right away He might have been getting ready to yell somebody's name. But the man, the bare fact that he put, boy please. Oh, he, they, they, they going, they going, they gonna take disciplinary actions. Most definitely. Do you know how nasty that is? Very Barry, somebody else's Smile please Out they mouth hitting your face, hitting anywhere in your body at that for that matter.


I don't play that. I don't look that don't even, don't even, don't even play that Hey there. There's certain things, especially like I said, I don't know, like I said, I can't speak to people that was raised in California, right. People that was raised in New York or something like that. But I'm talking about the south and being black, man, don't play with me. I don't even play them type of games don't you? Yeah. Don't do that. Just, Hey, let's just go ahead and let's just go ahead and part ways when somebody gets seriously hurt, right, because I'm gonna try Oh, spit. Oh, just thinking about that. Yeah, but, oh, but see that's the thing. I don't get Ocho now he mad about talking about don't spit on me, but he tear some booty cheeks up.


Make it make sense. Ocho who? Ocho Seco Johnson. No, that's different though. See, listen, you take the spit and you use it, you know, like a lubricant, you feel me? I'm gonna send you, I'm gonna send you one of a tutorial so you can Try it. And now don't you send me nothing I about to block you all I about your number unc. See you, you say as if it's, you said in a demeaning way. But if you see the visual representation of how it's done, then you'll get a better understanding on, on why you should be doing it. Yeah. So I have, I have some tutorials, man, on, on some things that, that you can do to evolve in that area of your life.


Yeah. Yeah. They, but they should, NC State player should be disciplined. He should have got his ass whipped on the field. Yeah. Right there on The spot. But yeah, yeah. Don't do that. That's, that's, that's, that's nasty. I don't even know what what would in today's time, Ocho, I don't even want what would possess somebody to even do that. So, because whatever happens to you after that. Right? It's Deserved. He's deserved because you know, the quick, the first thing they gonna say, well he ain't have to do him like that. Yes he did. Yeah, It is, it is deserved because I don't, my grandma used to always say, boy, I, I might not stop him from doing but I break him outta a habit. He might have had a habit of doing that, but I break that up. Yeah, I break. I get that up at you real Quick.


Well that's nasty. Cri Norwood Jr. My question is, is the Ravens is, will the Ravens Defense show up tomorrow? Hey? Or are they witness protection? I'm not a cowboy fan. It's A good game. This gonna be, this is gonna be a very, very, very, very good game. And one of the problems that the Cowboys defense has, they still have no girth in that middle. Yeah. They got Derrick Henry coming straight downhill. So it could be a long day for the Cowboys on. It can be a long day. One of the things for the Cowboys that they don't have to deal with, they're not dealing with a gun slinging type quarterback where they throwing the ball 200 times a game.


They going, they gonna run the ball methodically down the field. Play action. They have a few plays outta RPO. You know I got the Ravens. I think Lamar Jackson's gonna have a big day running the football. I got him going over a hundred. Yeah. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Hell, I got Derrick Henry going over a hundred as well. And because yeah, because the running game is gonna be successful. He's gonna have a great day passing the ball as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't Lainey Ray Ocho saw your, she said Ocho saw your OCHO predictor segment today. Who y'all picking for the Texans Vikings. Even though I already know the answer.


Ravens Cowboys tomorrow. Yeah. Texans Vikings. And you got Ravens Cowboys. Yeah, I, I I think, I think Ocho predictor, I actually had to pick, I I picked the Texans to win. I I picked the Texans. I like the Texans too. Yeah. I got a Texans and I got the Texans and the, I got the Texans and the Ravens. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you, you know what's funny What that even The Ravens, I don't see the Ravens really starting in oh and three, but I also don't see the Cowboys getting losing again like they did last week after what the Saints put on them. I think, I'm assuming, I'd hope that they bounced back this week. I'd hope that they They still one dimensional on offense Ocho Yeah.


They could just throw the Cowboys are B cowboys are built. You mentioned they don't have the size up front. Yeah. They're built to play with a lead. They're not built to be in there and catch and hold on, stay on block. They're built to get a lead and turn Micah and Delaw and those guys loose on let, let, Let 'em loose. Yeah. And if they can't do that, then it's gonna be a problem. 'cause if you go back, go back and look at the Cowboys teams that have beat them over the last four to five years. Right. Look at how they run the football on 'em. Go back and look at the Ravens. When Lamar went in there and they ran for damn near 300 yards. Cleveland ran for 300 yards, Arizona ran for 300 Right? Last week. Go back and look at the games in which they've been look at in the playoff game.


The, the, the Packers look at the year before, right. The 49 ERs when they, when they lose teams normally run the football on them. Yeah. Because they can't get the lead and just pin their ears back because you have to throw, throw, throw to catch up. Right. And so I, I'm sure that's what John Harbaugh is telling his club guys, let's just make sure we don't fall behind. Let's just make sure, hey, let's just put our weight on them. We're the more physical of the team, right? We can run the ball better. Let's just impose our will and let's see what happens. So I like the Ravens and I like the, the Texans.


Yeah. Nate Harper said UNC and Ocho, thank you for your prayers. When my fiance Ashley was out was was in the hospital. She's finally coming. She's finally out and recovering. Today is our 10th anniversary of Love Being together. Can you give us another shout out? Love you guys. Hey Nate, that's unbelievable. Thank you Ashley. Congratulations. I'm glad you're out of the hospital. Yeah. Hopefully you're wishing you a very, very speedy recovery. That's a great story. Nate, y'all got 10 years down, another 25, 30, 40 more to go. Yeah. So keep us updated, Ashley. Like I said, Nightcap Uncle Ocho. We're very, very excited that you're outta the hospital feeling better fast recovery and look forward to hearing from you guys soon down the road.


Jason said what? What's up Uncle Ocho? I was wondering if y'all could give me a birthday. Shout out. Love this show. Never Stop doing what y'all doing. Hey Jason. Thank you guys because it's people like you Jason. Yeah. You guys have support us. I remember the first, the first show. I think we might have had a thousand people in the chat. For real. Yeah. We had a thousand people or show a thousand and each week got better and better growing. Yeah. Got better and better. Got better and better. And then we, we kind of branched off li you made me start telling stories you like, oh what what about this? And I started telling stories. Yeah. And so we called the phrase, you come for the sports but you're gonna stay for the stories.


So, but man, Jason, thank you. Thanks to each and every one of our, our subs. Everybody that that watches that have told people about us, man, so many people like man, I love you and you and Ocho and that means a lot when you hear people and you like you listen to us. I mean, it'd be the Asian community everywhere. Everywhere it go. Yeah, yeah. Everywhere is no, there is no age. No there is no race, nationality, whatever the case may be. It's women, it's men, it's Asian community, it's the Hispanic community. It's obviously the, the our community Ocho man. And it, it just means a lot to see like, man, we're actually doing something that people, people like, well people that we care about.


Like there's some haters out there. We don't care about them. Anyway, Aaron Owen says, what's up Uncle Ocho during the draft process, besides Binghamton Broncos, what team showed you guys the most interest? If Seattle, You was going to Seattle, They showed the most interest. Right? But hell after you got passed, 'cause I, you know, after you got passed to like the third round, hell, you didn't care where you went. I went to Indy, I went to Cincinnati, I went anywhere. You just wanna get drafted now, right? And then round three go back. 'cause back then the draft started on Sunday and it was 12 rounds.


And so after you get to a certain point, Ocho, you just wanna get drafted, you didn't care. You just won an opportunity to show that you can play. And that was it. And I was very fortunate to go to a team and the Broncos that believed in me and I wanted to repay them for their belief in me had a quarterback that believed in me. We became very good friends. He worked with me, had great patience with me. And I definitely don't think I would've had the career that I had had I gone somewhere else, right? Because I don't know if a quarterback would've had the patience with me. I don't know if, if, if, you know, when Dan left, Dan started giving me opportunities. But Wade Phillips comes in and he hires Jim Fossil rest, Jim Fossil sold.


And he kind of built the offense around me and my skillset. So a lot of things have to go well for you to be successful, right? And I was very, very fortunate to have people that believed in me and helped me and in my success. But that was, that was great. Oh, I gotta say this again, don't you? Colorado Buffalo's win Colorado Buffalo win 38 31 in dramatic fashion, Shado Sanders throws a hail Mary that is caught with no time on the clock. They add the PAT, they go into overtime, they get the B baler wins the toss, they defer CU goes down the field, they score and they and Travis Hunter forces a turnover.


The ball is fumbled outta the end zone and the cu Buffaloes win. And they're now three in one, three in one, right, three in one. They play U-F-C-U-C-F, university of Central Florida with a chance to go to Ford in one. So I'm very excited for the Buffaloes coach Prime, Shado Trav, all the guys you played. Unbelievable Shado, stood in there, took eight sacks, a lot of hits, a lot of pressures, but he was un unclenching and he was able to do what he's supposed to do, which is gonna go a long way. I think that's really, really impressed the scouts because everybody knows that when you got a clean pocket, hell, everybody can pick you apart.


Yeah. But when things don't go well, when you, when you've been sacked eight times when you've been hit another seven, eight times when you've been pressured more times to still be able to look down the barrel. That's unbelievable. That was a great performance. And again, thank you guys for staying up with us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite number, 85 Liberty City, the rock runner extraordinary. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the legendary, the Pro Bowl of the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button, tell your family and friends and loved ones to hit the subscribe button and make sure you hit the like button as well.


Guys, every subscriber matters. And, we thank you for Marick and do us another favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast. From Shea by La Poitier, we have it in stock And. if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can check out an e-commerce site. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she, she Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84, 1 of the teams that I have on 84 being spelled out, the link is pinned at the top of the chat and here it is. Guys, if you've ordered merch within the last three weeks, orders will start being shipped out Monday.


Yes. So do us a favor, let us know that you got your merch. You can, you can put it in your store, put it in a story, you can tweet us, you can do whatever you want to do. But let us know that you've gotten a merch and let us know what you think. We think we've got the best quality shirt, no shrinkage, gonna get great wear out of it. So we appreciate your support for all purchasing all Nightcap merch. We greatly, greatly appreciate that support. Again, Colorado Beats Bump, Colorado beats Baylor in overtime. 38 31 Travis Hunter, seven catches 130 yards and the game winning walk off force fumble. Chad Sanders throws a Hail Mary with no time on the clock and they win this ball game 38 31 to move to three and one again, I think we have 50,000 in the chat.


Thank you. We're back tomorrow night and Monday night with a full slate of NFL games tomorrow. And then the Monday night matchup on Monday. I'm he's Ojo. You are out for tonight. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke


Hey. there it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.