
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story.


There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, All the biggest Slack artists that on the Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Stick to sports, shut up and dribble despite what some people believe sports and politics have mixed from the beginning. Now you have a podcast that isn't afraid to explore the complicated relationship between sports and politics with a new podcast called Politics With Me, Jemele Hill. I'll be discussing political, social, and economic issues through the lens of sports with some of the biggest names and smartest people.


So here's the assignment. Listen Topos on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast. Let's get political. What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager. In each episode of this season, I'm gonna empty my proverbial notebook and take you inside and behind the scenes on the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. You see, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music is awesome, incredible, very good. It's very kinda like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne, the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the House. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown. Go to drafting sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As the Steelers take down the Jets at home in Russell. Wilson's first game as a Steeler 37 15, they dominated the game on both sides of the football and they win 37 15. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite, 85. He's from Liberty City, the Cincinnati bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro bowler, the all pro, the Nightcap hoodie wearing, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you guys can call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Every subscriber matters, every person counts. Thank you guys for supporting us, for holding us down and helping us get to where we've gotten so far. So we greatly, greatly appreciate your support and we appreciate your continued support. Please make sure you go check out Shade by La Porter. We have it in stock. Our goal is to be in between 14 and 16 states at the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or city near you, you can order it. We do have it in stock and we'll ship it right to you. The turnaround will not be that much. Probably somewhere between two and five days. So again, thank you for your support. Please make sure you go follow my media company platform or my media company page on all platforms.


That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The the hoodie that OCHO is wearing, the UNC and OCHO tees are back in stock. People have started receiving their orders and we appreciate that, letting you know that you have received your orders. Guys, we understand that like we had a, we had a lot of orders and there are some mis sizes. Some people ordered a three x and they got a two x. Some people order a two X, they got a three, some people order a two X and they needed a three x or vice versa, whatever the case may be. Guys, we're going to get that as rectified as quickly as possible. We understand? Look, we would love to have everything shipped out on time.


Everybody get the size that they ordered, but you and I both know that's not how it worked. I'm sure you ordered something before and you didn't get the size that you requested. We're sorry for any inconvenience we might have called. There are also some people that, that ordered some things and said some, well, we didn't order this. I find that very hard to believe that all of a sudden we got your address arbitrarily and sent you a a a Nightcap merchandise. Guys, if you don't like the product, just return it and we'll refund the money. We're not, we're not gonna go haggling back and forth. Well, I didn't order this and I didn't order that. Y'all know you ordered the product, okay? You don't like it, that's okay too. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.


But appreciate Whoa, whoa. What you mean you don't like it? We, whatever the case may be, Ocho, we want everybody to be happy. If you got something that you not happy with, just return it and we'll refund the money. No questions asked. We're not gonna haggle. Go back and forth. You and I both know what you ordered, how much of it that you ordered, but because you're not happy with the product for whatever reason, we don't really care the reason we want you to be happy. And if you're not happy with the product, we'll gladly refund your money. Just return the product and we'll refund the money. So, thank you Ocho. Let's get right into the ball game. The Steelers beat the Jets 37 15. They got a great night from Najee Harris back to back a hundred yards.


Game 21 rushes a hundred yards, 102 yards, one touchdown. Russell Wilson, 16 of 29, 2 64, 2 touchdowns. George Pickett had his best game of the season. Ocho five for a buck 11 and a couple of circus catches and one touchdown fry mute. Two catches 51 yards and a great one hand catch to keep a driver alive. The Steelers played extremely well. They took the ball away from the Jets. Yeah, twice. And they roll at home. 37, 15. Okay, who Was the who? The quarterback. Okay, what you like, who was the quarterback Knight? Russell. Russell. Yeah, Russell Wilson. And I'm not talking about Russell, I ain't talking about the basketball Russell. I'm not talking about Russell Athletic. I'm talking about motherfucking Russell Wilson.


Let him cook. Okay? That's what he was doing tonight. He was cooking. I told you, I told you. Listen, he should have been the starter. Justin Fields played. Well, let me, let me start, let me start with that chat. Justin Fields played extremely well, but tonight because of the running game, and obviously the receiver stepped up tonight and played very well. Well, the passing game looked very good tonight. The little moon balls, he kept throwing the little floating balls. George Pickens, George pick the 50 50 ball. He coming down with that thing every time, every time that guy defense was suffocating though. That guy damn Steel, his defense was suffocating tonight. They looked really good on offense.


They looked really good on defense. I didn't see, I didn't see ju, I didn't see TJ wa enough. I didn't see, I didn't see him enough. The judge did very well, somewhat. They did a great job of chipping in Mocho. If you notice Breed Hall, the tiny everybody. I'm not gonna let him beat me. Everybody. Hey Beanie. God damn. What's the nigga name? The rookie? The beanie. Oh, 31 Bishop. Bishop. You said Beanie Beanie Bishop, right? Beanie Bishop. Yeah. Beanie Bishop Junior. Number 31. That young Fella there. That young isn't nice, huh? He's nice. Like Yeah, I'm talking about he's so nice and IIII hate to, I hate to do the comparison. For some reason he remind me of got there and Brian Branston tonight.


He was all over the field. He was everywhere. Make him play after play. And this is just not, this is not the first time I seen him stand out on film or stand out on TV with that playing defense. That motherfucker nice. Right? So Beanie Beanie, how you say it? I don't wanna, I don't wanna mess up his name. Benny Bishop. Be Bishop Bishop Jr. Boy, if you see this boy, you the real deal boy. Holler at your boy. Boy. You the real one. Other than that, the Steelers are good. Huh? I told you all the people talking shit. Why you got Rush star? Why they, why they bitches Justin Fields. They're, they're winning tonight. Now you saw why let Russell Wilson Cook? Lemme ask you, lemme ask you a question. If the Steelers take the ball away like they did tonight with Justin Fields like they've done because they had a winning record when Justin Fields was in there, and they make a concerted effort.


Now, this was the first game, if you notice, they made a concerted effort to get George Pickens the ball. You said y'all need to drill the ball to George Pickens. Y'all need to put the ball. They Least they watched the show. Huh? Mike Tom watched the show. Okay, well then why did he do that with Justin Fields? Justin Fields said, why y'all make a concerted effort to so have me throw the ball? But you gotta admit this Ocho a couple of the catches, the catches that he was making, the catches that Friar Mo was making. I'm like the dude, the ball hit the guy on the back of the shoulder pads. He catches the guy, pulls it out, pulls it out, it pops out. He catches it again. Yeah. Now he gonna make the one thing about that young man. Now he gonna make circus catches.


He, every Time He have a lack of concentration lapse and judgment and drop a routine easy pass. And you're like, bro, I just saw you take one up the top of your shoe from behind your back. How you drop this? When did you Right between the one and the four. But if you look at the way they ran the ball ocho tonight with Naje Harris, and you know What? Ni and you know what Najee Harris remind me of on who, like, his gate is small. He does, you know, his, his running gate is small. He not fast. He's, I I I don't, I don't know how to fucking explain it. Remember when Marion, Bobby used to tote the rock? Yeah. I Swear for God, him Marion Bob, they run angry, but they smoke as hell.


Yes. The way they run. Yes. You know, it's not s like, you know, when Pacheco run, you could tell like he, like, he trying like, like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like A smooth, like organized chaos type anger the way Najay Harris and M Barber run the ball. He look good tonight too. He look good tonight. Yeah. But you know, give the Steelers credit. I mean, Mike Tomlin, he knows what was at stake. They needed to win this game. They had to win this game. You make a decision like that when the guy, it's not like you lost games because Justin Fields played bad. And I think the thing is that you minimizing, they still minimizing. They're not gonna take, they're not just gonna spray the ball all over the field. That's not the type of offense that they have.


Give Arthur Smith credit, if you notice they started the game off with what? Play, play action. Boom. Let's slow, let's slow this path. Rush down Ocho and let's, let's settle in. I have a Question. Go ahead. Even though it's not their offense. Go ahead. I think you think about the offense Steelers had when they had, when they had Ben Broberg, when they threw the ball all, all over the place. Yeah. I think now they're going back to the old Scott, the old school style of two thousands. Jerome Betis Willie Parker. Yeah. You know, running the ball and when you run the ball first open up the pass. But I think the fact that you have a Russell Wilson who come from offense, where he can facilitate the ball and throw all the throws, whether they be short, intermediate, or deep, I think the playbook opens up a little, a little bit more As opposed, as opposed to if Justin Field was in there quarterback.


I think I, I, I think just based off experience alone, It is really, it is really hard to say Ocho because the Steelers really dominated this game. I mean, once they got into the game, they settled in. They really dominated my only concerns. Yeah. And I've said this and everybody talking about, oh, all they need is a quarterback. I said, let's just say for the sake of argument, just defense can't hold people to 10 and 13 points. Yeah. Then what I said, now, if you go study history, if you look at historically great defenses, if you look at really good defenses, they don't stay good. Everything. I mean, you go look at the 2000 Ravens, the 2001 Ravens had a good defense. They weren't 2000. Go look at the oh two bucks.


The oh three bucks had a good, they weren't the oh two bucks. Go look at the Legion of boom, the year they beat the Broncos in New York in the Super Bowl the next year. They were good. They weren't that. And so all I'm saying is what happened if they have a little slippage, because you are saying that our defense is good enough to hold us down, all we need is a quarterback. Well, there are times that Aaron Rogers look, he don't look like the old Aaron Rogers. He looks like an old Aaron Rogers Right now. Now, one thing I will say is the just defense isn't the jet defense that we're used to seeing. They, they, they were, they, they were shaking the night. Sometime they'll, they'll, they'll have spurts and where they look good, the Jets offense throughout the entirety of the season.


Sometimes Aaron Rogers look like Aaron Rogers and sometimes he doesn'ts. So the offense as well, it has flashes and spurts of Oh shit, it's gonna be nice. Yeah. Or they have a great offensive series. Then they have four series where it look like, well, what the hell y'all doing? Y'all look, y'all look, y'all look lost out there. So when they get to a point, when they get to a point unc, when the defense could put it together like we were used to seeing last year, and the offense plays a little bit more consistently, just, just a little bit more consistently, you know, make some of those catches, make some of those throws, convert some of those third downs. I think they'll be all right. But they need to get it done. They need to get it done. Now, Breeze Hall it now Breeze Hall, 12 for 38, they have 15 carries for 54 yards.


What, what, what am I gonna do with that Ocho? You're not Gonna be able to, nothing That puts, so, that puts so much pressure on Rogers. And listen guys, it's okay. He's not what he once was. He's not, he's not like you, you said, oh, he has a, he has some good moments. He hasn't played a clean game. No, no. We're used to seeing Aaron Rogers played great for the entirety of the game. He's not one of these guys that he played like, like a moment here or moment there. That's Aaron Rogers. He's historically great. He's Transcendently great, great. He hasn't been that. They need him to be that. Yeah, that's what they, that's what they gave what they gave up.


That's why they gave it up By Joe. Right. But you know what, also, if Aaron Rogers to you based on what you see based on hell, what, what, what all of us have seen is he's still good. He still has flashes of greatness and shows it. But the fact that he's not the Aaron Rods he used to be, and that means the people around him have to be that much better. The people around him have to be a little bit more consistent than he is. So sometimes the receivers, I need you to say the day, sometimes the ball might be off a little bit. I need you to say the day, sometimes you gotta save your quarterback because he is not the same as he used to be. As opposed to back then, if it was the old Green Bay, Aaron Rogers. You know what I'm gonna say, y'all? Yeah. Don't worry about it. I got it Now this time I'm a little older and now I'm not the same as I used to be.


I need you to have my back. I agree with you. I I, I agree with you. And it's been, I mean he's 40. He's coming off a serious injury. He is on a different team. He's not in Green Bay. This is a different person in his ear. You know, for the longest time it was Nathaniel Hackett for the first four or five games. And now he has a different someone. Todd Downing, I think that's his name. That's in his ear. Right. It's different. It's different. He's different. And it's okay to admit that. I mean, what we've gotta get out doing Ocho a lot of times when we critique a historically great player.


Yeah. If we say he or she is not playing well currently people think like you're trying to diminish what they've already done. I can't take those, we can't take those MVPs away from Aaron Rogers. We can't take that Super Bowl away from him. We can't take away those all pros all the times. He's gone to the Pro Bowl. We're talking about in the game. We're talking about this season we're talking about right now. So I need my, my viewing and listening audience to get out of that thinking, that thought process. Because we say a person is not playing well. It doesn't diminish what he or she has already accomplished. We're talking about right now. That's what we're critiquing. We're not critiquing their career. There'll be a time and a place where they'll say, okay Ocho what do you think about this person's career?


Now we have to bring in everything in its totality. But at currently all we're talking about is this year we're talking about the 2024 jets. We're talking about the 2024 Aaron Rogers. We're not talking about that. The Aaron Rogers that's won the MVP. We're not talking about the Aaron Rogers that went to and won a Super Bowl and what the Super Bowl. MVP. We're not talking, we're only talking about 2024. Aaron Rogers and how and why he's not playing up to par and why the Jets aren't better than what they are. That's the only thing we're talking about. I see you out there, Russ. So I see you cooking. Boy, He played well. He was 6 20 29.


2 64, 2 touchdowns, no interception. A clean game. 36 rush attempt for the Steelers. 1 49, 2 touchdowns. George Pickens, by far had his best game of the season. Five catches for a buck 11 and one touchdown long of 44 0 9 targets. He played extremely well. They played extremely well. They did a great job of neutralizing the Jets Pass rush and give those guys, give the Steelers credit. They say they have the same record five and two. They're the same record with the the Ravens. Right. The Ravens play. Tomorrow night they play Tampa. That's Gonna be eight. That's gonna be a good game tomorrow night. Boy, it's a doubleheader though. I hate when they do the doubleheader. 'cause now we supposed, how we, yeah, what game we supposed to watch?


I'm watching The Ravens and The Bucks. Who's the, who's, Who's out the game? You got back? You only got one tv. You ain't got two TVs in the same, Why would I two? Whoa, whoa. Your Time by time out. Why would I have multiple TVs running and that calls a spike in my goddamn light bill. Why? Why would I do that? Well, because that's a part of your job that's like, well, why would I, why would I, why would I buy a nice outfit to go to work? Why would I buy a nice, because that's your job requires you to have slacks or khakis and a button and a and a and a college shirt. Right? But No, listen, on my, on my tv, I don't know what kind of TV you got, but my TV got puck. I mean PPIP.


It's called Picture in Picture. Okay. Yeah. Do that. Yeah. I'm gonna see if it worked. But who is the second game? Who The other game. Don't start me to lying. Ar Arizona. Arizona in the charger. I think, Oh hell nah. Ain't who finna be watching that unless you, We, we gotta talk about it. We go. We gotta be watching it because we gonna talk about it. Meh.


If you're a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally. But don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What Was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call the person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love Her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager from the NFL Network's. Good morning Football and Fox's NFL kickoff show. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager, the podcast you find right here in each episode of the season. I'm gonna take you inside and behind the scenes of the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. We're bringing the top GMs top coaches, the young coordinator you're getting to know. And we're gonna give you the story behind the story that you're probably not getting anywhere else. Like all Pro Jets, cornerback Sauce, Gardner, You know, as a defense we looking forward to adding, knowing where we left off last season and just continuing to get better. Like first year Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator, Zach Robinson Bijon. You can give this guy a ball every single play and he's gonna make a play. See, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music is awesome. Quick on a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Bucks and the Ravens. I see you Russ. Hey Mike Toon. I know you gonna see this too 'cause I know you, I know you be watching the show. Thank you for listening to me. Get George picking the ball. Yes, I Feel great. Ocho the 49 ERs remain the only the lone unbeaten as they go to Levi Stadium and take down the 49 ERs. 28 18 Mahomes threw two interceptions against the 49 ERs. He has eight on the seasons. One was deflected on the deflected pass. The other was when Xavier worthy fell on the route. He has six passing touchdowns and through six games this season.


KC Defense continues to stifle its opponent until Sunday. Mark the 27th consecutive game in which the Steeler Steelers, the Chiefs have allowed 28 of fewer points on Sunday. They stymied the 49 ERs run game, putting the ball in Brock Purdy's hand. And we already know Spas, debunk pressure forced another three interceptions. Didn't purdy have like three How many interceptions you had last week? Brock Purdy, 17 to 30. One, two. 1, 2, 3. Three interceptions. Zero touchdowns. A QBR of 13 Mason. They had brought, had 14 carriers for 58 yards. Brock Purdy had eight for 27.


24 rushes 101 yards. Hey, Now, okay, I want, okay, okay. Okay. 49 ERs Tell us about Brock Purdy. He elite. Y'all been telling me he'll Elite. Hey Deebo out Jwan Jennings out. You got hurt. You got hurt. Christopher MCCs out. I mean, hey, I mean I'm not, I'm not taking up, I'm not taking up for Purdy. But how efficient is she supposed to be when your superstars are going like that? When the players that make that make that, that make that team go or make that offense go, what, what are you supposed to do?


That's like if you got an engine but it ain't got no belt. The engine run, but the car can't move 'cause they ain't no belt on the goddamn engine. I don't even know if that Analogy made. We don't make sense. But do you, It makes sense. But when Lamar didn't have receivers, we didn't give him Lamar No excuse. When Patrick Mahomes guys were dropping passes and they outta the game, we didn't give him no excuse. So now we make an excuse for the guy. He, that guy asking, I'm just asking. We were saying he is a product of the system. I don't begrudging being on a system to have Deebo and have I you and have all those weapons. I don't begrudge that. But let's call it what it is. Right. It's almost a situation like Job. He has everything. Let's remove that head.


Just see what he can do. Oh, Hey Joe JoeGon, get it done anyway. Man. Don't do that. I know we No, I'm saying job in the Bible. Oh, Oh the devil. Hey, that's my nigga job, but cool. Yeah. Book of job. You remember the day the hey the devil said, of course he go pray the the devil told you God. He's like, yeah, he gonna praise you. You gave him everything he said, remove that hedge and he'll cuss his baby maker. And and listen, that goes for a lot of things in life too, huh? Hey, some, some of your best friends, some of the people you think is your friends, tell 'em no one time watch what happened. That's what anybody, I signed 50 auto. I don't, I mean I've been, I've in the airport all the time, mocho.


And you know, they're like, Hey you mind if I get a picture? I like my man. I, I I I wish I could. I say, but if I take one, I mean, then everybody gonna start. But hey, nobody's gonna notice it. So nobody's gonna see me with my me and you standing side by side, my arm around you. Nobody gonna see me. Nobody gonna see that. And it's like, damn. Yeah, Nobody's gonna recognize you. I said, you did. I said, whoa Dang. But that's, but that's how it's Ocho and you learn to accept those things. You learn that every like the, you learn a lot about a per, you learn a lot about people. Yeah. When you tell 'em no, hold on. When you tell 'em no and when you make 'em angry, when you tell them no, you make them angry. You find out a lot.


Take it. I'm like, damn, I told you one no one time. One time. I say no. Yeah. And now I'm a mofo. I ain't ish, I ain't never done nothing for you before. Well God damn, I just, okay If I ain't done it, nigga. Sometimes you gotta start writing stuff down you do for people and then remind them later on when they kind of forget. When you say no. Like, listen, this ain't the right time for this. Right. I ain't gonna remind him. You remind, because here's the thing, Ocho No, because here's the thing, you just have to put limits on what you give. Takers never put limits on what you Take. No gonna take forever. Now they don't take forever.


Exactly. So I don't, I don't need to remind you. I don't need to remind you Ocho I really, there's only been a handful of times in my life that I've given something and I've expected something in return. Normally if I give somebody, now if it's a, a large sum, let's just say I give somebody, I, somebody I really know, I'll give, I'll say, Hey bro. It's like, Hey Charlotte. Hey bro, I need, I need your, I need a favor. Okay. What? Hey, say no more. What is it bro? Can you, can you slide me? Can you slide me a hundred, a hundred what? Hundred dollars No problem. Hundred. Hey, hold on.


Wait, I got a question before you even finish the story. Yeah. Now, if you have someone that needs a hundred thousand now, will they ever be in a position to be able to pay that back? Or, or how does that work? Do they have to pay you back or you let them No, no. Norm, normally what I do, gimme 50 of it back when you can And let, and let the other 50 go. I, I eat the other 50. Okay. Okay. You're a real one. You're a real one. I like, I like that. Yeah, I like that. I like that. Yeah. Like, because, because the thing is, look, I, I, I, 'cause here's the thing I look at like my friends, my true friends. If the roles were reversed, I can honestly say No. No question about no Question. Man. I tell the story and Buck bucket to tell you I had a, I had a Range Rover, I only had like 20,000 miles on it.


And I, I was gonna get the new, the new model was coming out and he said, man, homeboy, I said, homeboy, I'm gonna get rid of my truck. You want it? He like, homeboy, I would, I would love to have it, but homeboy, I can't, I can't afford that. I said, Hey, I cut you a deal. The blue book on it was like 60. I said, I tell you what, can you swing 25? I said, I tell you what, I'll gimme 25. I just got a another four year extended warranty, which was about $6,000. So it's about $66,000 total. I said, gimme 25 and I'll let you have it. He said, you for real? So he go to the ba he go to the credit union and it's like he gave him the bin number and everything and they pull it up and they said he only wants 25 of, that's my homeboy.


And I only charged him 25 because I don't want him to feel like, I want him to feel like I paid for this. My homeboy ain't get me Done. Right. Right, right, right, right. So that's, that's what I do for my homeboy. But normally if I give somebody a large sum of money, like somebody I know, not obviously my brother and my sister, my brother ain't or nothing. He ain't gotta pay me. He ain't never gotta pay me back. He can come get a million, he can come get a million right now. And he good for it forever. But my homeboys like people I know they good, they good. I, I, I don't ask for anything. But anytime I give anybody money, I don't expect it back because I'm only gonna give you what I could afford to give and not expect back. So I'm not gonna give you something that, Hey, I wonder we gonna pay me back.


Right. And then I don't want you to avoid me. Ocho. Yeah. You know how some people, you give some money Ocho You don't hear from, And all of a sudden You don't hear from man NoMo. Hey, when I think about that, I think about, I think, you know what's funny, I think about the friends I have like that with the, with the, if the roles were reversed, if I needed it, like, like I'm, I'm thinking about who is really in a position where if I was effed up, like they, they really got me and they like, it wouldn't be no. Yeah. What's this for man? I ain't got like nothing. Yeah. But if I Listen, I don't even, what Called? If I would call t and I was in an unfortunate situation and I say T boy, hey boy, I need you.


And he gonna say, what number and how much? What's your route number? Nothing else. If I call tj, who Za I call TI say T boy. Hey boy, ain't, hey you ain't looking, ain't looking up. Boy, the sun down over here right now, baby. That's how I am. Mocha, Can you put some down? Can you put some on the floor for you? Boy, I'm gonna pick it up. And TJ gonna be like, man, what you doing? He'll get here. Get on me for a little bit. Yeah, man, man, gimme your bank information. No questions asked at all. Yeah, That's it. Nothing. And and the same, the same, the same go for them. But they, they they obviously, But that's a great feeling to have Don Ocho to know you are in a situation that if the roles were reversed, I'm very fortunate, God bless me, God is what favor on me.


And I've been able to bless my homeboys, you know, like Bucket always, every game. He's always, I always fly out. I always, he go to the Super Bowl. He's been every, every, every major event. When I went to the division two hall of Fame, I went to the Bronco ring of Fame. I was bro, Colorado Sports Hall of Fame, the division two hall of Fame. Everything I've been to, he's been there. He's like homeboy, hey. And he be, hey, he'll call, he'll call Shelly. I want you ain't gotta pay for that bro. I got you. I mean he always offers to pay. Right. And that's all I can ask for, man. Hey man, I don't want nothing. Hey, he come up and stay in. Hey homeboy, I I got a ho bro.


Why you got a hotel room? Even when I'm not there, bro, you know you got a place to stay. Same thing with Burns. He coming through with his wife and he going to see the kids. Everybody stay at the crib. I ain't there. You good. That's how I am with my friends. They come, when I was in the league Ocho, they would come for the Super Bowl. I'm working 'cause you know I got the NFL I'm doing stuff. The N nfl, they there eating up all my food. I come home hungry man. Who? That ain't all the food. Yeah. But if I'm cool, I rock with you Ocho I rock with your hard. That's Listen, Because I'm very, for like I said, Ocho I'm fortunate and I know if the roles were reversed, ain't no question in my mind I could call them up and what I do for them, they would do for me.


Yeah. I got, I I got a, I got a small group. I got a small group like that too. Similar sim similar to that of, of your friends, you know, like Bucket and those that's been around you for a long time. You know I got my Cincinnati crew. It is that same, same for, I remember I got lost. Quick, quick little story. Quick little story. Yep. I got drafted obviously no drafts in April. So you know, you go in the following day and you're supposed to meet the coaches meet at, you know, for the facility. Yeah. So I did all that. I go driving around the city and back then it's 2000 I, the GPS wasn't on the phone yet. So of course here I go, I just venture out on my own. I get lost, I get lost.


I find a car wash, I pull over to the car, wash the per my homeboy Jermaine. Boy, I know a lot of people in Cincinnati might be watching Met Jermaine boy, man, I never forget. Asked him for directions. Told him who I was. Man. I just got drafted to the Bengals. But I'm lost right now man. If you could, if you could help me find my way back to the stadium, you know, I'd be grateful. He got in this car, drove me all the way back to the stadium, man. We've been friends then you've followed him back. We've been, we've been friends ever since. So now it's 2024. That was 2001. That's 23 years. 23 years. Yeah. You know, and if any, if anything ever happened or if I need something I could call him. I got my homeboy I grew up with, he grew up three doors down from me.


Rashard. You know, if you, if you're in Miami, you in the chat, you know, Don, anything I need. That's, that's great man. That's Even People that provide a service for me. Ocho Yeah, no, they're hard to, to find Ocho Years. It's hard to find. Like I said, me and Burns been friends 30 plus years. Me and Bucket coming up on damn near 40 year. Yeah. We were all, both of Bucket was my teammate in college started in 88. Burns was my teammate in Denver in 94. And everybody I was cool with. Everybody. Everybody I would call, I remember fractured my eye socket. This is how me and Burn got cool. I fractured my eye socket. And, and so, you know, I obviously I couldn't drive Ocho.


Man, I'm hungry. Everybody I called man. I'm sorry Sharp man. I can't, I got, you know, got such and such a time, got this going on. I can't, I said, man, I remember getting his number. I said, let me call. I said, I call it, I said, Hey Burns. He like, man, what's up? I said, man, I need you to do me a favor. I said, man, go to Wendy's. Give me a double. Give me a double, a double cheeseburger, fries and a a a a large CO and a Coke. He, he said, Hey. He said, let me get my daughter, let me get my daughter situated. 'cause I gotta bring her with me. And I got you. That's all I needed to know.


He could've said, man, I got my daughter. Michelle gone blah, blah, blah. Right. That ain't what he said. He said, let me get her situated, get her in the car. I'll be right there homeboy. You never forget stuff like that. Huh? Never forget stuff like that. And it, it, you know, It's Small. It's something so small too. Something so small based on circumstance can mean so much. And it lasts forever. It lasts forever. My grandmother in the hospital, my grandma in the hospital in Savannah, a bucket. Do me a favor, go by and ask 'em do they want anything to eat. He go by, Hey, y'all need anything? What, what's close by?


It ain't gotta be close by. What you want? You want carry here? You you want barns? What you want? You want seafood? You want this? Hey they, they good. They good. That's, that's a great feeling. Since Kyle Shahan. Since Kyle Shahan took over in 2017, the 49 ERs are O five against the 49, excuse me, the O five against the Chiefs. The night of situation turned dismal to disastrous. Jwan Jennings Hi was already out Deebo Samuels played three snaps left due to illness. Brandon IU went down just before halftime in what is feared to be a serious damn ACL Krisa. McCaffrey continues to be absent. Sha h Shanahan's offense was a shell of itself.


Kyle just lectured Brock Purdy for five minutes at his locker. Purdy listened, said nothing, never seen anything like it. It's tough. Oh Joe, it's hard to win in this league. It's hard when you are stars when they're not aligned, which means they're not there. I mean, you lose Deebo, you lose iu, you lose Jennings. Those are your three top receivers. So think about it. You barely, you barely dress fi You barely, you only dress like five receivers though, Joe. Five. Yeah, Five. You dress five. So now you got guys playing that they normally special teams guy. Yeah, they get reps in practice, but they're not really, now they gotta play Major Deebo leaves.


So you might have had six because Deebo was already out. So you had another body up. Now Brandon, I you goes out Di Deebo plays three snaps. Okay. I goes out Ocho now you get guys now it's easy. Oh, I'm ready. Damn. We playing the Chiefs them the two times Super Bowl champs. Yep. Oh, they good With a great defense. With a good defense. Some corner and some corners and safety that could play some guy the ball You dealing with McDuffy McDuffy, he doesn't get the credit.


But I'm not so, hey, I'm not so sure. They, they, I, I don't know who you think the best is, but he ain't, he, Hey, I ain't saying he, I ain't saying he top three. He ain't top three, but I don't know if he two or three. Yeah, that's all I'm Saying. I see. I seen him today. They call, they, they call the pi on him today where he ran the route for the receiver. He ran the route for the receiver. And I'm like, Hey ref, you can't throw that. You can't throw that. It's the game of football. Sometimes it get handsy a little bit. But if he running the route for the man, what, what, what are we doing? Yeah, it ain't my fault. It ain't no fault. My fault that he tipping the route because DB's, you, hey you start the lead if you wanna, they're running for you.


The funny thing about it is they were in condensed splits with a bunch formation and he ran the route. Normally I, I would think that would be a little bit more confusing as a db. 'cause you don't know which way people is finna go. I mean listen, that ain't, that wasn't number field study. Absolutely. I'm looking at the formation, I'm looking at the area of the field and I'm looking at down in distance that's going, hey yeah Ocho, I'm looking at the area of the field down in distance. So I look at your split. Oh, second it down. Oh man, you done tighten this split down.


Okay. You think, you think, I don't know what you about to do. Gotta be going cross, huh? Yeah. Now a lot of times, a lot of times when they stack it, they'll like to run, they like to run the outside guy. So they got one, two, they over here. They like to let these guys push your head, let him slide through because you gotta run over the traffic. Hey that McDuffy, that's one of the reasons why they kind of let Snee, it's like, okay, yeah, we love to have two, but this young guy coming and Ocho, he gonna have a, he gonna get, you gonna have to pay him a King's ransom. Now you'll have to pay him Mc King's ransom.


You gotta realize he was first team all pro and he don't, don't look like he's slipping. It don't look like at he's slipping. He look like he headed for another first team All pro. Not at all. Hell, hold on. Speaking of, speaking of slipping, hold on. The, the, the candid city, the Chiefs offense is slipping. I Mahome gets pad. Listen, you look at Mahome, you look at his numbers. It has TD to intercepts ratio. Hey Unc. But anybody else, if it was anybody else, but I said that obviously because it's the Chiefs, obviously because it's Mahome because he's the two time Super Bowl champion. He gets a pass, he gets a pass For some reason at the beginning of the season, they always look like this or his numbers don't look like what they should look like.


They still need another target. They need another weapon. Yeah. Need another weapon. I dunno if I seen Ocho, this Ocho, I mean this 154, these a hundred and forties for an entire game. He used to have that in the quarter. You, hey you remember when they played Tampa that year and Tyreek had 2 0 2 in the quarter? I remember the game. Yeah, I remember that. And the dude had three, like three 70 at the half we're used to seeing, I mean he has the highest passing yards per game average. He's like two, like 2 94 I think he only has one game. Yeah, over 300. He might not have very many games. I think the Super Bowl he had over 300 because it went to overtime.


But, but when you needed to make a play Ocho you see the run that he had, he get, he get away from War. You know what you talking about? Where he, where he pumped fake, he did the fake trouble. Yeah. You notice, you notice players are scared to hit the quarterback and now quarterbacks are having an opportunity to take advantage of. Okay, I don't wanna hit him. Yep. And instead of pushing him out or hitting him and make sure he goes outta bounds, he stays in and keep on running. Yeah. That was during our time man. He would've been over there on the sidelines, said we're under the Gatorade god damn cooler. Oh. Nor that's why guy, that's why guys is like, man, why'd you hit him man, you done made me run all over here.


I'm gonna lay his ass out. Them guys, them big guys, they don't like running all the way over there for nothing, don't you? And to see you run outta s Oh, I'm gonna get that lick on you. I'm gonna get that, I'm gonna get a hit on you. But give them credit. I'm not so sure that there's any other team that would be undefeated with the quarterback playing as bad as Holmes. He's not playing well and I'm not, you know, look it, it's, I'm not breaking news to anyone. You watch the game he hadn't played well. He's made plays in a timely manner And he makes him when they matter most, he makes the damn plays with it matter most. But the, the Mahomes that we're used to seeing the no Kareem hunters.


But God said, oh Yeah, most definitely, most definitely. The defense is carrying the Chiefs. The defense is carrying the Chiefs. Yes.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the World. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager from the NFL Network's. Good morning Football and Fox's NFL Kickoff show. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager, the podcast you find right here in each episode of the season. I'm gonna take you inside and behind the scenes of the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. We're bringing the top GMs top coaches, the young coordinator you're getting to know. We're gonna give you the story behind the story, but you're probably not getting anywhere else. Like all Pro Jets, cornerback Sauce, Gardner, You know, as a defense we looking forward to adding, knowing where we left off last season and just continuing to get better. Like first year Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator, Zach Robinson Bija. You can get this guy a ball every single play and he's gonna make a play. See, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan Paul Rud. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music's awesome. I got a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Stick to sports. Sports and politics. Don't mix or my personal favorite, shut up and dribble. I've heard these complaints throughout my sports journalism career, but despite what some people believe sports and politics have mixed since the beginning. Now you have a podcast that isn't afraid to explore the complicated marriage between sports and politics. With a new podcast called Politics With Me, Jemele Hill, join me as I fearlessly explore political, social, and economical issues through the lens of sports with some of the biggest names as smartest people. You might even learn something. So here's the assignment. Listen Topos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And let's get political.


The lions, woo. How's it? The bikes fall from the undefeated as the lions go into Minnesota and beat them. 31 29 Jerry Goff has nine touchdowns and 15 incompletions during the Lions current or game win streak. The lions have scored 120 points over the past three games are the most in a three game span since they scored 1 25 in 1997 with the Eagles in 49 ERs sorting through a bunch of early season issues with the head-to-head row. Victory of the Vikings in their pocket. The Lions are the nfcs team to beat. The Lions gave up 383 yards, but when it counted late, they got off the field, give it to their offense.


And guess what? Jerry Goff went down the field, got in field goal range. They kick a walk off field goal. Jamir Gibbs 116 Rush Yards, collected another 144 rushing. He became the first Lions player with 150 plus scrimmage yards and two Russian touchdowns in a game since 2011. That game was good, boy. It was Jerry Goff was 22 or 25. Lemme give you Jerry Golf Sta. So Joe 22 or 25, 2 82 touchdowns. Remember he had a game this season where he was 18 of 18, so he's 22 or 25 for 2 82 touchdowns, clean no picks. They rushed the ball 27 times.


1 44, 2 touchdowns on my run. St. Brown. Eight catches a buck. 12, one touchdown Gills. Four for 44. Khali Rayer three for 39 a tub. Montgomery three for 39. La Porta. The only one that didn't do a whole lot was Jam Williams. So it's so funny is the fact that you just said that last week. Jameson Williams went off last week. Jamon Williams went off and amand same ahman. Rosse Brown didn't really do anything this week. Jameson Williams didn't do much. And Amand St. Ahman, Ross St. Brown goes crazy. The balance. Jamir Gibbs one week. He has a good game.


David Montgomery doesn't do much today. I think it's the first game this season that Montgomery hadn't scored a touchdown. Jamir Gibbs was on fire. They were, he was on fire. I think they were able to do so well offensively because they was able to run the ball. It made the made the pass the game that much better. Oh, they gonna run the ball now. Every Time. Every time. You know, their, their coach believes in that. That's because running the football is a mentality. It's not about tricking somebody. It's about lining up and man, man, Imano putting a hat and moving a man against his will. That's what the running game is about. It's about an attitude.


Yeah, It's about, I believe that I'm more physical than you. And so now that sets up everything else. Detroit. I ain't breaking no news to nobody. Detroit legit OCHO talk, Talk about Aaron Glenn in that defense now. Oh, oh, big. They're getting Better. Hey Aaron, that defense, that goddamn Brian Branch. I know people, I know people, I know people probably tired of me talking about Brian Wr Brian Branch. That boy is boy. He nice boy. He nice, depending on what package he in, sometimes he's nickel sometimes it's their safety. Yep. Man. All over the place. They and they young. Yeah, they young. They got a Bunch of babies out there outside of Carlton.


Davis. I think Carlton Davis might, I might be wrong, but Carlton Davis might be the oldest player and he ain't even old. They look good. Terry Arnold, he, he out there, them boys had they hand full with Justin Jefferson. And they, they, they, they did an okay job. Seven for 81 hit him to seven for 81. He had eight targets. One touchdown. Addison had three for 66. Nailor had four for 76. But they did a job. Sam Darling was 22 or 27, 2 59. One touchdown, one Ception did great job. They press Aaron Jones running the ball extremely well again. Yeah. You still think they need to go get somebody to replace Aiden?


Hell yeah. I'm I I'm going to get cross. Oh, still think? Yeah, I'm going to get cr Can you imagine what that defense would be with that kind of pressure? Now? That'd be crazy. I'm Trying to, oh, You know I got another one. I got another one for you just to throw it out there. The number one pick that went to Jacksonville a few years ago. A walker. What you think? You think? No, No. I take, I take what you I take, I'll take, take over. Absolutely. I was just, I was just thinking Max Motor Max Motor Max have what? You can't Teach. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He don't go now.


He don't go. That relentless effort. You can't teach that. Don't Go 24 7. Hey, like a little like a college frat boy. He don't go. The trade deadline is what, next week? Next Tuesday? Or is it this Tuesday? Next Tuesday. So a week from Tuesday, OCHO is the trade deadline We gonna see. I ain't waiting. Ain't What? I ain't waiting. Hey, what y'all want for Max? I give you a first and a third. I give you a first this year, a third this year. And I give you a fifth next year. I heard, I heard Spike the following in 20, in 20, in 26. I heard somebody about, man, we ain't ain't giving, they ain't giving up no Max cr no first and a third.


Shit. The hell they ain't The hell man. You crazy. For what? Because lemme ask you a question. Tell me the player that you're gonna get because you're going to the playoffs and I believe you're gonna make a deep run. Tell me the player that you can get in the draft that's gonna be 28 or lower. That's better than Max Crosby. Tell me the player that y'all can get. Nathaniel. And here's the thing, he can't help you till 25. Max Crosby can help you in 24. So for me it's a no brainer for me. It, it, It's, it's easy. Especially if you, especially if you're serious. If you're serious about making a run, if you're serious about making a run, I mean, I, I would pull the trigger.


I'm not sure who makes that call. The Fords. Well, I mean obviously OB I think to let go as the gm, but Mark Davis obviously when you, when you trade, when you trade a franchise player like Crosby, ob obviously the g the the, the owner's gonna be involved in it. And because here's the thing, you don't have a quarterback and you might gonna want to, you might want need extra, some extra ammunition to move up to Go get one. Get get your a fire, make it a fire sale. Then Look, y'all don't doing it. You're not going, first of all, you're not going nowhere. You're not going anywhere. You know that. I know that. You're not going.


So I'm not going, oh, Joe, here's the thing. Now I can lose the house and then I can sell all the parts in it and then babe, hey, maybe move down and get me something next year. But I didn't finna let him take everything. So what I keep Max Crosby, he's already made it abundantly clear. I don't wanna be a part of a rebuild. I'm about winning. He not gonna win in l in in, in, in, in Vegas. Yeah know. He know that. They know that not. Yes. Yeah. Listen, the lions to the Raiders, Dan Campbell need to send ma homie Antonio Pierce a message and just text him, help me help you.


That's it. Yeah. Nothing else. Yeah. Help me. Help you. And I get him outta the a c go to the NC go to the CI Ain't gotta worry about you because I ain't gonna face you anytime because it's gonna be a wave before we get to a Super Bowl. So I ain't worried about him. Let him Rick shop over there. But I I that I, I would, I'm definitely, I'm definitely trying to, that's what I'm trying to do. Ocho. Alright, Ocho, we'll be right back after this quick. President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent?


I don't know. I mean, all I can say is I read where she was not black and then I read that she was black Vice President Harris, We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. Oh, what you looking at Joe? What, what's on your mind? What you thinking? Hey, I'm, I, you know what I was thinking about, what You thinking about? I'm thinking about, you know, the presidency.


I'm thinking about the two people who are running that we have the, we have to choose from. And I always thought, like obviously I'm really not into politics as heavy as I'd like, you know, I have, I have family members that are, you know, Don Lemon, you know, we're related. He's into politics really good. Mark Lamont, Anthony Hill, he's another, another, another cousin of mine. He's really into politics. Yeah. Like, I, I just, but I would love to represent the people, you know, that, and it's, it's probably, I'm not the right person to do so, but I would just love to be in that position of power, you know, to, you know, to to to be the president.


Like, could you imagine what I could do? No. You know, if I, if I was, if I was in the highest seat, can you, can you imagine the changes I would make? You know, when we talk about someone representing and being for the people, like that's me. Like I live by that. Like I really live it. I don't talk it like, you know, part of being part of politics is talking and selling the dream, getting people to actually vote for you. But what the people need is somebody that like me, that actually, you know, talk the talk and actually walks it. I'm really like that. Like I could just imagine, imagine my, my, I just, when it's time for me to give a speech, you know, and I, and I started my speeches with, you know, for the American people.


I just want you to know I fucking love you. And then I will get into whatever the topics are at hand. Like, I just, I would just be perfect for that. You know, I, I'm just, I just thought about that just after watching that ad and I don't know man, damn. Are you, are you, you know who you voting for? Or am I, am I being a little too nosy? I don't mean to be too personal. I'm gonna keep that, I'm gonna keep that between me and the ballot. I got my ballot here, so I'm about to go upstairs and fill it out. Make sure it gets, make sure it gets back in time.


Look, the thing is Ocho, you got a lot of be in politics. Oh yeah. Yeah. And, and, and you say you gonna be for the people. But the thing is, is that you need those big donors. Oh, I, I, I got donors now That's, that's gonna, that's gonna fund the campus. So so what you think they wanna return? What you think they wanna return? Oh yeah, I got 'em. I got 'em. I got 'em One, one hand rub the other. Now you got, I, I understand the political game very well now. But this, this is the problem. The people don't understand it. I don't think the people understand it. Now. I'm not, now we not gonna make this a political goddamn debate. 'cause this is Nightcap not a, not not Fox News or CNN but you know, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let that be We'll say that for another date and another.


Yeah, yeah. I can get into it. I can, I can, I can get into it. Good. I ain't gonna do that. The Packers beat the Texans 24 22. The Packers win on a 45 yard field goal. Brandon McManus who just arrived recently. This was the Packer's first win over a team with a winning record. The Packer's first four wins came against team that have a combined 17 seven and 15 record. Their two losses came against team that combined eight and two record. The Texans only previous loss came against the Vikings who beat the packers in week four. CJ Stroud had his worst game of his career, thrown only for 86 yards with no touchdowns. Josh Jacobs scored his first career receiving touchdown in week seven after having 211 receptions, 15 over 1500 yards to start his career without one.


Only Thomas Jones had more career receptions before getting his first career receiving touchdown in NFL history. Stefan Diggs spoke after the game on his beef with Jahi Alexander, I'm never the bigger person. I'm not letting it go. Yeah, yeah. That's what I, that's that's what we need. That's what we need. We need what the hell? That was a, that was a knack. I ain't got Nats in the goddamn room, man. Anyway, we need that. We need, I li I like that. So next time the the Packers and Thetan meet, we, we need more quarrels. We need more, more players going at it. You know, it makes the game that much more exciting.


You know, there was no fight, you know, just the, the chirpiness and the talking shit back and forth, you know, and, and the Packers won. The Packers won. I just think I, to me, maybe other people might, might, might not like it. I like it. It's exciting. The Mike Evans, the Marshawn Latimore type stuff, you know, the, the Odell Thurman, the Josh Norman, you know, type stuff. Like om tell Odell Thurman, Odell Beckerman, the Josh, Josh Norman type like that, that makes to me as a player, it makes me want to watch the game and see how they do. You know, on the, on the, on the, on the, I ain't stud that all, man. If you got that kind of energy before the game, I want a type of energy you gonna have during the game. I ain't got no time to be tussling and going back and forth all that.


I'm coming Feet just talking. Yeah, just talking. You know, it just so happened the Packers came out on the winning end this time, this time Packers, Jordan Love was 24 33, 2 23 touchdown. Two interceptions. He's turning the ball over at an alarming radio. Joe, that's concerning For me. He had two this week. Didn't he have three last week? Think he had three last week or something. And it's hard. Romeo Dobbs eight with 94 on on 10 targets. They got a great group of young receivers. Josh, Jacob, they ran the ball. 20, they only ran the ball 20 times for 82 yards. But it looked like they only had like 55 total plays.


You think they, Nobody really had nobody. I mean this, it is an odd game. CJ Strive was 10 or 21 for 86 yards. Hey, you think they missing Nico Collins, huh? Oh yeah. They, they, yeah, they, Dalton shows had one for 28 step on de got five for 23. See, I they ain't got nobody to stretch the field like Nico though. They ain't got nobody stress the field. And I listen, the, the package did a hell of a job defensively. They did a hell of a job defensive even be able to hold CD Shroud to just 86 yards and four quarters worth of football. You know, it's, it's commend, it's commendable. But again, they don't have anybody to stress the, the field Three interceptions last week or was that two weeks ago?


Yeah, I mean, I don't know if I've seen a game ocho with this few plays with both teams. Yeah, it just seems like both, I mean, 10 or 21 and 33 rush teams, that's 54 total plays that counted. So let's just say on the high end they had 55, 56, the other team had 53 total plays. So you talking about 110 total plays between the two teams? Hmm. That's crazy. Yeah. Last week. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, the Packers five and two, but they trying to keep pace in that division.


'cause everybody's really good in that division. Ocho obviously it's being led by the Lions who have lost one game. Now the La Minnesota, they have one loss. The Packers have two losses. The the Bears, which were on a bi week, they have two losses. So this the, I mean, you, you got the win in this division, you could, ill afford to fall behind and especially, you know, they, the Packers have already lost a, a division game to Minnesota. So you don't want them to have too big a obviously the one lost record is one thing, but head to head, that's something entirely different. Yeah. So congratulations to the Packers as they win on the last second field goal 24 22 over the Houston Texans.


The Bengals beat the Browns 2014 fans. Boo Deshaun Watson, after he goes down, what, what appears to be an Achilles injury. Injury Naus. You can see it through the sock and the replay playing. I, it, it just, I, we, we gotta go with Oh my bad. My bad, my bad. Okay. Okay.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I Shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love Her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager from the NFL Network's. Good morning Football and Fox's NFL kickoff show. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager, the podcast you find right here in each episode of the season. I'm gonna take you inside and behind the scenes of the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. We're bringing the top GMs top coaches, the young coordinator you're getting to know. We're gonna give you the story behind the story, but you're probably not getting anywhere else. Like all Pro Jets Cornerback Sauce, Gardner, You know, as a defense, we looking forward to the ad, knowing where we left off last season and just continuing to get better. Like first year Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator, Zach Robinson Bijon. You can get this guy a ball every single play and he's gonna make a Play. See, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Think is awesome. Quick, like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Immigration Reproductive Rights. Why former First Lady Michelle Obama will never run for president. Affordable housing. Exactly the type of discussions you'd expect on a sports podcast. Am I right? Only if you listen to politics. A new sports and political podcast hosted by me, Jamele Hill, a sports journalist who has spent years writing about and discussing the intersection between sports, politics, race, gender, and culture. Join me every Thursday as I discuss, debate and dissect the hottest and sometimes most controversial political and social issues with some of the biggest names and smartest people all through the lens of sports. So here's the assignment. Listen Topos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast because on sps no one is told to just shut up and dribble


The bingos win 2114 Jamus a Healthy Scratch comes in as an emergency quarterback because Doria Thompson, he gets, Nick Jamus was the emergency quarterback. He had to come in, he was five of 11 for 67 yards. Dorian Thompson was 11 of 24 for 82 yards and Deshaun was having a pretty good game. He was 15 or 17 or 128 yards. But he can't seem to catch a break Coach though. Yeah, man. Yeah, that, that's tough. He can't seem to catch a break. That's tough. That that's, that's that's tough for him, obviously. I mean, depending on who you are and how you, how you feel about Deshaun Watson, the football player, the football player, you, you, you wanna see him do well, you wanna see him do well outside of that, obviously, you know, the, the rumblings and the, the, the, the, the booing of, of him being injured.


Yeah, I don't, I can't get down with that. You probably can't get down with that. But you, you have to understand, you know, we all, we all treat things differently. You can't, it's hard to tell people how to react based on things that have happened in the past that have occurred. So it's like, it is tough. It's tough, you know, some people aren't, aren't aren't gonna, aren't gonna forget that. Not forget it. IIII get all that, but somebody gets hurt and you applaud that. Yeah. I don't believe in, I don't believe in, look, they have the right, they paid their hard earned money because in the introduction, when they, he came out, they had Nick Schu last, they booed him, they cheered.


Nick shove, I ain't got no problem with that. You have the right, but when somebody gets injured for you to applaud that, Hey, but you, you know how people are. Huh? Like when you listen, they don't, man, listen, if they ain't fucking with you, excuse my language, it don't matter what it is hurt you pass away. They, they don't care. You're playing bad. They don't, they give 2 0 0. You know what? They don't care. They don't care. Especially, you know, fan, you know how, you know how fans are. Oh shit up man. She, boy, I, I mean I can, I can might dislike something or someone, but I'm not gonna applaud mishap.


I'm not gonna have applaud unfor somebody getting injured or you know, somebody die. You know, people like die. Oh, I'm, I'm happy. Huh? You happy? Nah, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't operate like that no matter what I think of somebody, I don't, I don't wish death on Never that I don't. And I don't wish injury on someone because it's, it, it, like, I just, like I said, you paid your money, you wanna boot Aman Boot Aman. But IIII just, there's never gonna be a situation OCHO where somebody gets injured And I'm gonna be happy. Yeah. I I just, but again, you know, when it comes to fans and you know how fans are, they're very fickle, very, very fickle things haven't been going well in Cleveland, you know, for them, based on the quarterback play throughout the season this year through probably wanted a change of the quarterback position and, and just everything coming full circle and, and him going down.


And I, I think with the frustration from the fans and that's, that's what we got today. Obviously the stuff that happened off the field didn't make it any better. Joe, Joe Burrows 15 to 25, 180 1, 2 touchdowns. He got sack three times. I mean they, he didn't, oh, Joe, they didn't do anything spectacular. I mean they had 20, think about Ocho, they had 25 rushes for 59 yards. It was the turnovers that they got a, they got a hundred yard kickoff return and they got a short fee. You know, Thompson turned the ball over twice, but it wasn't like they did anything spectacular. T Higgins had four for 82. Chase had five for 55.


They both caught a touchdown. But that was it. I mean if you look at it 25 25, so again, another 50 plus plays, which is crazy. 50 plays. Yeah, but it's not how many plays it's making the plays that you have count and when they got the opportunities, chase made a guy Miss called a, a quick pass, made a guy miss hit the scene. He was in the end zone. Chase ran a great route. Joe threw a great ball touchdown. And you know, like I said, they got the hundred yard kick return to start the game With Joe Jones. Yep. Oh, that first, that first play on the inside. That was, that was the slant route.


Double double slants. That was t and it was Chase that caught the fade on Greg Newsom. You say you, oh you saw he hit the Tyrone Lou and stepped over. Yeah. Yeah. Boy, this is the brown. The brown got a real good defense man. I love, I love, I love me some Denzel Ward. Boy, I love that boy, that boy, he nice. He great. You can't over. Yeah, but the offense though, It's bad. And so, so who's James Winston gonna be the starter from now on? He might, I mean it all depends on Dorian Thompson. Well, Dorian, if Dorian Thompson is helping Remember James because today, today he wasn't even dressed.


He was the third quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, third quarterback wasn't dressed. No, they dressed him. Nah, Huh. Let's bet, bet $5. Yeah. Yeah. Deshaun went in. I mean, Thompson went in after Deshaun got hurt. Right. But I'm saying they went in the game with two quarterbacks. Jam Winston wasn't dressed today. Yeah, But I'm saying there's a reason why he wasn't, he wasn't dressed Ocho because you put him up, you put a third quarterback up. That means you gotta take offensive line. Defensive line. So in the, unless jam playing on running down there on point a kickoff or kick kick returns. Yep.


But I'm, We can't, we can't have draft. So Who, he's gonna be the starter or Dorian Thompson gonna be the starter. He Thompson got nicked. We don't know the significance of the injury. So once we find out the sign, he, he might, he could be the starter because Thompson injury is so bad, he might not be able to play. Then you have, wait, Hold on. I just thought about that. I'm tripping. What? So Dorian Thompson was the second string quarterback? Yes. Yes. What the hell?


Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. So there's a possibility if Thompson is nicked really good, right? Really good or bad, however you wanna look at it, he might not be able to play next week. And then you, I mean you won't have any choice but to put Jamus because we know Deshaun's not playing, Playing. Damn it. That's unfortunate, man. It's, it's, and and what's, what's Cleveland? What you thinking? What could have been? Dang, It's over. Yeah, it's over. Joe. Hey you. Oh my goodness man. Just like through the, nevermind.


I don't wanna talk about that because that's, that's that shit. That's shit nasty bro. Seeing that thing pop, you know when they do it in slow motion and you can see the vibration through the sock, the little rippel, I knew exactly what it was. Damn. The Eagles beat the Eagles beat the Giants and the Saquon Barkley revenge game and the season's easiest to see coming. Revenge Game Giants former running back Saquon Barkley rode in the MetLife stadium in Eagles Green rushed for 176 yards on 17 carries and a dominant 28 3 victory. His day featured individual runs of 55, 41 and 38 yards.


His 1 76 ranked second in the NFL history for a player against his former team, Cincinnati Bengals. Cedric Benson had 180 9 against the Bears back in 2009. Barclays 187 yards from scrimmage alone while the Giants combined 419 yards total. What? I don't get Ocho the Giants also pulled Daniel Jones and the loss, we made a change in the fourth quarter when it was 28 3. We had a hundred yards just to create a Spark Day ball. Say Daniel will be the quarterback going forward. Said Jones of the moves. I was frustrated. Didn't like it, obviously. What? I don't get Giants fans. Why y'all booing Saquon now?


Y'all heard the general manager. Y'all heard John Mara, they didn't want him. Y'all boo that man he wanted to stay. He damn near beg you to stay Boo booy boo. Your general manager Boo John Mara. That's how y'all should be mad at. They chose Daniel Jones. Y'all was happy and y'all heard it. Yeah. Oh, we gonna let you shop your talents. You can't tell your girl I'm gonna let you go shop. Hey, go on out there and see what's out there for yourself. If she find somebody and then you get mad, why you get mad?


You let you, you let it happen. You coulda said, nah baby, I got you. I'm gonna hold you down. Me and you, we locked up. We in this thing Black Lock. I won't let you out. Y'all mad at Saquon the man damn near Begg to stay. You could tell the man wanted to be a stay a giant. Yeah. I I mean listen, I I would hope the fans know that. I would hope the fans understand the landscape of the business when it comes to the running back position and the NFL in general. How they don't value the position, which is why they picked Daniel Jones over Saquon Barkley. You know, even with the great addition in having Malik Nabors who was awesome, you know, I mean, listen, it, it is ridiculous.


It's ridiculous. I wouldn't let that type of talent walk out the door. I just wouldn't. Especially when the quarterback play is inconsistent. If the quarterback play is inconsistent, who's the one person that could take the pressure off the goddamn quarterback? You know what all they gotta do hand the ball off to him and let him do what he do. Yes. But you let that walk right out the goddamn dope. And then he come back and he haunts you today And he dropped 1 76 on y'all dome and y'all booing him. Y'all saw hard knocks. Y'all saw the hard knocks. And then John Mar say, I sure hope he doesn't come back. John Murray was the one person that had the ability to overrule the general manager and he didn't do it.


See what he wanted to do. He wanted to make it seem like he was so disappointed because he didn't want the fans to be on him. You're the owner. There is not a move that can be made without your blessing. So you let it happen. Giants fans, you got exactly what you deserve. Y'all wanted Danny Crimes, right? So you got it Now look at it. Now look at you. The man had a, a nice little stretch parlayed that into a hundred plus million dollar contract. Boy got that bag, boy got that bza.


Hey y'all pay da Daniel Jones, 40 million. If you gave him 30, you'd had plenty enough money to give Sanon his and you didn't have to do anything because you could have made him play till the fifth year. But y'all extended him early. You made Sequan play his all the way out. You put him on the, as a matter of fact, you put him on the franchise. So that's it. So I don't feel bad for you. I don't, I mean, y'all got something to cheer for. The Yankees going to the World Series. Yeah, that's Yeah. Win the first game.


It's gonna be, I mean, they, they gonna come quick because the last thing you wanna be doing is overlapping the FL. Yeah. First game is Friday. Okay. Hey, is they playing? Wait, so man, they gotta travel LA back. La New the Dodge got the best record, don't they? Oh, the Yankees, they start in LA or they starting in New York? Yeah, they start in la Dope man. Oh, this is, this is the Fox. This is the dream. The Yankees. So you got New York and you got LA and then you got everything in between Who you got winning.


I mean, I like the Yankees, but I like, I like show Hay. I like Mookie, but I like Aaron Judge too though. Man and them boy, Boy be hitting boy. Aaron Judge Juan Soto. What's Mado what's, what's buddy name from, from the Marlins who be hitting home runs too? He be hitting him like crazy. Oh, Giancarlo Stack Giancarlo. Yeah. He may be smacking them things. Boy, Rizzo, they got a, they got a, they got a nice little, they got a nice little It's gonna be, it, it's going to be, I mean, if this thing can you, I, I can just imagine if this thing go seven games, right?


The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side in Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie. But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, All the biggest black artists on the Planet together in Africa. It was A big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Stick to sports. Shut up and dribble despite what some people believe sports and politics have mixed from the beginning. Now you have a podcast that isn't afraid to explore the complicated relationship between sports and politics with a new podcast called Politics With Me, Jemele Hill. I'll be discussing political, social, and economic issues through the lens of sports with some of the biggest names and smartest people. So here's the assignment. Listen Topos on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast, let's get political.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager. In each episode of this season, I'm gonna empty my proverbial notebook and take you inside and behind the scenes on the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. You see, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music's awesome. Incredible. Very good. It's very kinda like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schreker on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne, the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.