
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's


As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home. Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC equals housing lender licensed than all 50 states NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


At Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of well everything. Everything from First Steps to first states, from all-nighters to all time personal vests. From building pillow forts to building a life, Building life for all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. DS Ws is there. Is there. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or dsw.com.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Yukon Advanced to the final four for the 24 time beating USC 78 64 nearly Lee. Eight Paige Buckets Becker 31.6 assists. That's coming off a game in which you dropped 40. Sarah Strong had 22 points and 17 rebounds as they led the Huskies to their 24th final four appearances. Yukon is hoping to win the first national championship since 2016. We'll face UCLA in its final four run on Friday. USCS final four draft continues with tonight Loss. USC will head the next season with his final four drought set at 40 years. The Trojan last made it Cheryl Miller final season of the player when they were National runner up.


They lost to the Lady Longhorns that year I think. Yeah, Clarissa Davis. I think they were 35 and oh that year. But they did win back to back National championships in 83 84 because they beat LA Tech, the Lady Teamsters. So long drought, we knew it was gonna be an uphill climb would without Juju. Yeah. They was gonna have their work work cut out. Even with Juju. With Juju. So I have a, I have a question. If Juju was playing, do you think there was a chance that they would've had better chance? Absolutely. Yeah. You think they Still would've lost? I'm not gonna say that, but I'm saying Juju is one of the two or three best players in college basketball. Yeah, I'm not so sure. She's four three. If you get where I'm going with this, she's sensation.


I hear you. Absolutely. They have a chance. And we were hoping because we saw what that matchup was last year. So we were just hoping that came back again and when they were on the same side, it lined up perfectly. Okay, we're about to get this matchup again. And unfortunately we did. We did not. We did not get that. So it is what it is. Hey, Juju will be back stronger and better than ever. I don't know if she's had the surgery, but Paige say they exchanged information. Paige has torn her ACL, she's gone through this. There are a lot of players that have torn their ACL that can have, You know, have a conversation, keep her up. It's just a minor setback for a major comeback.


Reach out to Adrian Peterson. Obviously it's a little different, You know, football and basketball. But I have no doubt in my mind that Juju Watkins is gonna come back and she'll be as good if not better than what was before. So, yeah, but UConn UConns gonna be tough. UConns gonna be tough. They good. They be, Gino is as good at at at the college game. He's the greatest woman's college coach. I'm not so sure you're gonna tell me there are four or five men coaches that are better than Gino based on what he's done. Right. And with that being said, you never say never OCHO because in a one game anything can happen. Somebody get hot three, they can make a bunch of threes and shoot you outta the jail.


But the way Paige is playing, boy they got their work cut out for She's all, I mean, you remember when Caitlyn Clark went on that run the last couple of years. Caitlin Clark would blow to blow it up. Everybody, Paige, Paige Becker is having that type of game. She dropped 40 and then she drops 31. Ooh, that's, that's not, that's not, that's gonna be a a difficult, a difficult handle. Asie Fuds had not played particularly well lately. But when you get Paige playing as well as she's playing, You know, FUDS could go off and then the lady tonight, what was it, Sarah Strong, 22 points and 17 rebounds.


Huh? She's a fresh, yeah. And so now that tells me they're gonna, when you get that many rebounds on show, you'll get some second chance points. 'cause they ain't all defensive rebounds. She's getting some of those on the offensive end, which is that if she doesn't put it back, she's gonna give you an opportunity to get a lot of second chance points. So it's gonna be a very tough matchup for UCLA. But UCLA say we belong. We've been ranked number one. I think they've only lost two games. What? They lost two games all year. I think USC beat 'em twice. I don't think they lost another game Did they? Or did they lose the, okay, so they lost. Mean was Iowa UC Tennessee Or the Tennessee on the road.


So it's gonna be a great matchup. Can't wait to see it. Texas top TCU the advance to its first Final four since 2003. The horn frogs ended the first half with more turnovers. 11 than May field goal seven TCU finished the game with 21 turnovers on just 12 may. Field goals. Texas has that ability. I mean, I can see a game where it's 35, 34 USC and Texas. Right? Excuse me. They play each other. They know each other. They're in the same conference. OCHO Texas beat. Yeah. Texas Snap. Uscs.


SEC winning streak. And then, You know, USC returned to favor when they got 'em in the conference championship. But hey team two teams that are very familiar with each other, both of them play Outstanding Defense. It's gonna be a great matchup. We know what Don Staley is. She's been here, she's done that. They don't have the shoot. I I, I'm not saying they don't have it because they have the same women on the squad that made a lot of pow pow and You know, ploy Kiss can dominate the glass. I think Raven Johnson, they have got, they have young ladies that can make the shots. They just, for whatever reason, they haven't made 'em this year. So it's gonna be a very, very interesting matchup. I think it's gonna be, I I think it's gonna be a low scoring game Ocho because both of these teams get out there defensively.


What, what they, they, they play, they play Friday or Saturday? Both. Both are Friday. Yeah. Friday. Right. Okay. Let's, let's go To the game game. 'cause they, they, they play Friday. 'cause the championship game is Sunday because the men championship game is Monday. But it used to be the women played after the men. I think they did. I think they did. You heard me Car. You don't wanna go to the game. It's in Tampa. You don't wanna go to the game. I just asked. You wanna go bro. That's right down, that's, that's, That's Right. Right down the road from you, bro. That ain't right down the road from me. I know it's right down the road from me.


But I'm inviting you to go to the game And we can sit courtside And we can, And we could talk. We, we obviously we probably had a show. No, we don't have the show Friday. We could talk about it Saturday. No, we ain't Got show. No, I gotta be minute. I, I gotta be in, I'm gonna be in Virginia. I gotta a prior engagement. So I I'm inviting you to watch the game to sit Courtside. I have a prior engagement basketball. What? I have a prior engagement. What's more important the, the engagement or your co-host invite you to sit courtside at the game? I promised my brother I would do something with him. He been in your life all this time. You know, He, he gonna be in my life too. Alright, well, well hell, I I'm expecting to be here too, so I'm, I mean, I got a prior engagement, don't you?


And You know, I get my word. I, You know. Okay. Okay. But I, I, I invite somebody else. I, I Chan Chan. You wanna you wanna go to the game? No, He wanna go to the game with you. Oh, Joe, the New Orleans Pelicans have shut down Zion Williamson and CJ McCullum for the rest of the season due to injuries. What did we do Zion in 2019? 2020? He played 24 games in 2020. 20 20 21. He played 61 games. In 21, 22, he played zero games. 20 20, 22, 23. He played 29 games. 23 24 70 games this year, 30 games.


He's earned almost $115 million. There are 82 games season. Right. But hold On 82. But the 1920, that was the, that was the covid year. Right. So they didn't play a full season. 1920. Yeah. But he missed 21 games. He missed 82 games. He missed 53 games. He missed 12 games. He missed 52 games. Sir, I have a question. Who was it we just talked about where they did a test and decided because of his injury history, they didn't wanna sign him.


Was it the Lakers? If I'm not mistaken. Yeah. The dude from Charlotte. I can't remember his name. I know, I know who you're talking about though. Yes. Did, did, did, did Zion Williams before entering the draft, despite how great he was coming in, did he have an injury history? Was he injury pro? No. So all this is new. Yeah. But you have to understand, You go From playing what, 25, 30 games in high school. 30, 35 games in college. If you go all the way to the Final four, right. Trying to play 82 more demands on the body, more grueling, Hey, back to backs.


You ain't paying, You know, you're not playing back to back in college. You're not playing back to backs in high school. Okay, well, what's the answer? Because there, there are multiple there, there, I'm not sure how many NBA players there are in the NBA, but they've been playing 82 games for a long time. Injuries do happen. Yeah. But do injuries happen? Some people are predispose, some people have, You know, whether your held the way you, you're built, the way you run, the way you land. There are a lot of, there are a lot of things that go into it. But At this, at this rate With Zion, were, Were, you haven't been able to play have we haven't been able to play a full season yet today. But here's the thing. Oh, Joe, when you talk about a man his size, you, when have you seen somebody that size that explosive Shit?


Not like that. No. Exactly. And, and until, until, You know, I, I think the thing is, he, he's a little heavy now. He looked good. He came back to, said he was 2 64, which is as light as he's been since he's been in the NBA Light. Man. How the hell you jumping like that at 2 64? No, he was jumping like that at 2 84, 300. He's explosive. Shit. But that's a lot. I mean, think about it. You know, a planting, stopping and cutting, you were able to do that because you were light. Just imagine somebody 2 25 trying to stop planting speed out cut like you did.


Ugh. Exactly. Hey, listen, so something got do. Exactly, exactly. He is a, he is a, he has an 18 wheeler body, but he has a Ferrari engine in it. Right? And so he's so explosive. He gets so much elevation at some point in time, all that bound up and down, up and down, running in and out. And if, if you have to stay on top of it, ojo, you have to get your treatment. You have to make sure you icing your knees and your ankles. Look at, look it up. Look at LeBron. A lot of times LeBron, he got ice packs on his back. As soon as he came over, he got ice packs on his back.


He got his feet in cold tub. He got ice bags on his knees. I, man, I remember when I first got to the legal show, man, I saw them guys getting in cold tub and ice. I said, man, what? Get y'all old ass outta here. They said, okay, keep on playing by year five. So my young ass was in the cold tub. So, I mean, are are the, are the pelicans to blame at all? Or is everything, is the onus on this and the injuries year after year after year? Is this all on Zion? Just curious. Well, I mean, look, look, they, I mean, Ocho you can only do so much. I mean, what you do and what you do, how you eat, how you prepare.


Are you getting enough rest? There are a lot of things that go into it. Teams cannot watch you 24 7. You can't. That's where the really good players, they do it away. Right? Because if, if all you do is what's required of you, you're never gonna be great. You're never gonna be great. You see, I, You know, I, I was reading the quote, will I am said, he said, work life balance is for someone that's fulfilling somebody else's dream. You got work life balance. You paying for somebody else, kids to go to college. Mm. You paying for their second and third homes, that's not yours.


So what is it that Zion wants to do? How great does he want to be? Because if you wanna agree, great. And ask anybody that wants to be great, I'm talking about great, great. Ask him what their work life balance is about. Go ask step Curry. Go ask LeBron. Go ask anybody that wants to be great. Tom Brady. Michael Jordan, magic Johnson. Go ask anybody. Everybody don't want that Greatness. The ocho. Yeah. Talk about it all the time. Damn, I can't want it. You can't want something more for than somebody want it for themselves, Right? I don't care how much money you give somebody 'cause event, eventually that stimulus will go away.


If you're not a very self motivated person, there ain't enough money in the world to keep you motivated because we've seen guys a hundred million dollar contract, $200 million contract and give it all up. Just gotta make it to what's, what's important to him? What does he wanna do? I mean, how, how does he wanna be remembered? Hey. Right. He made money. He's, he's, he's made a lot of money. He made 115 million. That's, that's an NBA salary. Not counting what he's made off the court. He's a, has a brand, a brand Jordan deal that probably plays him $10 million a year. He can just live off that. Yeah. Plus he has some local stuff in, in, in, in New Orleans.


I'm sure he has some local brands there that he's doing stuff with. But there's the ocho there's a price to be paid for greatness. And if you don't, if you're not willing to pay that price, you don't deserve to be great. You don't deserve to be successful. I ain't gonna sugarcoat it. Everybody doesn't want that. They don't, everybody don't wanna be great Ocho people talk about greatness. But if you understood what it required of you Right Up for


that, You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there is only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans, check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida B and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston, And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Smart fans know sports is just a metaphor for life. And in the game of life, confidence is everything I'm talking about. Confident clean you get with wet extra large dude wipes, protect your end zone with the best clean pants down wetter just cleans better. No irritations, no dingleberries, no debris. And they come in different pack sizes, including on-the-go single pack wipe that you can take wherever you go for a home field advantage, dual wipes comes in a variety of sense and sensations like mint chill and she shea butter. So don't fumble the ball with tp, stop being a a-hole to your B hole and start using dude wipes. The NVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes bed clean pants down.


Yeah, IIII think someone like him as as great as he was, You know, in, in college. I I, I would think, And I would hope he would wanna continue that greatness. And I think it's just been, it's been derailed due to obviously the injuries, maybe the weight, obviously being the size that he is and then being as explosive that he is, having that combination, it doesn't see fit. And the first thing to give is your body certain, You know, certain parts of your body. So I'm, I I would think, You know, becoming or getting a little smaller, similar to what Dak has done and dropping what, 20, 30 pounds, however, however much they said, You know, Dak had dropped. I think, You know, it, it would behoove him to do just that. I'm not sure who the people are around him.


You know who his team is. I'm hoping you doesn't have a team of Yes. People, You know, that, that, that don't want to challenge 'em in any way that they see fit. You know, so they don't get they water cut off, if You know what I mean. I do. It's hard to find people like that ojo. I, I'm, I'm very fortunate that I I I that I have friends that, And I, my sister, my sister, and she don't care. Yeah. I'm like, you talking to me like this, You know, I pay all your bills. I, I have you out on the street. You talking reckless to be like this, but Right, right. And I need that. She gonna check me. Right? Yeah. But it is not easy Ocho because greatness require greatness is boring because it's a very monotonous, tedious job.


'cause you do the same thing over and over, Over and over and over. See If you look at people, now I'm not talking about now I wonder how many vacations Jeff Bezos took when he was trying to build Amazon. Mm. I wonder guys that started Google, how many, how many vacations they took when they were trying to build it. Well, when you worth 200 billion, you can go, you can go wherever you want to go. Now I'm talking about in the process of building, Right? Man, I need, bro, work life balance is not for people that desires greatness. It ain't, Hey, I, I don't, I don't know the effects And I don't know what would happen if, And I mean, no disrespect, what would happen if a player of Zion's caliber, would he still have that same explosiveness if he took the alternative route and taking something like Ozempic?


I don't know if, I don't even know if that's, And I, I don't know. I'm, excuse me for even asking. I'm, I'm not trying to be disrespectful. I'm just asking, You know, It's probably, it's probably for banned. I mean, in order for you to take anything, anything. I mean, look, it's best to run it through the NBA Let it let the medical doctor say it's probably banned unless you have diabetes. It's a diabetes, it's a diabetic drug. Ocho that's what it was intended for. Right. Okay. Okay. So unless you got diabetes, the NBA, the NFL or M lb probably not gonna let you take it. Right? I don't know. I listen, I'm sure they've been trying scenario that a Part there sacrifices that comes along with that. You must be willing to deny yourself certain things.


See, discipline requires you to do your very best when no one else is watching. You see discipline. Okay, I wanna do this, I need to do that. Do I do this or do I do that? That's what discipline does. Right? Hey, I can remember though, unc, when Zion came in the way they were talking, the way they hyped him up based on what he had already done in college, you do realize he was the one that was supposed to replace LeBron and be in the face of the league. Yeah, yeah. You know, they, they, they were, they were pushing. I remember they, they were, they were pushing that. And I, I was, I was, listen, I would've loved to see someone, You know, take that torch and had that torch passed on, pa passed on to him. But I mean, I think the injuries had just derailed it.


And at this point being that he's not even played the 82 game season yet. I mean, why not take the alternative route and doing something else to that makes, it can take the weight off you right there. But if it's something the NBA won't allow, I don't even know if you, if you were, if you were to take em, I mean, because ozempic waist muscle and you'll never get it back. Look at people. Look at people that take ozempic and look at their musculature. Is this there, there's no umph. Yeah, but there's no umph to the muscle. Look at people, look at people that take ozempic and look at their definition is just nothing.


Right. Yeah. But listen, if you don't have the muscle that, that, that takes away some of the explosion. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. If you strip muscle away, where do you think the muscle, you got muscle in your glues. Your hamstring. Your quads. Yeah, absolutely. It's gonna impact you. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Nevermind on that Ocho, the malice and the palace part two. Did you see the fight earlier tonight? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Between the Timberwood Pistons, NS Reed and Juan Holland. Exchange words leading to a scrapping between almost everyone in the court. Yeah. Seven players were rejected. I Was rejected. Do we ha do we know who ejected? I wouldn't. I wouldn't. That Isaiah, Isaiah Stewart. I guarantee you Isaiah Stewart got ejected.


You heard me? Huh? I wouldn't equate this to the, the malice and palace. Nah, that, that's, that's, that's More just Yeah. Coaches even got into it. Okay. You had Holland, Isaiah Stewart, Marcus Sasser, head coach, JB Bickerstaff were injected on Detroit side. Nas Reed, Dante Dizi, Pablo Poni from the wolves were also tossed. Damn. Coaches Got squabbling. I ain't see no, I ain't see no punches or nothing. I just see a little tussling, You know, a little little wrestling. Now Mal the palace that that was, that was, that was Royal Rumble. Yeah. I mean, punches going everywhere. I mean, listen, I wonder, I wonder what, wonder what started that, that had to be a, a constant buildup throughout that game.


Damn. Oh, get off me, boy. Man. Adam s Silver ain't gonna like this. Adam s Silver say, Hey, the Raiders are down, but we don't wanna get 'em back like this. Hey, but listen it something like that, even as, as small as it may, it, it might have been little fist cuffs, but that'll get some, that'll get some viewership now. Yeah. They Talk dollar out your pocket. David Stern cleaned that bull jive up. I don't know you before your time, but the seventies Ocho Yeah. In the eighties. Early eighties. Yeah. They squab. I mean they, they, it wasn't no pushy to shove it. They was pour them things, they let them ass go.


Yeah. David Stear said, oh no, ain't no more. Ain't no more. And, and see after the malice of the palace, right. When David Stern put that, put that paint on, on Metal World Peace. Yeah. I think Steven Jackson got fined, got suspended. Jermaine O'Neill. Jermaine O'Neill, I think they ended up Big. Ben Wallace got suspended. Yeah. Oh Man. So they made it so cost prohibitive. Ocho they su suspend, I mean, Ronald Ortez got suspended. 56 games. That's damn near his whole check. You making 10, $12 million. That's gone. I ain't tried the game. Hey, I catch your ass in the off season, bro.


Hey, hey Ocho. Hey. I catch you in the off season And you better have a Pam on. 'cause when I see I'm gonna slap the shit at you. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, that, that's, that's crazy. Yeah. Hey, make sure you got some baby wipes. Yeah, we got this. Hey we, where's our reed at? Oh, Where Reed? Huh? You said baby, you talking about dude, you talking about dude? Yeah. I said no, I'm just saying, You Know, Hey, I can't give, I can't give up that kind of money. Ocho. Yeah. And that's why you see guys, they making 50, 60 million and they talking about, hey, I have punched him. No, you wouldn't have and lose $40 million because you punch somebody. Yeah. Y'all watch.


Hey, if you wanna, you wanna make give up $40 million, you need to go into boxing. Bud is available better Vida. You know, better be some, somebody like that. I ain't punching nobody for no $40 million. Damn. That damn mind. Nuh at all. I mean, it sounds, it, it sounds good in theory, but like I say, guy's just going to, You know, look, you shove somebody, You know your guy gonna run grab you. Their guy gonna run grab him. Yeah. Ain't nobody really trying to Waller. Yeah. Just A little. And I ain't trying to give him that kind of money. Just Yeah. Hey, just a little tussling, that's all. No, no, no big deal. No, No, no big deal. No pun no punches. Stone, nobody injured.


Nobody hurt. All, all this fear and love and war, man. Tensions got a little high sometime. It's what it comes to. It does. But I look, when they said Detroit, I already knew Isaiah Stewart was gonna be a part of it. He, he he be he'd be in the mix. Huh? Everyone, every time. There's not one incident that has happened in Detroit since he's been there. He hadn't been a part of It. He part of it. Oh. They call him beef stew. He he didn't force it in. Yep. He, he gonna be a part of it. Yeah. And so, like I said, when you said Detroit, oh yeah.


He in it. He in it. You, Hey. No, no question whatsoever. Ocho le Lonzo ball and Mr. The snitching on Lalo back in the day. Ocho you ever snitch on your siblings? If so, for what? Hey, you, You know what, like two brothers, Chauncey and Sam, I've, I'm, I'm, I've never been in a position where I've had to tell on them that, that that's, Hey, that's, that's a good one. That's a good one. I've never been in a position where I had to, You know, snitch on my, my little brother. Oh. My older brother. I'm snitching. You gonna tell? Huh? Or you just playing? I could be you. I, my silence can't be bought.


Oh, you going then you going bribe God. You gonna extort him. Yep. You gonna extort spanking My brother, my sister, my aunt Papa. Oh man, you And you got suspended because You know, they ride the bus and then they get, go to school and they walk uptown until time you go back. Then they get on the bus and go home. Right. I that'll cost you $5. Oh, come on Unc. You can't do that. Hey Granny, let me check Spanky, me and Spanky outta school. We were to Statesboro went shopping Now you gonna tell about that? They didn't even do nothing wrong. My silence could be bought.


Now if you don't want me to snitch, go ahead. Break bread. Yeah. Hey, that's a good one. I don't know why y'all, y'all don't wanna, Hey, You know what that remind me of? And I, I'ma see if you remember it. I don't think people in the chat might not know about it. Obviously you come from the church. I'm coming from the church. Please tell me unc you remember the, the song by Mississippi Mass choir called Pull the Wagon? I Don't remember With a little, with a little boy. He threw the rock and hit the duck. Yeah. And his sister saw it. And for her, for him, for his sister not to tell his parents that he killed the duck by throwing the rock. He had to, he had to pull in the wagon. I don't remember. I don't, you, you Aint never heard. You aint never heard that story.


Oh man, you, you, you like, you got, you gotta hear. 'cause as soon as you said I can, my, my salad can be bought. That's the first thing that came to mind. I tell on everything. Yeah. See I had an aunt now she was, she perfect. The way you keep my silence. Right. Dairy queen burger milkshake. Fries. Go do what you wanna do. I'm gonna sit in the car, lead the window crack. Oh man. Now, because You know we supposed to go for point A. My grandfather say point A. Point B. Point B. Yeah. Okay. Nah, we didn't go point A. What about we went to C too.


If my grandma take that boy with you. Yeah. Take that boy with you. Yeah. So you could tell exactly where you could take all the stops. In fact, I wouldn't, when I would, you better pay me. Oh, that's funny. Pay me little, so little something to hold me worth. So little $2 here. $2. Oh. Ain't nothing. That's it. Keep, Keep quiet one. Hey listen, Just so You know Now you, I, there have been times that I have been paid and they've made me mad at a later date in time And I still had to regurgitate what I knew. Oh, you come on man. You can't, I just Saying I, You know, hey, Well hey, I know, I know.


Not to do nothing wrong with you, man. God Leave. If I pay taxes in 2024, does that mean I ain't gotta pay taxes in 2025? It's still fresh. Right. So be on your best behavior. Yeah. Don't be talking crazy to shake. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. Hey Unc. Well I Have, I have done that. You know, I, I apologize. All right. Anybody that, that I snitched on any of my aunts, my sister, my brother. I would apo I would've take this time now to apologize. Damn. Huh? Yeah. You can't use I Died. You apologize.


You, You know, You know snitches get stitches man. Not when Barney Porter was alive. I wasn't getting no stitches because I tell that too. Well look here, all I had to do was make a noise. Right. Hey, what's going on with that boy? Hey, don't play, don't play. Boy. If I start crying. Yeah, Papa, stick it. Hey, You gonna raise it Going on out there? You gonna raise hell. Huh? Okay. Okay. Here, here, here. My bro. Here, here. I give you $3. Don't say nothing.


I fell. My brother had done punch me or something. Trip. Hey for y'all shout out. Oh yeah. I tell, I was tell, I would tell back then, Ocho, I would, I apologize though. That, I wanna say that was not the shadow that I am today. Yeah. Oh. So, okay. So you won't, you won't tell today though. No, I ain't telling. Alright. Jordan, Jordan was late. Hey y'all, Jordan was late today. I called him, asked him for something. He ain't returned by call. He was late. He got here after Ash. Appreciate that though.


Well he had, he had to pay you. Yeah. Yeah. He was late the first time. He'd been late in the minute. Late. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. No, no. Don't even do that. I never been be like, boo, Ja, no, I, I don't tell nothing. Yeah. Not now. Back then, I was a different meek. I was trying to find myself E even even yeah Unc, I just, I can't find it in myself to tell. Yeah. Just in general. I can't, it's easy. Especially, especially if it's something, if, if it's something I saw or something that I might have witnessed or something, I just, I, I, I can't, What did I witness?


I whatever, whatever it may have been. I'm, I'm just saying in general, I don't know the circumstance, but I just, I, I can't, I can't tell 'em, I can't tell him my brother. I can't. I I can't do that. No, no, no, no. Not, no. Hold on. What did they do now? Who did it? Lemme, lemme ask you one Who did it? I don't know. I ain't see Yeah, you, you asked me. I, I ain't see I'm, I'm, I'm, but I'm, it's gotta be who did it now my brother now, now? Nah, somebody don't know. Oh yeah, that's him. I'm pick him out. Yeah, that's him right there. Well, Goy, Huh? Yeah, that's right there. I you official.


Ain't nobody, ain't nobody, ain't nobody know. I'm like, what? What Jordan? I don't know. I Ain't remember that. I said, how You know you talk to Jordan all the time. You tell me I I talk to Jordan earlier. Okay, you did. But Now you ain't talk to him today. He late. You ain't talk. So don't nobody know nothing. I'm like, need no problem. Don't nobody know nothing. Yeah. That, that, that's, that's funny. That's, that's funny. That's funny how that always work. I just, IIII couldn't do it. I I I can't do it. I I can't do it. You can't do what? That just, just, just tell you ever see, you ever see sometimes some situations where, where the mothers, the, the mothers of, of kids that have done something wrong. Yeah. And they actually turn their kids in.


Yeah. It all depends on what he did. Oh, okay. Okay. I see. I see what you mean. Yeah. Okay. You right, you right. No, no, no, no, no. You own up to that. No, no, no. We, we, the one thing a sharp kid gonna do is gonna own up the responsibility. Yes Sir. Oh no, no, no. We not letting somebody up. No, no, no, no. Just like you. He say I told on Teddy, yeah. I came and got daddy. He said, daddy Teddy pooped in the house. He said, you didn't hear it from me, but he said you probably gonna figure it out 'cause it's gonna be really small. So it was him. Did you tell on, you told on Teddy. So where is Teddy now?


He said you wanna go stay with Ocho? Yeah. Come on, come on, come stay with Hey Titus, imagine what we could do. Imagine Titus imagine the content we could create together. We could create magic. You wanna go to, you wanna go to Miami? He got a, he got a, he got a, he say he got a female ball ball. Oh yeah. About one. About one 20 ocho. Yeah. Half of the women's Final four is set number one seed. The South Carolina Lady Gamecock and the UCLA Lady Bruins punch their tickets to Tampa, Florida today. Two remaining spots remain. The TCU Lady Horn frogs takes on the Texas no TCU, excuse me.


The TCU Lady horn frogs takes on the Texas Lady Longhorns U Yukon. The Lady Huskies takes on the USC lady Trojans minus Juju. Great matchups. Yeah. Could we get all four number one seeds? That might be the first time that will ever happen. Right? Four number one seeds in the men's side. Go four number one seeds in the women's side on side go in the same year. Yeah, in the same year. I think that would probably the first time. I think if we're gonna get an upset, we'll probably be TCU, but UConn could possibly spring the upset. But man, Paige buckets, she was sensational. She was sensational to the other night as if she, hey, she went on a 19 o run by herself.


Normally you see a team go on a run, they go on 10, 15, 20 point runs. Right. There's a lot of scoring going on. He went, she went on a 19 Oh, run by by Alon. Yeah. Yeah. So she seems to be peaking at the right time. Seems like everything is going their way. But I can't wait to see, like I said, the Lady Gamecocks. Lady Gamecocks and the lady Trojan Bruins, they're there. They're waiting on someone. Who will it be, will it be the Lady Horn Frog or the Lady Longhorns? The Lady Huskies or the Lady Trojan? Tomorrow night. Today the Lady Gamecock took down the number two C Duke Lady Blue Devils coach Dawn Staley.


It's her fifth straight Final four appearance.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home, managing home ownership task, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite were Duke beat, Alabama, Florida beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them. Coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food Gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Smart fans know sports is just a metaphor for life. And in the game of life, confidence is everything I'm talking about. Confident clean you get with wet extra large dude wipes. Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down wetter just cleans better. No irritations, no dingleberries, no debris. And they come in different pack sizes, including on-the-go single pack wipe that you can take wherever you go. For a home field advantage, dual wipes comes in a variety of senses and sensations like mint chill and shea butter. So don't fumble the ball with tp. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and start using dude wipes. The MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes bed clean pants down


The Bruins beat LSU Yeah. To deny them another Final Four appearance, if I'm not mistaken, I think this is the Bruins. This is their first final four in in history of the basketball, the, the ladies basketball program. Now they're strong in, used to be strong in ladies softball and lady volleyball. Oh yeah. They were tremendous. When they had Lisa Fernandez, they got this thing started. They were really, really good in softball. No, they were, they were really good. They were great in softball, right? But right now, but for them to now flip the script and be good in basketball, ladies basketball, that's very, very, that was, that's very good. They've come a long way. Ocho, we have some very interesting sounds from the LSU Tigers head coach Kim Mulkey.


Let's take a listen to what she had to say. Jayden Smith, KLSU sports coaches. The second straight year you guys could eliminated in the Elite eight. Just, yeah. Terrible. Is that terrible or is that good? Terrible. Is it? How many final fours you clean? Oh Lord, None. So it's probably pretty good, huh? Yeah. All right. Really. Oh, Ocho really? Yeah, But listen, you got to be careful with the, the question, the way you word the delivery and what you ask. And especially after, after a game, after a game like that and being eliminated. Yes. Now you, You know what they tell players, You know what they tell players after a game. Right?


Take your time and cool down. Come to your senses before you answer any questions. She was still, oh, she just lost, she just lost the game. So you have to understand, I get it. Why she was feeling the way she felt and why she answered she's Not a thousand and oh. Huh? Has she ever, has she not lost the game before? Yeah, I, I, yeah. I mean, coach o it wasn't, he didn't even get a chance to finish the question. He's asking a coach, this is the second time you've been eliminated and for you to snap back says, well, how many final fours have you been To? I mean, you, you, I understand. Listen, I totally understand where you're coming from. As, as a journalist, as an analyst, excuse me, as a journalist, he has the job to do.


He has questions to ask, to mention, oh, this is the second time you've been eliminated. You have to understand where she's coming from and see it from her perspective. Well, God damn, I just got eliminated. You let me know. It's the second time I got eliminated. I know how many times I've been eliminated. Just how about were the question differently? And you wouldn't get the response you Got so have word. How would you have worded the question? Coach? It's an unfortunate loss. You guys have been eliminated. And then go on to what you wanna say. Mentioning that she's been eliminated twice is is totally unnecessary and, and a, it's somewhat of a jab. And that's the way she took it. Which is, which is why the, that, excuse me, I'm talking too damn fast.


Which is why she answered it the way she did. She was snappy based on the way the question was answered. You changed the way you asked it And you changed the delivery. I guarantee her answer is different. I don't think so. That's all. That's all I'm saying. I don't believe so. Kim Milky has been nasty for a very long time and she's gotten away with this type of behavior because she is a national champion winning coach. Oh. So she had a history of doing this. She has A history of doing this. Okay. The same thing with Bobby Knight. Bobby Knight had a history of their behavior, but because he was a national champion winning coach, you excuse said behavior. Remember people excuse behavior. If you win, if they like you, Kim Mulkey has been nasty. Okay.


For an extremely long period of time. If this is unacceptable for an athlete to say, right, well how many, how many times have you caught a pass in the NFL? Okay. How many times have you score a basket in the NBA? Okay. How many times do you, You know, struck somebody out of the, that would be unacceptable. This is unacceptable Kim Mulkey. Right? Because, You know, he phrased the question is that, hold on, wait a minute, coach, I know you're probably upset this the second time. This the second and back to back years, you got eliminated. Eliminated. Considering, You know, she went to the, did she go, hold on. No, she went to the Final four. Didn't Who put her? Yeah, she lost Yeah.


Leader late. Who put her out? Was it our, she doesn't plus ocho. She doesn't have the horses that she once had. Right. I obviously, Yeah. Yeah.


Okay. 'cause I remember 'cause they beat 'em in the national championship and then I'll return the favor. She doesn't have me, you lose, you lose a double double machine. And Angel Reese, she was sensational no matter what you think about her. She was a double, a double double machine. Yeah. She's gonna probably give you 15 and 15. And it was hard to keep Lauren bets six, seven off the glass. Yeah. They got a lot of extra point. They got a lot of extra second chance points. Hawke, Gabriela Hawke was great from the three point line. She really put the daggers through the heart. When they got the rebound, it got the kick out right. And she bets turned around and found her and she, she nailed it. That was for all intents and purposes. Yeah. That was the end of the game.


Flager was sensational, especially the second half. They needed more scoring. Yeah. And they couldn't get that, other than Flager, they really didn't have a whole lot. Maro was kind of neutralized because vets is six seven. Right. That's a lot of hype. And so she did a great job. I think she had six, six or seven block shots. But I just look, I I get it. Ocho I I I get it. When we're, we're upset, when we're, You know, when emotion is high, logic is generally low. Yeah. And we say things and, and, and probably she probably doesn't feel bad because like I said, she's a a four time national champion winning coach, and she's gotten away with saying things. She's gotten away with treating people nasty.


But for me, I, I just, I, I, I especially, I just expect more from a coach. Right. That's all right. That's all 17, 18, 19-year-old kids. Right? Yeah. I get it. Right. But when you've been in this situation for an extended period of time, right. And you expect your players to behave in a certain manner after the game, I think the coach should set the precedent, should set the example, should lead by example. Right. And set the precedent. Says, You know what, Hey, you're right. We gotta do a better job of, of playing better earlier. We gotta do a better job of, of knocking down shots, not turning the ball over. Yes sir. And hey, getting some better players. Yeah. At the end of the day, it comes down to players win. You know, I can coach 'em up and put 'em in the right spot, but hey that UCLO team, they play really, really good.


There's a reason why they're the number one overall seed, right? There's a reason why they won the Big 10 championship. They got an All American over there. They're a really good basketball team. So I know we are hurt and disappointed right now that we're not advancing. Right. But we shouldn't hang our heads because we, we, we accomplished a lot this year. Yeah. We'll be back. Yeah, we'll be back Now listen, I, that answer you just gave, that's awesome. That's awesome. That would be, that would, that would be great for inauguration if you're running for president. But when a woman that just, that just lost and just got sent home, and like you said, emotions are running high, that ain't the answer you gonna get. So if, so, so one of these coaches, so if Samson, if he says that right, if, if, if Shire, if he says that right, they ask him, well, you got knocked out.


Well, how many final fours did you appear in? Is that gonna be okay? If a man says that? No. If a man has said, if a woman asked that very question to a man and he said that, what would be said Ocho, would that be okay? Hey, you, You know it's right. No, it wouldn't be okay. But obviously, You know what, why not? Wait, let me, let me, lemme say something. Okay. As, as a head, as a, as a male head coach, You know what, they probably wouldn't answer the question like that anyway. They, the, the response would be completely different, even if they had been to Final Four before it got knocked out a second time. The way they answered the question in general, it's just different. It, it just is. Now, I'm not saying what she said was right, but I can understand, I can understand her being goddamn upset. I don't need, listen, I don't need you much. I, listen, I don't need you addressing the question towards me, letting me know how many times I've been eliminated.


I know that I just, I just got sent home. Yeah. But Ocho that's the fact there. Hey, Hey, The fact that you, the more you invest in something, the more you invest in something. Right. The more it hurts. When it doesn't go your way, talk to the, that's why you see, a lot of times I was a very emotional player because I know how much I put into it. Yeah. So it hurt me and it bothered me when I didn't see guy and look, everybody take losses a different way. But I was one of those guys considering that I knew how much I put into it, how much I had sacrificed. Right. It bothered me, but I also understood I had an obligation, I had a responsibility because had she won, she'd have been Kiki keying. Right, Right, right. Totally understandable.


Totally, totally, totally, totally, totally understandable. The height you are when you win, if you're six five, when you win, you need to be six five when you lose. Yes, sir. Don't go below that because I see that a lot. Yeah. Is that when things go well? Everybody want, Hey, you got a question? Oh, what, what? You ki Kiki right there now when you lose Right. You short. That's it. Oh, you up outta there. Nah, bro. It don't, it doesn't work like that. Yeah. Everybody wants to win. Everybody can't win. You should be gracious in victory and defeat. Yeah. So if you are boisterous in, in, in victory, stand up there and take it like a man or woman when you lose. That's all I'm saying.


Ocho. Yeah. I And she's gotten away with this for a long, long time. Yeah. You, she has And, and and, and people allow her to do this. It, it is kinda Like, You know, I love pop, but pop was basically very disrespectful to reporters on the sideline to Seger. And what do you think? I'm just asking. I'm just trying to do my job. I'm just trying to do my job. Yeah. But like I said, when you win, people will excuse a lot of behavior. Right. When you win that they wouldn't necessarily tolerate from someone. That doesn't win nearly as much. Much. That's my 2 cents. That Was a good one. Haley Van Lift. What's sensational? Becker scored 40 against Oklahoma. I mean for TCU not known for women's basketball.


Right. Got good baseball team. Football teams been good over the last couple of years. Right. National championship. I would, if I was you, I wouldn't even say anything about that because I got your As 50 yard line seats And you left in the beginning of the third quarter. So I wouldn't hear Anything about They must have been, they were getting blown out. Huh? Georgia Beatles. 65 to seven. Oh, you talking about? Oh, we still made it. Oh. Oh. I would love to go. Hey, she calling me. I'm like, hold on, it's really quiet. Why? Where, where are you? Oh, we are on the way home. But, but Hailey Van left. You know she went to Louisville.


Yeah. And the last time she was at Louisville, I think Texas knocked out in the Sweet 16. Right. I think Texas locked with you was at Louisville. They got chippy. Somebody saying something to me. She's like, get hand out my face talking to me. You ain't finna beat me and lecture me. That's like me ocho when I'm getting a ticket. Look, you either go gimme a ticket Right. And let me go on my way or you can lecture me and not gimme no ticket. But you ain't doing both. Both. Yeah. Hey, that's funny. Go ahead Ocho. What you gonna say? No, I was getting ready to say, I mean the situation you talk about it was, it was, well they in in the, what do you call it? A after the game. Were you, were you exchanging, were you shaking hands? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You, yeah. Yeah. Okay.


IIII remember that. I remember that. That that went viral. That went viral As well. And I don't, I don't, I don't know if it was ever reported what was said. Right. With the Texas. Yeah. Yeah. She dragged her. Yeah, she dragged her towards her. Yeah. And she's like, get off me. I ain't trying to hear all that. We lost this game. I'm upset. See, but it should be a great game between Texas and TCU. Hey, everything's bigger in Texas. You got two teams battling out from that state. Right. Only one gets to go to Tampa and play for a national championship. And then you get page buckets, the Yukon Lady Huskies and they take on the Lady Trojans from USC minus juju.


Everybody knew this was a collision course. Everybody knew considering what happened last year. Yeah. And we thought it would be just as good if not better, because Becker's is a fully healthy, Juju was at the top of her game. She was a magnifico. And unfortunately we're not gonna get that matchup. The question is, can ine, can she lead him, can't she? You can't look really good. Very, they look, they look really good, but hey, we're about to find out. We're about to find out if it's gonna happen. If she can, if Becker's can. Because that's the only thing left to do on her resume. She's been player of the year. She's been an outstanding player.


But all the outstanding players that go to Yukon, what do they get? Ocho? National Championships. Championships. Yeah. Your Sue Bird, your Rebecca Lobo, your Sue Birds, your Taras, your Maya Moores, Tina Charles's, the Stewy, the Montgomery's Paige. The only thing that's absent on her resume Championship is A championship is a championship. And that's how you, that's how you get immortalized there right. Now. Look, if she was at another program, OCHO that's not used to winning national championship. Right. She might be the best player ever.


Ever. Right. But when you go to Yukon, or same thing a Duke, when you go to these programs and they've won and they've had historically great players, that's what Juju is up against. She Miller Championships. Cynthia Cooper, that's what you're up against. Right. And so now this is her last chance. Her last chance. Yeah. It it, it it gonna be a tough road now. Oh yeah, for sure. A tough road. It's gonna be tough. Sledding. Yeah. USC ain't gonna lay down now. Nah. Because they got something to play for. They look, everybody that kind like, man, y'all, they ain't gonna do nothing without, they're not gonna do anything without Juju.


Juju's average of 25 points. We know she has 25, 5 and six or whatever the case may be. They don't believe people outside of that team and maybe USC fans that they can get it done without her. Right. She's one of the two or three best players in college basketball. That's a huge to take that out. Right. And then expect to win. But they expect to win. And that's all that matters. It doesn't matter what the outside world we expect to win. We know we believe And we played our our game. We have a chance to winning this game. Right. And it's gonna take an outstanding game. It's gonna take that because UConn, they get out there defensively and they got a fe a young lady that can take the game over and and, and shoot you out of the gym.


She can put the ball on the floor. Now she's not as physical as Juju was, but she can stroke it from the three. She got nice mid-range games. She can put it on the floor, go to the free throw line. She's a very, very good player. The only thing missing from Paige's resume, she's an all American. She was a player of the year. Championship. Championship Championships. Championship. That's what, that's what it comes down to. Ocho it it is really that simple because that program, you talk about the program, you talk about the most story programs in women's college basketball. It's really two. It's Tennessee. It's Yukon. Yeah. Pat Head Summit rest her Soul and, and Gino.


Yep. The Volume.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chassen Company


Protect Your end zone with the best clean paths down, dude. Wipes coming a variety of sense and sensation like mint chill and sheshe butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't frum the ball with tp wetter just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your be and make the trade of the season. With Switch, the dude wipes the MVP of Clean, available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude, wipes beds, clean pants down


Amazon pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins, right? Next time, use Amazon Pharmacy. We deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.