
John Stewart is back at The Daily Show, and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing. On the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams. To dish the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bitch. You can make und DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to draft Kings Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the Rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ah, ocho according to reports, Aaron Rogers apparently pleaded to stay with the Jets before the Jets announced this week. They're moving on from Aaron Rogers. After two seasons with the team, Rogers reportedly tried to make his case for why the jet should keep him. According to the New York Post, Rogers pleaded with the jets to give him one more, one or two more years as the starter. During his final conversation with the team, Rogers aggressively urged the just to keep him. But once the decision was made to part ways, Rogers accepted It. Yeah, I mean, I I'm ugh, that that, that's, that's tough. That's tough. I think Aaron Rogers can see the light at the end of the tunnel. Obviously you gotten to a point where you've always been great and the team has actually needed you and you're always in a position of power.


You know, where you always had the leverage. And now being on the other side of things, the other side of the fence, now seeing, okay, you know what? Well, we don't need you. Things are different now as great as he once was, you not What I saying? What, what am I saying Ocho? What I, what do I say? What they'll do Or they'll tolerate you. What they'll do, they'll tolerate you until they get Now te now I want you to tell me one thing, one thing Aaron Rogers did, and there's two years there that could justify the Jets keeping for another year. Not a damn thing. So not showing up Dominican. Think about the whole show. Yes, sir. They said that if you were to come back, you'd have to be to everything. Yeah. So that told him number one, you're not invested.


Yeah. Okay. How does going on Pat McAfee every single week, and I love pma Yeah. And hey, great platform, but for the Jets, how does that help them? It doesn't at all and it definitely doesn't help. 'cause the fact that you weren't winning, not only were you losing to getting your buck kicked every goddamn week, you still, you're going on the show and then you're creating controversy with some of the things that you're saying on Pat McAfee show. Yes. You can't, you can't have, you can't have it both ways. Yeah. Now, now all of a sudden he wanna be about the team when he is never been about the Team and he and he won't be if they were to bring him back. You don't, you you don't change overnight. A leopard, a leopard fox never change junk A zebra stripes never change junk.


They never change. They just go about doing things differently until they get you where they want you. Then they go right back to the normal program. Always. Yes. It's it's always been that way. Yeah. But A lot of this had to do with, I fought the jets because when y'all got y'all butt on that plane and, and flew out there. Yes. And when y'all, I won't Ram Cobb. I want Alan Lazar. I want, I want Nathaniel Hackett. What the hell do you think he thinks he thinks he's the king of? But also, not only does he think he's the king of the palace, but he understands he needs those that's already been around him.


That he understands that he trusts that he knows he How didn't work Out for him. It didn't, it didn't work out the way he wanted. Tell, Tell, tell, tell me the nuts. So you, you paying guys, you gave Al Lazar three years, $33 million. Now congratulations. Now, hey, the one thing you can say about him now, he, Hey, if he likes you, he likes you. Oh yeah. If he don't, he don't. Yeah, You right Now. But I'm just saying when you say, when you try to ingratiate yourself to a team, if that's what you truly want to do, do you become your adopt team aspect? The team concept. You need me to be here for many camps. I'm here. You need me to be here for OTAs. I'm, I'm here. I'm just trying to figure out why was he so big that Peyton Manning never missed those.


Tom Brady didn't miss the Tom Brady when he went to Tampa. Yeah. Where was he? This man was breaking protocol and throwing the can congregate with his receivers in the box at The high school field. You see the difference? Yeah. You see the difference when guys are bought in? See a lot of guys talk about T but you see, if I were to remove that, if I were to remove that A and that t what is it? Ocho me. Oh man. That's funny. That's the thing. Yeah. I I, it is hard for me to see and I'm on the outside.


I'm looking for the peripheral. Right. But all I know is you What, what's being reported? I don't think he's done anything to ingratiate himself to the team that says I'm a team guy. Yes we are. And I wanna be a part of this all Know that. Now hell Ray Charles could see that you haven't done nothing. You ain't done nothing to come back. You know, you know good and well pleading. Like listen, if you had something to fall back on, when you do do the, when you do the plead, then you have a case. Yes. I mean, what you go, you ain't got nothing to fall back on. How, how, what, what, what is like, oh, you, and then you come up with this conman. Well, you know, mandatory means different things to different people. Yeah. Stop playing. You know what, hold on. So I'm gonna look up the definition of mandatory SI thought mandatory was what it was, but Man, while you looking that up, man, shout out.


Shout out to the homie. We, we got, we got, we got new subscriber, good friend of mine cam down there in Boston watching Man, I salute you. Appreciate it. Appreciate the support, homie. Mandatory required by law, wearing helmets were made mandatory for cyclists. Which is means you're required to do it. Mandatory attendance is required, which is means ocho you're required to be there. So I don't know who, what mandatory, so maybe it means different things to different people. Right. Who, somebody that the definition of mandatory, it might mean something, but if you understand, and Eric Rogers is highly intelligent.


If you just listened to it, he'll tell you he's highly intelligent. So the team, like, maybe we made a mistake. We are here. And remember ocho, I kept telling you Yes sir. I said Ocho, he and Gary Wilson on that sideline in training camp. Oh, oh yeah. Just training camp. We Get watch. Lemme tell you why I said that. 'cause listen, me and Carson were just like that too in training camp. That's all. Me and Carson were like that in training camp, man. How many years Did You play with Carson during the season? How many years did you play with Carson? 10. Okay. How many years had him and Gary Wilson played together? Okay. You Right, you right, you right.


Yeah. It was early. It was early. But that's that fire though, huh? All I know is Gary Wilson. How Gary Wilson win offensive rookie of the year of the entire league with Zack Wilson, right? Yeah. Zach Wilson was a better quarterback because FYI and I said, I told you that He a better quarterback than who? Huh? Better Quarterback. Aaron Rogers. Oh, okay. Yeah. I'm not talking about the old Aaron. I'm talking about the new Aaron Rogers. Now that's, that's a whole nother story. No, the old Aaron Rogers or just an old Aaron Rogers.


That's the, I mean, look here, Robert. So got fired. I mean, and I ocho I, we, I wish we could, I wish we could pull this up, right? If I knew we was talking about this. 'cause I, I didn't really dawn on that. We gonna talk about it, but I say pretty soon they gonna run out people to fire. Oh yeah. They gonna run out people to the boat. Now Roberts got fired. Nathaniel Hackett got, got demoted. Well, damn. Yeah. One, two. Who The next person? The production. Oh, Shannon, look at the bro. Stop. How many games they won?


Six. How many how? Six and 12. Okay. How many games they, they Won? Six, right? Yeah. What six? Can I ask you a question? Yes. How many games they won with Zack Wilson? Ask Ash. I think there was, what, what were they? Seven and 10 or eight, nine with Zack Wilson. Seven and 10. Okay. So who is the better quarterback again for the Jets? Okay. The number Don't What, what I try to numbers don't lie. I, I said look, when you bring, if you are, if you are a defensive base football team Yes sir. And you believe, you bring in one guy and he's gonna change your, your, your, your, your, your fortunes, your defense better not drop off. Oh, they, they dropped off tremendously, huh?


And pro. But here's the thing. They were saying if the defense drops off, what's he supposed to do? Overcome them off pick up. But he wasn't there. His goal, They dropped off. Overcome that drop off. There you go. There you go. And that didn't happen. I just, I I, me look, I don't think he did him many favors in that building with his attitude Yeah. To miss many camps and to blow it off and, and, and pretend like it was nothing. Right. The continuously going on, on the p max show. I don't think that helped. I don't think, I don't think that helped their situation at all.


But at the end of the day, he made a decision that he felt that was in the best interest of him and that's what he did. And so the jets have no choice but to do what's in the best interest of them. And they didn't feel bringing him back was gonna change anything. Because sometimes OCHO is more than just on field. Sometimes the locker room look at everybody talks about Jalen hurts and what he is in the locker room. Yeah. You know, Everybody look, look at when they talk about these quarterbacks, how they talk about Hertz, how they talk about, and look, let's just go take Manny and take Brady. Put them to the side. Yes sir. Look at how they talk about some of these other quarterbacks are Hertz.


I'm gonna put Mahomes to the side. But I'm gonna talk about some of those guys that, that when we think about a pantheon, that's gonna be with a historically at all time. Great. Right. Look at how his teammates in the organization all The time. Yeah. About him all. I know there are a lot of talk coming outta Green Bay that, that they didn't involve him when it came to picking a new coach. Right. They didn't involve him, but it's being reported that the CEO picked up the phone and says, don't you be the problem. Mm. Get a solution.


It's just, it's gonna be very interesting to see where he goes. 'cause I, I think the thing is, look, we, we, we mentioned places the Raiders need a quarterback, potentially New Orleans need a quarterback. Right. Potentially Cleveland needs a quarterback. I I Like that. Could he Jerry Ju Rogers the Judy Rod just in in Juku. I like, I like that. Yeah. So I'm trying to think, I'm trying to where, where other place Tennessee sees they, they might take a, I don't think, I think Tennessee's gonna potentially trade down, but if you trade down, Roger's gonna be available.


Not gonna cost you anything. Right. You take Rogers have will. Levis learned under him That that's a good move. That's a good move. Rogers to Calvin Ridley. I just don't get, first of all, I don't know what the Tennessee's doing. What do you mean? First of all, they, they, they, first of all, they traded aj right? Because they drafting trailing burns. The dude has one touchdown in two years, three years baby. Okay. Now you release Derrick Henry and I think, I think Tony Poll had an unbelievable season. But you trying to tell me you think Poll was a better running back than, than Derrick Henry? That's, we're not doing that Ojo we're not gonna do that. Right. So I don't, I I don't, you know, and after what, after one season, two season they fired, the general manager ran thar and they got somebody.


So I don't really kind of know what they're doing. Could I see them trading that pick? Potentially. Right. But I think Aaron, Roger, Aaron Rogers fits there, fits in. He fits in Vegas. Ooh, Cleveland. I'm trying to think where else the Giants, the Giants are potentially looking at. Remember that we talked about the other day. Don't Joe Matthew Stafford from Going from Jersey to New York. If you can get Aaron Rogers for free, just pick him up. You do that. Keep your pick, right? You keep that third pick of the draft. What do you thinking? Eh? That's tough.


That's tough. I just think it's a, it is gonna be an issue wherever he goes. Huh? I think it's gonna be an issue wherever he goes. Look at what he had with the Jets and you only won six games. I'm just, I'm just speaking from an offensive standpoint. Pittsburgh is Pittsburgh in play. I don't like, I don't like the Pittsburgh look. Okay. I don't like Pittsburgh. Look, I I just Listen. Tomlin ain't playing that Tomlin is not playing that. I'm just saying don't you, I mean, I'm just trying to throw out some places that could potentially use a quarterback and I don't have to give up draft capital to get Right.


And the the, I mean, you said the best two, the best two was, was, was, was Cleveland in, in the Raiders? Who needs, you don't like the Giants who needs the most, I mean, you know what? I like that. I liked the Giants. I said that last week we were on the show. Goddamn, Aaron Rods and Malik Nabors. Malik nabs had a great year. You get a quarterback like Aaron Rods in there, you never know. Then you got, you think about the Aaron Rods. You're getting, you're getting maybe a humble Aaron Rods. Aaron Rods understanding my leash is very short.


Now. I can't get away with some of the things I used to be able to get away with because I don't have that leverage anymore. So I don't have a choice but to walk on eggshells. 'cause I'm already walking on a thin line on thin ice. You, you never know. I hope so. I mean, look, I I I, I think the thing is, I like to see guys play as long as they wanna play. Especially if they can contribute. I don't know if we're ever gonna see the MVP Aaron Rogers again. Do I think he can help a team? Right? But what what's your goals? You have to have a real strong, he, I mean, you know, a lot of times those guys used to be guys to elevate as they start to get age now you need to elevate them.


Yeah. You see where Paid Manning went. He went to the Broncos to Marus Thomas rest his soul. Eric Decker, Julius Thomas. No. Sean Mino outstanding. No. Sean Marino. Yeah. Outstanding defense. Offensive line was REI solidified that lady that had bad squads. They had nice offensive line. Okay. Tom, what did Tom do? Edelman and those guys started to get beat up. He goes to Tampa. What? Tampa got OCHO by Evans. Evan, Chris Gunman. Yeah. You see? And they get Gronk to come outta retirement. You see defense hungry Carl Bos doing it. So now where they could always elevate, now they need elevator.


Right.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content. Just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA superstar Angel Ian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Leg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events, starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One. Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut, we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok. And We've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Travis Hunter will attend the combine as a corner. Ocho, are you surprised? No. Not at all. Not at all. Listen, I am surprised a little bit because I said it and I've said it all the time, especially during season. I would love to see Travis Hunter on the offensive side of the ball and then play a few packages on defense. It's Easier the other way because Yeah, I I I know. I'm just saying from a financial standpoint, when it's time to get paid, who makes more money? Huh? The receivers of the dvs for sure. Okay. That, that's the, that's the only reason. But listen, I like, I like that he's going in as a db. It's gonna be nice. I'm excited to see him, especially in the drill.


Especially in the drills to see his transition, how smooth he is, him getting in and outta breaks ball skills, stuff like that. I think he going, he gonna do very, very, very well. And I'm saying when it's time to run the 40, I wouldn't be surprised if he run full two. I don't see him at that fast. I think high four. I think high four. Threes low. Four fours. Listen, don't be surprised. Don't be surprised. He too long of a strider to run like that. I think Ocho you think he got that kind of speed? Did he? They got those kind of wheels. Yeah. When you, when you specifically train. Oh yeah. Specifically train for the combine and you and you do speed training. Yep. Right. I'm telling you that. Don't be surprised if he clocked four two.


Wow. High 4, 2, 4 2. Wait, 4, 2, 9. I think he, I I think he gonna clipse it. Yeah, I'm telling you. But talking to everybody. Yes, sir. Days like, play him that corner and have some packs. Yes, sir. What we were saying, yeah, everybody was jumping on us. Why he can't play every snap on offense and defense because he can't possibly because he can't. And y'all just want to argue the fact with people that have played the game, that have studied the game. I ain't talking about No, we're not no casuals. We know what it takes to play at an elite level, Dion. Y'all should. Oh, he better.


What y'all do realize that Dion played baseball. Do you know how hard it is to hit a baseball? And I ain't talking about no, Dion wasn't just no guy. Go back at series. Check his batting average. Yeah. He didn't play every single snap of offensive defense. You're talking about one of the greatest athletes who have ever played, he play a two sports professional. We see a lot of guys play two sports college collegiately. We've seen a lot of guys play a bunch of sports in high school. But how many guys you've seen play two sports professionally and be great? I've only seen two heavy folk. Now, Brian Jordan played baseball and football, but he gave up football to play baseball.


Great decision because he waiting, they make way more money and the money guaranteed. But y'all argue me up and down. Oh, you are a hater. You are a hater. Wasn't no hate. I'm just giving you factual information, I think. Right. He's better suited at the cornerback and then they put packages in because of his athleticism for him at receiver. But y'all just, a lot of times I I I just come to realize what your Sometimes people just wanna argue to argue, Right? Yeah. I mean, and that, that's, that's the joy, that's the joy of this platform in general. Listen, difference in opinion. You state your peace, they state their peace. And we can agree to disagree. Yeah. I mean as great as Michael Jordan was, and he was historically transcendent.


He was mythical Yeah. In basketball. That baseball wasn't his thing. He, he loved it though. He, he gave it a shout Deonka that no, no, no time could really play Bo Jackson. Bo Jackson went to the All star game. Bo Jackson won an MVP in the All Star game. Yeah. Bo could really play time could really play. And that's all we were saying, based on the knowledge of the game, he's not gonna be able to play a hundred snaps in the NFL. He can't. Yeah. I got a question. I just thought about something. I, you know the chat let you slide with it. I'm not gonna let you slide with it. Are you saying Michael Jordan wasn't good? He was All, yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying.


Eagles Milton Williams who had an outstanding game. I think he had two sacks in that game. Didn't he had two sacks in the Super Bowl? Yeah. Hey, bill was balling. Boy, that's nine three, right? Yes. Nine, three. Yeah, he's nine. Speaking At his locker says he wants to return, but obviously I want a raise. Oh, he gonna get that. Listen, if, if it's not, if it's not for the Eagles, how, how he, how he, they know what they do, right? Yeah. They know what they do. But what he did do, based on his performance and that goddamn game against the Chiefs, he done gotta sell. Oh, he did that through the regular season. Huh? You at him against what? You look at him against the lion. I mean the Rams, you look at him. Oh, oh, he gonna make some money. Oh yeah, you got, yeah. And listen, that wasn't, that wasn't no, no one trick pony.


He was doing that all year long. Just the fact that he was able to show up in the, in the biggest game of the year makes it even that much more better. It makes it that more appealing and appeasing to other teams. You know? I know he would like to return, but I'm just saying don't Get that paper now. Yeah. Comes now. Got Two ring now. Got your ring Rings. You can't sleep on 'em. You can't see your cut skin. Now if you get hard up, I mean you could possibly sell 'em. I just read the story today. Unfortunately, LA Gary Blunt is selling his game. Worn Jersey, his Super Bowl ring. I don't know what why, but maybe, hey, they're up. Maybe they're not as important to him anymore. Maybe he feels somebody else will get better use or service out of it than he does.


But at this point in time, what Milton Williams has done, he's earned a pay raise. And I don't believe he's gonna be able to get it because you gotta sign a, a bond. You met a linebacker. Yeah, that, yeah. Josh Sweat is up. You know what's funny? Who, how do, that's why I don't wanna be a gm. How do you decide what's important? How do you decide who to keep when everybody played so well, especially in that Pacific game. Williams played well, sweat played well. I forgot Young Bull name on the side. He's a little undersized. Like no, No. Smith Jr. And he played well.


I mean, You do realize you got Jalen Carter coming down the pipeline. He gonna need a big contract. That's a, That's two more years though. That's Okay. He still got two. What? Think about what it's gonna take to sign of in two years. You see what Chris, you see what Chris Jones making? 32 million? Yeah. Yeah. That was a year ago. What you think this kid gonna make it two years? Woo. Hell, he can't be. No, he can't be more than 23. Exactly. Exactly. You got Mitchell, you got Deon, or you got Broun. There's only so much money you can spend.


You know what's funny? And it's a good thing that he was in a great situation are they're a phenomenal situation where nobody is really up to really break the bank like that. So they gonna be together. This whole core gonna be together the next two or three years and they can, you know, they, they got a chance to do they have a dynasty for sure. Now you know that. Right? They healthy, like I said, they got off his line. They got sold up, but yeah. Yeah, I agree with a will a go get that money. Boy, the Chiefs have reportedly set a deadline for Travis Kelsey to make a decision regarding his NFL 14. If, if Kelsey chooses to retire, the chief wants to know of his decision around March 14th, according to a team source.


Based on that deadline, the chiefs are going to give Kelsey a month to decide his future. Is this deadline normal? I don't, I don't know if it's, I don't, I don't know if it's normal, especially that soon, especially that soon after Super Bowl. But I think they want to know what he's gonna do soon, rather sooner than later. So they can look, look forward to what we're going to do next. What's the next next steps we need to take? I, I would, I would, I would've thought they would've given someone, especially like Kelsey, based on what he's done over an extended period of time, they would've given him a little bit more grace as opposed to rushing him as to make a decision.


Ocho, I'm running a football team. Never lose sight of that. First of all, guess what happens in March? Free agency. I need to know, do I need to make a trade? Hey Atlanta, can I get Kyle Pierce from you? Okay, I've gotta make a decision based on this football team. I can't let this thing drag out. Right? Remember, that's what Green Bay got tired of. Brett Favre dragging it out. Dragging it out. They said, you know what we're gonna do, don't worry about it. You go and do what you gonna do? We gonna take a quarterback? Same thing happened there. Rogers dragging it out, dragging it out, it out. They said, don't worry about it. Yeah. That's what they're doing here.


Lemme free agency. Let me evaluate, let me look at some of these tight ends. The guy from Penn State, there are a couple of them. What I've been reading, there are about five tight ends that could go in the first two rounds. Let's see if we can get in position to get one of it. Yeah. In the first two rounds. Let's see if we can get in position to get one of them. Maybe Atlanta wants to get off Kyle Pit because outside of his rookie year, he's, he's underperformed one year. He was hurt, get that his second year end up tear his knee. But now the last couple of years he hadn't been up to the cow pit that we thought he would be. Let's see if Atlanta has grown impatient in wanting to part ways. That's how you gotta run a T ocho. I can't wait till the T dollar.


Right. I understand. Totally. I totally understand. So I, I, I'm, I I, I, I'm not surprised at this, at all. Me, to me, I need, honestly to me it's a little soon or someone regarded as one of the best to ever play a position. But I do understand the business side of it. Boy, they moved on from Tom Brady. They moved on from Peyton Manning. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, well, Tom, okay Boy. Hey, you done play this game too long on Joe did not know how it works. What did Smith finish his career? Okay, the all time leading Russia. Tom Brady won six Super Bowls.


He finished in Tampa, paid Manning four MVPs, two Super Bowl appearances. One Super Bowl MVP. He finished in Denver. J Rice. Do not, I need to go, do I need to move here anymore? Yeah. Seattle. Yeah. I'm just saying bro, understand Joe Montana. Joe Montana finished his career in Kansas City. City. Yeah, I'm just saying understand the business, how it works. The team will always do what is in the best interest of the team. This is why I employ the players. Do what's in the best interest of you because the a, they're gonna do what's in the best interest of them.


If a team will move on from Tom Brady, what other player, what can a player do to assure if Tom Brady couldn't do enough to stay in in, in New England? That's crazy. Let that sink in. Tom Brady, they won 19 division, 18 or 19 divisions. They went to nine Super Bowls. They won six. He's an MVP in four of them. He's a three time league. MVP. And they didn't give him the grace of retiring in that uniform. What other player has there ever been before or after?


Now you can retire early or they'll move on you before it gets too late Every Time. I'm just saying, oh Joe, apparently the Steelers inquired about trading for Trevor Lawrence, who pretty wild, given that Justin Fields has been constantly posting photos of himself in a steel, his uniform on his Instagram throughout the re week fields is hoping to re be resigned by the Steelers Ocho, Trevor Lawrence to the Steelers. You know what I mean? So Trevor Lawrence to the Steelers, right? We're Jacksonville picking in the draft again.


They high up Jacksonville. Gotta be like what? Top five, top six. They picking five. Five. Well, whoa. I mean that doesn't make no sense because the two, the two top quarterbacks, they gonna be gone before five. I know that much. The two top quarterbacks, Shado and Cam water are gonna be gone before five. Let's say sneak up and grab, but Hey, how about this here I trade you five, I trade you my pick, I swap positions with you. I give you my first round pick. I give look. Guess what? Okay, we're gonna trade you. I give you, Jacksonville's gonna pick five. Steelers wanna come up to five. So I gotta trade places, right? I get next year's one, next year's two and the next year's and the, the following year.


So I get 26 1, I'll get 26 2 and I'll get 27 3. And so Trevor Lawrence to the Steelers in Yeah. And you think that's the answer? I think the Steelers believe that's the, I think for the Steelers you have quarterback, they need quarterback play Ocho. They really do. So You don't, you don't believe in Justin Fields and what he was able to do when they started the season off four and two before Russell Wilson took over. Mm. I understand your thoughts. Yeah. Well, for them to inquire about Trevor Lawrence, what do they believe? Right? Forget me and you, me and you can jump right here.


You and I can have spit ball and throw, bounce stuff off the wall. What the, what are the Steelers telling you? If they're willing to inquire about somebody outside of their building. Okay, you right. Ooh, that, that's tough. And get off my timeline. I'm done. I done dropped deport. I know. Yeah. Vince Carter is from Florida. So is T Mac. Where's adman from? Georgia. Where's Dwight Howard from Georgia, Kenny Walker, Georgia. So look, but normally those southern states, they, we normally produce basketball players. You start going north, you go to, you go to New York, you know, California, they normally have basketball and football, but in the south, right?


The weather, you know, we known for bro, we football, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina. We start going up the coast, don't you? You come on, bro. Louisiana, right? Texas. Well, yeah, you gonna have some, you got baseball players come from all over, but y'all know what we do. I'm done. Y'all know what I did. Y'all see y'all saw it? Y'all 52 old Joe. You didn't know that. I Mean, I know we, we, we saw it, but it it ain't that. Just some questions about it, you know, I, I just Are You caught the state of Georgia a lie? No, I'm not trying. I'm not, I don't wanna sound like I hate Him. Well, that's what it sound like. Mo it Chad, does it sound like he hating y'all?


No, I'm, no, I'm not trying to hate him. I'm just saying so many people score so many points over an extended period of time from a Pacific State lets me know that the people in that Pacific state suck at the game of capital. Lisa Leslie had 101 points at the half of a basketball game in California. Go look at the state of California and see what their records are. Go look at the state of New York and see what their scoring records are. All Right. I know it's hard me to believe because your boy played football, you know what I'm saying? I had a, I put the foot, I put the basketball down. But listen, that, that's not a bad thing because listen, I think listen make to some or because your belief you might be a better basketball player than a football player.


But the same thing goes to me. I'm a better soccer and tennis player than I You were able to play a little clearness. I'm a be, I'm a be matter of fact, I'm glad you just said that. I'm glad you just said that because I'm playing in the Miami Open in the exhibition match March, March 20th. I believe I'm, if I'm not mistaken, I forgot who my opponent is, then you'll be able to see, see, anytime I say something, there will always be video evidence to fall behind it. If anybody in the chat that's been following me for a while, they can show you that I I can play tennis. Oh, Very well. What about Lalo Ball? He, he scored 92.


So is that any, are they any good? Hold on, hold on. Well, the who the Miller Ball play for one thing. Chin Chino said the Suburban Chino Hills. Who? Oh, they can't play, they can't play no hoop in Chino Hills. Man. He Dropped 92. So what about that Ocho He dropped 92 in a game. Can't hear what I just said. Huh? They can't, they can't hoop out there in Chino Hills. There ain't no hoopers. The man dropped 92. Ain't No hoopers. Okay. Okay. I'm listen, I I ain't got nothing. Listen, Lalo the real dead listen, Lalo the real deal in the NBA so I can understand him dropping 92. Now that I understand, I just chose to go route. I chose to go on route. Don't Quarter Quarter, right?


Who knows? You right, you right. I'm gonna let you have it. I'm gonna let you have it. I love it. It seems that the Steelers are looking to trade their first and second round picks for trouble. Steelers. If y'all think you're gonna be able to get trust, thank you Ocho. If you think you're going to be able to get Trevor Lawrence, oh, Ocho, here's the thing. Jacksonville wouldn't have to give up anything. Jacksonville will get to stay at five. Now, if we get the Steelers first round pick, we can package that move up, maybe get a quarterback. That's what we feel.


But it's gonna take more. If y'all think y'all gonna be able to get Trevor Lawrence for a one and a two, y'all are out your damn mind. I don't understand what the Jaguars are gonna do. What are they gonna do? You need a quarterback. So you are letting go of a quarterback that you assumingly don't believe in to this point. Who has all the intangibles? I mean, he passes the eye tests. I mean, I'm man already you throwing in the, you you waving the white flag already. Jesus, talk about impatience.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut. And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis, insight, stories, and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Rams reportedly want the number three pick from the Giants for Matthew Stafford. Rams don't wanna restructure Stafford's deal and are reportedly getting tired of his wifes constantly talking publicly. The Rams could then look to trade down from three to acquire more picks next year to move to move up for quarterback. Bring that to me one more time. Rams reportedly wants the number three pick for the Giants. From the Giants for Matthew Stafford. I like that move. I like, I like that. I'm not giving, I'm not giving up the number three pick for no for no 36, 30 7-year-old quarterback.


Listen, when's the last time the Giants had a quarterback? Eli Manning? Yes. How long has it been? Okay? It's it's, it's been a minute. If you wanna win now, if you wanna make some changes, you go get your Super Bowl winning quarterback that knows how to win can throw that damn ball. I like it. Stafford. The neighbors talk to me. Stafford, the Jalen Hyatt talk to me. Jalen Wyatt Hyatt. It's Hyatt. Yes. Hyatt. Yeah. Oh, Y'all, there's another Jalen for the, the Patriots. I think he Jalen Pope. Yeah, Ocho. But here, this is what Ocho this is what would concern me.


What what, what part? Matthew Stafford has really never played outdoors. He went from Detroit. I knew he was gonna, he went to the Rams. I knew Would you be concerned for a 36, 30 7-year-old not playing outdoors? Not with that kind of arm like that. Did you see him against the Eagles in the snow? There are very few quarterbacks who can whip it like that in the snow. Aaron Rogers himself. Stafford, you know, in a, in a sled. Josh Allen Mahomes. It ain't too many of 'em could throw like that now. Yeah, Burrow. I do realize, I know the Rams don't wanna redo his deal.


I like Matt. I think he's phenomenal. Met his wife a couple times. She's great. But she loves her husband and she thinks the, they haven't shown the kind of respect for someone that has done what he's done for them and she ain't got no problem. That's the bit you here to think dog. So what, what'd I tell you? Talk when you say something and you got a significant other, or a family member says something, where does the team, where do that fan base thinks that's coming from? Okay. I just, I right or wrong or indifferent? I'm just telling you how the mind say it. Yeah, Absolutely. If, if I, if if I said if, if my brother, my sister says something, bucket burn says something.


Oh that even though it might, it ain't come from me. Alright man, you know they getting that right. Rel say something. Oh yeah, your homeboy, one of your homeboys say something man. You do man. You know man, you don't owe your done total. I don't know why they don't wanna do redo the man contract. Damn man. Staffers still throwing that thing. But I know they like Sson Bennett ain't he cheap? You Know? And they said we need more pieces. So they got a very good defense. Very. And they're young. Yeah, but you got, you gotta be careful.


What's that? You gotta be careful. Well, defensive young. I know they're hungry. I know they're playing. They're, they're playing well verse and the rest of them boys. But uncle, you need the quarterback to compete man. I Do. I believe. I know you do. You absolutely need the quarterback to compete. You not winning without one t. Higgins posts cryptic message ahead of free agency. He took the Instagram and posted an image of him saying priorities are rare. Auction are everywhere. The caption five just out here working Ocho. If you're the Bengals, what do you do? Reports came out that the Bengals have only four staff members working in the scouting department. The fewest in the entire league.


I don't know. I told you how I feel. I told you how I feel. You know, I, I understand what the fans want. You know, the fans always are gonna be loyal to their team and always wanted to player to play. I love TT is deserving of of what he should get. I know t is gonna say all the right things. Joe Burrow's gonna say all the right things publicly. Jamar Chase is gonna say all the right things publicly. Joe Burrow's not taking less. He didn't take less when it was time to get paid. Jamar Chase ain't giving you a hometown discount. He's gonna get the money that he deserves and it's warranted. But that's the thing, Ocho you notice that. You hear it now them quarterbacks.


I mean it's, I don't got no problem if that's what you wanna do. But why they always expect us to get, why do do and fans, I don't, why do fans expect millionaires to give billionaires a discount? Y'all always talk about all the wealthy. These guys are super, I mean whatever the rich player, whoever has made the most money as an NFL player, it's not even a 10th of what? The owners not even Close. I that's, that's what I don't get. Ocho and and the players. Yeah. And and what the team will do, they'll frame it well he wouldn't give us a discount. So he's not he's not a team player.


They don't wanna win. Yeah. Not one. Not in the NFL. Not one of them gave these networks a discount. Oh no at all. I just listen. I want t to get Absolutely. I want it. And listen, if you hit the market, not only is he gonna get more, He hit the market, he ain't coming back. They better get something done. They better get something done in the first. They better have. 'cause you know you have that ocho you have that, what they call it, that period where they could, I forget the name of it, where you can talk to guys. It's right. I forget what that negotiating window's called. But anyway, they better do something because if he, if he visits another team, he ain't leaving the building.


Hey, you know what they finna offer? They, you know what they finna offer young boy, man, you know they overpay me. You hit the car. Absolutely because I got you. Because I gotta get you outta that situation. Why would you leave for e profitable money? Unless it's really bad. Maybe you just wanna be out. But for the most part, they overpaid because they really want you outta that situation. You gotta uproot your family. You gotta put, put kids in school. If you don't have, even if you don't have kids, you know your family, they're used to being in that area. 'cause you've been there for at least a minimum of three to five years. Right? This is the thing. Yeah, the tampering. So you got that tampering window ocho where you can have conversations. If I'm the Bengals, if I want him, I got a tamper early and often.


It's the funny thing though, even if they do overpay, if he does hit the market, it really wouldn't be overpaying. You paying for exactly what you get. Every penny he worth every last penny. Every last penny. And he, he deserves it. You know, I I I talked about plan childhood dreams finally making it, you know, I know you want the band to stick together. I know you want the band to stick together, but why? You got to be the one to take less? You, you're just as deserving as everybody else. Why you got to be the one to, you know what I'm gonna beat up man. Ain't ain't for that man. Nah. I want a big for this time around. Don, you, I want a big piece of chicken. You know what I'm saying? I, I, I like wings, I like short thighs.


I like joint, but I want the breasts. I want, I want a big piece. Right? I want the daddy. I want the daddy or the granddaddy piece of chicken now. Yeah. Listen, I I I would love, I would love for things to work out, you know, the right way. You know, as, as a, as a fan. As a fan. But I can, I com I can compartmentalize and separate the two. I can separate the business side and actually I can sit side of me being an actual fan and wanting everybody to stay together. Understanding that it's not possible because somebody gonna have to take the short edge of stick and it shouldn't. But here's the thing. OCHO fans don't understand that the players are business also. They only look at it from a, not, not all, I shouldn't say all or every, but a lot of fans only look at it from an NFL standpoint that it's a business.


Right? They don't look at the players. Well, they're doing business also. And I've gotta make the best decision because when the players could, when when teams cut players, the first thing they say, it was a business decision. We gotta do what's in the best interest of the team. But when a player does, what is the best interest of the player fans, A lot of fans label himself. He don't care about winning. Look what Brady did. Look what Brady, How Many, lemme ask you a question. Yeah, I saw what Brady did. How many of those players is gonna get a 10 year, $375 billion contract when they retire? How many of those players' wives were making 30, $40 million?


Does any of these players, I wanna know the player right now, currently that his wife or girlfriend, significant other, makes that kinda money that it's okay. Oh, I opened it down there in Kansas City to tight end. Yeah. Michael Irving says, Brian Schottenheimer needs God to turn around to cowboys. Let that sink in. Jack, one of the all time great cowboy players lives currently still in Dallas bleeds blue and silver says that Brian Schottenheimer needs God to turn around.


Dallas. Yeah. DAXs over there talking. Well, Mike already said they gonna win the A-F-C-A-F-C next year. Dak said they're close. I mean, San Francisco is close to la I ain't trying to walk it though. Cowboys are not close to the Eagles. Even the fans in Dallas know, even the fans in Dallas know that. And deep down the players know that they're not close. Your offensive line isn't comparable. You're too ski. Your wide receivers aren't comparable.


Your running back damn sure isn't comparable. Your quarterback, the difference between your quarterback, he might have better stats, but it doesn't play better in big moments. Your defense damn sure isn't better. Y'all got one player, y'all prob they probably got one player on Dallas Defense that will play for the Eagles. And that's Micah. Micah. Irv says, shot Brian. Schottenheimer needs God to turn the Cowboys around. What you think Ojo, Hey Mike, shot out man. Hey, I mean the cowboy decent. Some work, especially defensively, we know that there have been some games where they showed up and showed out, but I it it, it is all on that.


It's all on that this year, baby. It's all on that. Dak is gonna have to be the one to overcome all the struggles you got to, whatever struggles they have on defense, Dak has to overcome that. Any issues on offense, Dak has to overcome that. Similar to what Mahome does, similar to what Mahome does with the Kansas City Chiefs. I'm not saying these Patrick Mahomes, I'm just saying in order for the Cowboys to have success, Dak has to play that much better than what's around him. Does that make sense? Yeah, But when has he done that? I'm not Outside of what I'm just keep telling me Dak tell, telling Turnovers is not, but that's who Dak is. If you go back and study Dak look, he turns the ball over at Don't at I'm confused.


I'm I'm confused by what people don't, don't, they don't believe what they see. Oh, he gonna do Okay. Eight years is a large sample size. No, that's nine years. 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24. So D's been in the league nine years. This is about to be his 10th year. Isn't that a large enough sample size to see what he is? I can't argue with that. The Volume.


Hear that? That's the beginning of a journey powered by the confidence that comes from driving a vehicle so reliable. It's backed by a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty where your journey ends. Well, that's up to you. Visit your local Kia dealer today. Kia movement that inspires. See retailer for warranty details always drive safely. Limited inventory available.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.