
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music, music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global. Backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers


The Volume


NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring Touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobil himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


So the team that the Kansas City Chiefs will face in the Super Bowl are the Philadelphia Eagles. Time for me to go Coach Tyreek wont without punctuation. Dolphins fans panic wondering if he was telling Mike McDaniel if it's time to leave Miami two are suffering Another concussion heading into week eight. Derrick Henry's on pace to break the record. Is it Mike McCarthy decided to bench Bryce Young less than 24 hours. He didn't concern himself about culture. They punished George Pickens the night. Bryce Young era temporarily has been halted. Dave Canales decided to bench Bryce Young less than 24 hours after telling everyone he's starting the red rifle.


Andy Dalton is being named the team starter quarterback moving forward this season. Young was reportedly shocked by the benching and told and, and sources told Jordan Schultz it came outta nowhere. Nah, I actually didn't. If you go back and look at your play, look at them play. It ain't come outta nowhere. No one anticipated the plug being, no one anticipated the plug being pulled after just two games with a new coaching staff. But a reminder that the Patriots Panther, excuse me, traded so much to get him. They traded DJ Moore 2023 first round pick, which was Darnell Wright, a 2023 second round pick, which was Tyreek Stevens. He, I think he's a starter 2024 first round pick, overall pick Caleb Williams and a 2025 second round.


You don't Do that. You don't do that. You don't do nobody like that. For one. I'm gonna start with David Teer because what David Teer is doing is insubordination. I don't even know what that mean, but it sound like it fits for this goddamn scenario. Well, he can't insubordinate because he's the higher up. Yeah, Insubordinate. Okay. He's the higher up. And That's the problem because now you pointing the fingers at Bryce Young, like Bryce Young is the issue. That's not the issue. Yeah, That's not the issue. Look, They're the board Talent. The quarterbacks before Bryce Young got there, I thought they was the problem. Who was the quarterback before Bryce?


Young Man. They had Sam Donald, they had Baker. Baker, Sam, Donald Baker. Keep going. I I don't, I don't know who, I don't, I don't really know who came directly after Cam. That's the hope. That's what I'm trying to say. It's been a re a revolving door of quarterbacks not having success because they don't have what they need around them to be successful. There was a reason you was able to get Bryce Young because he is the number, either the number one pick for a reason. You were able to have the number one pick for a reason. So now you expect Bryce Young to come in, had a coach, had a different coaching staff last year. You hired Dave Canales. Right? You bring him in, you let him play two games. He has nothing surrounding him to help him.


But now you're gonna bench him and you gonna start Andy Dalton. Like that's going to answer problem Like Andy do. Gonna take you Somewhere like that's gonna answer the problem. No, fix the shit around him and then you put him in, put him in an environment and I guarantee you you'll find success. Oh, Bryce Young is the issue. Then people talk about, oh, he too short. Oh, he can't see. Hello? How tall is Kyle Murray? How tall is Baker Mayfield? I I Well we know, we know he taller than Kylea Murray. Oh, oh, I he absolutely is that, that that the, the re it's not Bryce Young Now, now what I will say, if you turn the tape on, there will be some discrepancies in his play.


Oh, his confidence is shot, man. He Got, yeah. Hell yeah. Listen, and this is no disrespect to any of the receivers that are on the Panthers. No, I'm listen, no disrespect, you know, I love, you know how I feel about you even if I don't know you personally. But he has, you know what, I ain't gonna say that 'cause I don't wanna be disrespectful. I think the thing is, I don wanna be disrespectful. The question is if, if Andy Dalton is the, is the answer, I need to know the question. Hold on Red. I'm just gonna keep it. Hey, y'all know what we do. We, I keep it. I keep one. So if he the answer what's question? Listen, I think having a veteran presence, I'm not sure what the Panthers are gonna do going forward.


Maybe allowing Bryce Young to sit for a year watching, watching the media outlets and some of the pundits, some of the analysts are saying Bryce, young Time and Caroline, But they want everybody to play. 'cause every everybody think they gonna get CJ Strau. The problem is Ocho is that people forget. Do you realize Patrick Mahomes sat his entire rookie year except one game. But that's not what they do with rookies this year. Now they don't even give the rookies time to develop and learn from the sideline. Clear the deck. You get drafted, number one, they throwing you to the wolves. They throwing you to the fire. Yeah, you got to get out there. Carson didn't start. Carson didn't start the whole year. John Did kid start. Yeah. So times have changed now for one, the money that's being invested in these players, you know, or we paying you so much, we need you to go out there right now and earn that paycheck.


You need to earn what you making now. It's okay if you go to a team that is competent with weapons around you that you can use at your disposal that makes your job easier. What Bryce Young has to do is he has to put on his fucking cave and be Superman, which he cannot do because he has nothing to use around him. And I mean, I mean, I mean that you as respectful as possible. You traded DJ Moore, somebody that could have gave him a quality receiver. You traded him. And I like Adam Feland, but Adam Feland, I mean he, he's not what he wants. Well he's not that Pro Bowl receiver anymore. He's A, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a decent number two. Look at the receiving court in general.


And I mean this in, no, I'm not trying to be disrespectful. You know, we talking about number two, we talking about twos and threes. Like who can Bryce Young, oh, stay with me now. Who can Bryce Young right in the time of need, life or death situation. He can come to the ball, get up on the center and look at a receiver and say, you know what? Right now on this plate, I need you, I need you to win for me. Hell or high water. Yeah, I know you got me no matter what, who can he, who can he do that to? Who can he do that with? CJ Schwa got somebody to do it with. Patrick Mahome got somebody he to do it with. Yeah, Joe Bur got somebody he to do it with.


Like, you can go down the list of teams that always have one dog you just mentioned. You gotta have one, one dog. And the more you have, the better you Are. I know I can count on no matter what he got me. It's nothing. And then you get he, yeah, you got, he's having a string of bad plays back to back and all that does to a player's confidence. You already know what it does. He, they asked him, have you lost your confidence? He said, my confidence is in the Lord. And when he said that it, Oh yeah, Yeah. When he said something like that, it shot, it shot.


I'm, I'm Christian. I believe I I believe in the man upstairs too. In that environment. That, that killer mindset. Well, the Carolina Panther. The Carolina Panther fans ain't trying to hear that At that moment. No. Listen, the killer mind, the killer mindset you have to have at the quarterback position you com and number one, you, You can't shake my confidence. The Confidence is number one. That's number one. Once that's gone, you just a shelly yourself out there. You, you'll she yourself. Because I wish more guys realized Ocho for me, how you gonna break my confidence coming from where I came from? Oh yeah. Do you know what it took just for me to get here now that I'm here? You think so? Oh, you think, okay, I dropped a couple passes, y'all boo y'all think that's gonna break me?


I should have been broke a long time ago because there along the way, I'm sure it's been 75,000 people that doubted me at some point in time. And I might not know 'em. Just like you don't know half them 75,000 or the 76, 70 7,000 or how many people that come to Carolina game. You don't know them. You can't break my con You can't shake, you can't break my confidence because I know, first of all, you, you drafted me. 'cause clearly you, you liked what you saw on tape. I played on a big time program. I won big time games against big time competitions. But don't, don't don't let a couple of bad plays. Don't let somebody pull. Now look, it's easy for me to say, 'cause I've never been benched ocho so that's a lot easier for me to say.


I try to do, make sure I do everything I possibly could. You know, it's different for a tight end receiver that it is a quarterback. They have a lot more on their plate than what we have on our plate. But nah, you're not finna break my confidence. You are not finna shake me just 'cause I have a couple of bad games. Hey, But see he might, he might. I'm gonna do me, I'm, I'm gonna go out there and do me. And it's a lot, like I said, Ocho, I'm responsible for my play. He's responsible for everybody. When things go good, he's gonna to get the credit. When they go bad, he gonna to get all the blame. That's What happened as a rookie. Look at the circumstance. He's coming in, he's coming into, as a rookie last year, there's a reason he was the number one pick because the It damn sure in Alabama it damn sure in Alabama you come, You he, Because when you follow tour, you follow Mac Jones and you got those receivers that you got, you got Jameson Williams and you got met and you got those title, you got those running backs, you got Jamir Gibbs.


Listen, you coming, you coming up from a winning environment surrounded by adequate weapons that makes your job easy. I'm not saying the court is easy, but when you have certain players around you and you have certain weapons at your disposal, you're able to facilitate the ball in efficient way. And that's something that he can do. He has to put on the cape and be something that he's not. He can't be Superman. Name one quarterback right now. Chad, listen Chad, listen to me. Name one quarterback right now that you can put on the Panthers and it would turn the whole franchise around. Who, Who?


Look, you ain't got, but you look, first of all, you ain't got but a handful of guys. You probably got like three or four guys Ocho that could go there. And it Ella, it raises the level of play. That's hard for a rookie because you gotta look at when Peyton, Manny got the Indy, you know what Peyton Manny had? Yeah. Ocho he had Marvin Harrison, he had, he had Marshall Paul. Two guys. First of Ball Hall of Fame, Marshall Hall fought was an, an MV was an MVP and a two time offensive player of the year. And we know what Marvin Harrison is. That's what he have. And they say, you know what we gonna do? That ain't enough. We gonna go get you. Reggie Wayne, you know what? That ain't enough. We gonna go get Andrew James.


Oh dang, ain't enough. We gonna get you Anthony Gonzalez. We gonna get you. Joe Guy, Dallas Clark. Dallas Clark Or Brandon Stokely. Man, don't, man, don't don't get me started. If you look at what Patrick Mahomes inherited, he had, look what he got. He had Tyreek and he had Kelsey and they went out and they went out and got Sammy Watkins Been fortunate. Listen, you know, you, you think about everything you just said, drafting the right way. Be putting pieces around the quarterbacks so they can have instant success. What, what is Brother Teper doing over there? And they wanna blame it on the quarterback. If up, they wouldn't Blame Quarterback Brady was the only one that coach Tom probably said, coach Belichick, don't you draft anybody else because you ain't drafted but one player that's been some good and that's Gronk.


Everybody else, we got free agency. We got, I mean, what was am Amen Dola. We you got him in free agency. I think Edelman was a, was a undrafted fridge or a low round draft pick. You weer you, you, you signed him. But he was an undrafted. You look at the guys that he signed, boy they would've been good and terrible. You remember he got Tyquan Thornton, the guy from Baylor, they ran like 4 2 6 4 2 7. Yeah man, couldn't play dead on the whistle.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course, we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime, you can have what you need, deliver the same day. But it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing, working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that our must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but WW describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


We All have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Dear Yes, my love, will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate? Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times, yes. I will always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at check one offer per member cannot with other discounts or offers. Delivery taxes extra other restrictions may Caleb?


Yep. You gotta run. Like when you make a detour like you going out of bounds Ocho run four five and get on up out of bounds because they not playing. They gonna, if they get that, they get that close to your OCHO because you don't have the protection of the pocket. You gonna run or you're running back. They gonna lay wood on you. Ocho what'd you take from this ball game? Listen, I I enjoyed the ball game. Listen, Caleb Williams, what he has to do, he has to learn to protect the ball, learn to protect the ball, learn to live to see another play. Some of those deep throws. Listen, I like what he's able to do as far as his escap ability. Oh, you know, being, being able to extend plays, trying to make plays down the field to try to get his team into the game. But you can't, you, you can, you can't do it. You can't do it.


Obviously like college sometimes some of those receivers were wide open when you are able to, to dodge a, the d tackles in the d tackles and the guards that might have, that might've gotten through. But you know, these players, these players are covered. Sometimes you throw in, in a, in a double coverage sometime you, you, you throw in weight. He had one, one throw unc he threw way across his body from the right hash The, all the way back across the field and got picked. Yep. Oh man, Listen, nah, it, it, it is not, it's not gonna work sometime listen, just throw the ball away and lived to see another down. I mean, other than that. Listen, they they pressured him. They, they pressured him a lot. You know, they, they fooled him with, with some of the coverages and other, other than that, I mean, it was a good game.


It was a good, I actually enjoyed the game because towards the end, the bears actually had a chance to come back win. He got real interesting. Yeah, It got very interesting. It's funny how that always works. You know, that you ever, you ever noticed that? I do. Because the thing is, it seemed like they, the Texan was going in to put the game away. Cam Baker, the ball ball. They anybody going go a touchdown ocho they're about to go up. Two scores they're about to put together game Over, Game away would've over. And that's what you have to guard against. Because if you think about it, Ocho more teams lose games than teams win games. Yes sir. There's more, a lot more losing than winning. Not, we know at the end of the day, they're gonna have to have, somebody's gonna have to win unless the game ends of the tie.


Right. But you go back and look, you look at it like, okay, this was a direct correlation to why we lost the game. And you know, like you said, Caleb Williams, I think he, he, he has a great, he, his escap ability is unbelievable. He can make every throw. He just has to understand this isn't college. Everybody, everybody at this level is elite. Even if there, you know, there's tears to it. But you're talking about the best of the best. You only got 1600 men in the world of 8 billion people that do what you do. Yeah. 1600 of 8 billion. That's a very, very minute percent of men that can play this game at the highest level.


Kyle Murray says it's not his job to feed targets to the rookie wide receiver Marvin Harrison, who Hitting me, who, who, who he really say that. Or, or maybe, maybe may. Do you think they missed, I i as a quarterback, obviously you're going through your reads. Sometimes the ball goes to him and Fucking read. But that's not my job. I have a I have a, I have a sense and a feel for guys when they don't get the ball and when they're getting the ball. Hey, fun man. Hold on. Now. This, this, if I'm Kyle, Kyle Murray, call Kyle. I know you gonna see this when you come out the huddle.


What number? Marvin Harrison, I mean Marvin Harrison Jr. Will 18 isn't it Kyle Murray, when you come out the huddle, you and you, you're making your points with the line. Point out the mic, check the courage, whatever side 18, go to look at the db. If it's one on one, throw it to him. Don't worry about no read. He is the read. He's the read what you talk about. It's stuff like this that makes noise. It's not My job. That is your job. He Why you think that took and forth football? Kyle, I'll give you one Go off script.


You know what it is? That's over fucking coaching. That's what it is. That's over coaching. That's why that, that's why he said that answer the, they're over coaching him, forcing him to go through his reads when, hello? You got a special individual. Individual that was the fourth pick for a goddamn reason. You knew that to a rookie. Ocho Ain't nobody over coaching. Kyle. Kyle on some bull jive. Kyle been on some bull jive. But I ain't look I I ain't finna go there. This is not the time. This is about him. Not a rookie. Right. You trying to win game. A rookie Quarterback trying to win game coach him, this man have been to the Pro bowl and you be this man was wasn't he rookie of the year? Wasn't he Rookie of the year. And then you gonna talk and you gonna talk about, that's not your job.


So tell me what your job is. I'd like to know. So you been to tell me the guy rookie of the year, the guy's a pro bowl. He's been to the Pro Bowl, he's taken a team to the playoffs, but that's not his job. That explain, that explains. Now you see why now you see why. All I'm gonna say is now you see y You know what, you know what's gonna happen though? Who, who called? Who the called to play tomorrow? Who The cards play Ash. I guarantee they, I guarantee they feed in tomorrow. I guarantee they feature him tomorrow. They play the ram.


I bet that. Oh shit. Damn. Hey, but EE even though still, even with them playing the Rams, I guarantee you they feature Marvin Harrison and he has a welcome to the, to the NFL Day Gu. I guarantee you it's just, it is just the way it works. It's just the way, I'm not saying I know the script, but after a day like that, which to me is an embarrassment, especially with the quote coming behind you, you starting quarterback saying something like that, you franchise quarterback. That's an embarrassment. They gonna feature Marvin Harrison Jr. Tomorrow. I guarantee you The wise thing would say, look, I gotta un I understand that my playmakers and I gotta do everything in my power to make sure I get them involved early and often.


Yeah. You, what did Tom Brady say? Tom Brady said, it's my, Tom Brady said, it is my job to get my playmakers the ball early. Who wants to go the second quarter to third quarter before they get a target? That's what Tom said, right? Kyle Murray is saying, that's not his job. Now, Chad, you see what I'm talking about? You see the difference between mentality. You see how some, how the great players think and the other players looking to place the blame on somebody else. So in other words, what he's trying to do, Ocho is any blame that you might have placed on me. That's the coach's job. Now listen at the other great quarterbacks, and when they talk Peyton Manning, the Tom Bradys, the Mahomes, all those great quarterbacks, they go out of their way early to make sure their playmakers get involved early.


Kyle Murray said, that's not his job. Uhuh. I mean, listen, I I I'm not Kyle Murray is, is media savvy. He's, he's savvy enough to be able to answer that in a different way. And I just, it it was upsetting for me because on Marvin Harrison Jr's debut as an NFL player, it shouldn't look like that. No, It Should, it shouldn't looked nothing like that. Nothing like that. But I, I know one thing tomorrow's gonna be, I guarantee you, and I bet anybody in the chat, I bet you a dollar tomorrow he gonna have a Date. Ocho. Now you see where I was born when I was born.


Now you see ocho it it, it, The mental, the mentality is different. The mentality is different. Man, look here. Mm Guys, I know. Y'all think, I think, yeah. No, look. Oh shit, What happened? Nothing. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm good because I, I took a nap. He, Man, I just, it would bother me. It would, it it, the way They talking It bothers me. Some of these guys' mentality. It bothers me that winning is not of the utmost. Why the f am I here?


Why am I putting my body through this? Why am I denying myself when I train? I question myself every day. I went to train. I asked myself a couple of questions. Why am I doing this? When is this over? What am I doing it for? How long is it going to last? Right? And then I gotta come and hear somebody talking about it's not his job. Guess what? Yeah, Lord have mercy. It bothers me man. It really does because all I want to, all I, all I care about is winning. How do we get better? You don't get better with players like Kyle Murray.


His mentality is not what it needs to be. Go listen to all the other great players. Look at and listen to Elway. Look, listen to Marino. Listen to Aikman. Listen to any great and they'll tell you, I gotta get my playmaker involved early. They not saying it is not my job. You got the damn ball. It is your job. You touch it the most. You touch it the most. But that's, that's why I say over coaching. 'cause when, when the, when, when someone a quarterback throws out, I have to go through my reads. That's coaching. That's them being in his ear a little bit too much. Guess What? If I'm a quarterback damnit, all of a sudden I can't read where 18 at. I don't even know the rest of the damn play.


18. Get open. Listen, That, that's, oh, that's a veteran move. Now that's something me and Carson was doing in year five and six and seven and eight. That's a, that's a veteran move. I'm not sure if he has the, the leeway he got to be able to go off. So like that. Hell, He done got one coach fired. He can get another one fired. It's easy to fire a coach than it is a quarterback. It's just, it's just, it's just man, it's just the, the, the, the, the mindset of some of these guys. That's what, that's what it is, Ocho. That's all I'm saying. Right, right. Yeah, I bet I-I-I-I-I bet ask him what his job is on card. I bet he know that. I bet he know that. I bet, I bet he know what his job is on that.


I get best when he playing partners. Ain't nobody gonna say, man, it ain't, it ain't your job to protect the blind spot. It ain't your space, ain't your job to go in there and do that. I bet don't how to tell him that He'll be fine. He'll, he just gotta, you gotta, he gotta choose his words a little, a little, a little better. That's all. Two was suffering another concussion. Ocho knowing his history. I don't know why he had already had the first down. Why didn't he go down and slide? That's my thing. You know Ocho, you probably played with a bum shoulder or a bum something. The last thing you wanna do is get hit on it. So you gonna make you gonna, Hey, you ain't hit me on that shoulder or I'm gonna turn above the shoulder, let you hit me on the shoulder.


That's good. But I'm not gonna let you hit. If I know Ocho I've had head trauma like three or four of those. I'm not taking, I'm gonna slide. That's what the protection is in for the quarterback. I mean, listen, what I did see is him trying to run for the first down understanding. He got the first down. I'm not sure if he was aware of already having the first down, but you already know how you're supposed to slide. You never slide head first as a quarterback. That's one of the first things you learn when you scrambling. You come out the pocket is how to slide correctly to a, you already know. You already know you've had three or four concussions you missed not last season, but the previous season due to concussions. So you should always be aware, not only of surroundings, but when I'm talking about when enemies, not enemies, but when you in danger and when, when you gotta know when to go down, you have to know when to go down.


So I think he didn't realize he was well past the first down and didn't and didn't think DeMar Hamlin was gonna close. That's even more of a problem. Was gonna close in that goddamn fast. And it was too late. It was too late. If anything that's, if anything slide early slide and you always go feet first. That's even more of a problem if he didn't know he had the first down. Yeah. Considering you supposed to know, you can see, I mean, most guys know that. You can see that outta your peripheral because you looking left or right to make sure there's no oncoming trait. Nobodys gonna sideswipe you. Okay. I, oh I got this first. You know, you know, you know how I know he didn't know he had the first because he was diving head first. Because if, you know already he got the first, there's no need to be going forward at all.


Just give yourself Up. No, he was try give yourself up. No, he was try, he was trying to set the tone. Trying to fight a crowd up. Remember you like guys to fight you like guys, That was different. That was Lamar going out of bounds and seeing the safety coming on and just, you know, just give a little shoulder to let em know it's gonna be a long night. Nah, Nah, I ain't finna give you no shoulder. Not my throwing shoulder anyway. I give you the other shoulder, not the one I use to throw the football with Elcho. And I don't, I don't take this lightly and I really hate saying this, but two of them will probably need to seriously consider sitting it down. If you notice, the concussions are starting to look worse and worse. If you notice every time he has a head trauma, he gets rigor. He get what they call rigor and mortars.


It's a hold on a doctor. This is what a doctor sent me when it happened. It's called dece posturing. A rare abnormal body position that indicates severe brain damage or disruption of brain function is dece de December, dece decerebrate rigidity or extensive re posturing, arms held straight out, rotated toward the center of the body held parallel to the side leg. These are some of the symptoms. Legs extended and rigid. Toes pointed downward, turned slightly inward. Hands flexed, back arched or stiff wrist flexed away from the body. Fingers curled.


How many times have you seen him get that Ocho? Yeah, I mean, what three. And it start and, and every time he gets it Ocho it's not, you know, some people get it and then little wood like, okay look, he got his bed wrong but ocho he going stiff with it. Ocho he's getting stiff. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, li listen at, at this point, I, I heard what you just said about him. Probably, probably sitting it down and shutting it down. You know, you gotta understand. We, we, we just, I'm talking about we, they just paid to a, they just put tape, they paid to a, a lot of money because he's the future of the franchise and the quarterback. In order for them to contend, he has to be at the helm to do that. Now, in order to do that, he also has to be healthy and he has to protect himself.


So at, at this point going forth, he was able to, he was able to play all last season without this type of injury, without any mistakes. You know, when he does come back and I'm sure he is gonna come back, I'm not sure how long he's going to have to be in the, in concussion protocol. But he has to take better care of his body, his head and just make smarter decisions when he does scramble. Because, you know, you gotta think too, it's not known as a dude threat quarterback. It's not that many times he's going to be out there running around and taking off with the ball as opposed to a Josh Allen or you know, a Pastor Mahomes or Lamar Jackson. So when he does scramble, he has to make the right decisions and protect himself and learn how to slide. Oh Joe, the Dolphins beat the Jags.


But the big news actually happened before the game. And this is what happened. Tyreek Hill was detained by police Sunday. Yes sir. A block away from Hard Rock Stadium or a driving violation. He was reportedly stopped for speeding and then got into a verbal al altercation with the police and was subsequently placed in handcuffs. Dolphin teammate Kez Campbell, John New Smith stopped to offer support for Hill leading Campbell detainment for disobeying a direct order. Miami-Dade police department released a statement, requested an immediate review of the incident. One of the officers involved in the hill detainment was placed on administrative duties during the investigation. Note. Not administrative lead.


Yeah, administrative administrative duty. Which means he's gonna be at the desk. He's not gonna be in the field. Ocho what was, what would, we're gonna, we're gonna discuss the game. So but Ocho this situation. Yeah, yeah. You of I have driven the home games. I did it for over 14 years. You did it for 11, 12 years. Hmm. So, you know, it's like, yeah. Lay out, give yes, give the fans an idea. You go into the stadium, you gotta be at the stadium. I mean, normally they ask you to be at the stadium two hours before the game. So, okay, now Ocho, you leave the hotel night before the game, right? I don't know if you stayed there the full time or you go back home and change, but you're on your way to the stadium. Take the fans through probably what transpired with Tyreek.


Yeah.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime, you can have what you need delivered the same day. But it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing, working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in, everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Dear Yes, my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me? And be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times, yes. I will always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers, delivery and taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Everyone's talking about GLP ones like Ozempic Semaglutide with Future Health. You can find out if they're right for you too. Just go to try fh.com. That's try fh.com and find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


I mean, well, well obviously he was headed to the stadium. I mean the, the rest of, if I'm blocking the background that's that's right. Outside the stadium. Outside of outside in the backyard, yes, because you know, because you could see the stadium, you know, in the, in the background. So obviously, obviously he was right there. I'm not sure what, what actually, what actually happened. I'm not sure what time it was. I'm not sure if it was running late. So obviously if you're stopping for a driving violation, the only type of driving violation you could have two hours before a game would have to be speeding of some sort. Maybe not using your signal. I'm, I'm assuming something minor. Well, speeding is not minor obviously, so I'm, he I'm assuming he was pulled over because all all I, all I have to go off of is based on what we all saw.


I mean that, that's it. I I I think, I think it's unfortunate. I think it's an easy fix. I think it was a very easy fix to where it even ha it didn't even have to get to this point to, to where it got to today. I'm not, I'm not sure if cooler heads had prevailed in that, in that time or in that manner or him being detained wouldn't have happened in that, in that situation. I think you and I have talked about it before, when you're stopped by the police and, and doing all you can to be able to, to, to resolve the issue without it going any further. You know, I'm not sure if Tyree said anything, maybe the officer was, was having a bad day, was having a, a bad day.


But there has to be some level of respect on both ends where this, where, where this doesn't happen. The fact that I don't have the evidence on what really happened and what transpired for it to get to that point. It's hard for me to dig deeper and say some of the things I want to say outside of the fact. It shouldn't get to that point though. There should be a level of respect on both ends. Obviously. Especially Miami, Miami Police Department. If you working a game, if you working a game, you're on detail at the game and you know it's a player, obviously maybe extending him a little grace if he is running late letting him know, hey, reek, if anything just slow down a little bit baby. 'cause you got people, you got foot traffic, obviously there's a game going on.


People trying to get to the game. Slow down a little bit if you're gonna be late, if anything, just take the fine or whatnot, whatever, whatever it might have been. I don't know what it was. But again, I mean, as officers knowing that there's a game getting ready to be played and knowing that it's, it's a player not saying he should be getting, getting graced. Obviously there are rules and laws that you have to abide by, but it just, it just, there's a certain level of respect that officers normally have for a player or in a situation and understanding what's going on. But in, in this case, you know, I think the thing Is ladies and gentlemen, like we go to the game. We were had to be, we were required to be to the game at least two hours before the game. So our game was start at two o'clock.


Yeah. Because we in mountain time, so we start, had to be there at least by 12. I normally got to the, I normally got to the stadium about four and a half hours before the game. So I normally got to the game of the stadium about four and a half hours before the game. So the traffic wasn't as heavy. But a lot of times they block it off because they don't want traffic. They wanna be able to control the traffic coming in one way. They don't want the normal flow of traffic being able to come in all directions. So there a lot of times they'll have it blocked off. Right. I was always conscious of that. And So, you know, anytime I pulled up to an area and I saw police officers, I would al, I would like roll my window down to let 'em know this is Shannon because my window, I always had, you know, I always had 10, but I wanted them to know that, hey, I'm Shannon, you know, hey, I'm going to the stadium.


And a lot of it, most of 'em recognized who I was. Hey, hey Mr. Sharp, how you doing? Have a great game. So forth and so on. Now obviously the later, the later you get to that, that cutoff time that teams have established, the more foot traffic is going to be coming. And so obviously you, they don't want you Right. Reading through their 50, you know, not even 35 miles an hour. They probably want you around five to 10 miles an hour because there's some traffic, like I said, I haven't been to in Miami state OCHO in since 98, so I couldn't, no, I actually, we played them in the divisional round. Yeah, but that's been so long. That's been so long ago Ocho so that's been over 22 decades. So I really couldn't tell you. And you know, know, normally when we come in on the bus, we got police escort.


So it's a lot different when you got police escort as opposed to being, you know, you driving yourself different. Yeah. And So you are absolutely right. I I think the thing is for that minor of a traffic for, okay, he's speeding and you got lay him face down on Yeah, hold on, hold on. Right. Oh, write him a ticket. Write write him a ticket. There's no reason to detain him. Right. There's no reason for him to be face down. But, but what you do have to think of if it, if it, if it's sought to that, if they resulted to the, to the point of having to have him face down like that. Well, yeah, Think might the bank Might an exchange back and forth. There might have been some exchange back and forth. That's the only time it gets to that point. When an individual is being somewhat volatile towards the law, then they take things in their own hands because as you get a little loud, what's the first thing they do Well and In that situation, no tried, they try to detain you.


They try a situation, Gone, escalate the situation. He got all the power, he got a gun, he got a taser, he got a baton. Yeah, he got a bulletproof vest on. Yes sir. He's in that situation. He's, God, my thing is, anytime the police officer comes to my car, I get pulled over. My job is to get him to the car, back to his car. Me on my way. He on his way with as little conversation as possible. I, okay, you pulled me over Mr. Sharp, sir, you know how fast you were going sir, I really don't but you, I I I welcome you telling me when you was traveling such and such and this my spine, I say I'm sorry officer, I, I didn't know I was traveling that fast, but I'm gonna take your word for it because I'm trying to get him ocho I'm trying to get him to my car.


Yes sir. Back to his car. As quick as possible, the longer he stays at my car, the greater the chance that there's something that we can, it can escalate. Now, a lot of times they're supposed to be in a situation right where they deescalate the situation, but that's not always how And plus, oh, you think because you this, you that you driving this car? Oh, you think you can? No, I don't think that. So that was, that's my whole thought process. How soon can I get him to my car, back to his car or on his motorcycle and get him on his way in a situation like that ocho for the, for Tyreek to be laid down. And it looked like I, I saw a video. It looked like the guy kneed him in his back.


I thought that was un Yeah, yeah, yeah. He, I he ain't kicking, but I thought he knee, I thought he needed, I could be wrong and maybe the video, maybe somebody, the video that I saw, maybe that wasn't how it happened, but it, it looked apparently to me that the guy did me him a little excessive. Yeah. Now I'm not saying that he dropped the, the Rick Flare l knee on him or something like that, you know, it wasn't wwe, but, but it looked like it was unnecessary. Right. It seemed to me that it was unnecessary that you lay a man down in the street for a traffic violation. I can see if the guy was, he was traffic violation and he was warned for some heinous crime, but I don't think that was the case.


But I think what's gonna happen, because this was so public and it is the Miami Dolphins and Stephen Ross and the NFL now is everybody's getting involved. Oh, you're gonna come to a quick resolution here and I can assure you that one probably won't happen again. I'm not gonna say category for certain, but there's a great chance that this won't happen again. That guy might have been a little over zealous. Yeah. I'm not saying that Tyreek wasn't speeding, but I'm just saying, I, I don't know if speeding warrants that laying a man down face down in the pavement. You put your knee in his back, you handcuff it. I mean, if you gonna do, if you going, if you gonna do all that, I mean, listen, you might well go and take him down.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. I mean, and yes, that, that would make it, that would make it even worse. That would, that would make it even worse. And obviously I wish the I wish the situation could have been rectified right away because there's certain levels you Shouldn't to hadn't gotten that Obviously me being from Miami. That I, that Yes. Not, not, not even close. Right? Not even close, not two, not two hours before a game when the officers understand that. Okay. Whatever the driving violation may have been. Listen, quick little talk. Listen, you gotta slow down, but you know what, okay, if you, you are speeding a little bit, Rick, listen, I know you got a game, baby. You can't be, you can't be driving that fast through here. Right? I got to get you a ticket. I got to get you a ticket, man. I got, I got to do right by the law. But I'm gonna let you go, let you go on about your way.


That's it. Simple. It's over. Driver's, driver's license, registration. I gotta write this ticket. Just slow down for me next time. We got seven more home games here. Next time you come through, Hopefully we got more than that. Just be driving the right way. Hopefully we got more homies, Huh? Oh, I, oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely Mo. Most definitely. Most definitely. But listen, it's, it's, I think it's a stain though. It's sustained on the Miami, on, on the, on the Miami people. It's Miami. It's definitely not a good look. It's definitely not good. Look, It's, it's over abusing your power just a little bit. Just a little bit. Yeah. Understanding the situation, understanding the circumstances, you know, it, Tyreek is no threat in this, in this situation.


He's not gonna do you any bodily harm. I mean, you, you know that. So I think it, I think obviously it was very excessive. No, and, and un unnecessary. Yeah. Like, like, but like, you know, I, I think the thing is, I mean like Tyreek said, what if he wasn't who he was? And the thing is now I think you know the cameras and a lot of times and people are like, well, body cameras on, you know, he had, he, they're wearing body cams and people like, well Shannon, yeah, you talking about you don't get on the elevator with women. Do you understand there was cameras? Do you know how many times we've seen stuff on cameras and mofo walk up out the courtroom, Scott ass free and you want me to change that? Just my luck. Guess what? The camera ain't working that day.


How many times there situation? Oh, the officer forgot to turn his body cam on Ocho, I assume nothing Thinking they slick the, the can The come off. The moment you pull somebody off, you supposed to hit that Be on, But that's neither the here nor there. Yeah, Tyreek's. Okay. Yeah. Probably a little, a lot embarrassed, not a little, a lot embarrassed because this played out in front of national law in front of, you know. Yeah, you play in front of millions, but I, I don't expect to be handcuffed face down with a knee in my back. Yeah. Oh, not, not in my own city. Not in the city I play for. And then Tyre, he did what Tyreek Hill does.


He catches a 80 yarder, takes it to the house. He ends the day seven, catch seven catches for a bus down 80 yarder. And then he did a by 10:00 AM they had his hand behind his back. And at 3:00 AM he had a celebration going with his hand behind his back. Yeah. Here in Jalen Waddle accounted for 200, his back, 11 of the Miami dolphin 400 total yards in offense. Two or through for 3 38. One touchdowns. Jacksonville was the ninth best defense against the run last season. And they showed it. Miami only had 25 carriers for 81 yards. But a chain had 75. Rush Waddle had five for 1 0 9.


Tyreek had seven for a buck 30. But this game seemed to be ocho, this game was about to be for the way Jag a at n The the Jags. And dude comes the Ja, the Jag and peanut punches. They get the ball and two plays later req. So what was about to be a 24 7 ball game, Ocho now all of a sudden you get the ball at the 20 and two plays later. Tyreek's in the end zone. Right? And so now what was supposed to be 24? Yeah, 24 7 is 1714 now. Now you get, now the crowds back in the game. Now the defense starting to feel good about themselves.


Yeah, we Got a ball game. But give Miami credit, Jacksonville had an opportunity to really put some, put some distance between them. They were unable to do it and it just go, it just, Yeah. And the blink went out. A momentum flipped just like that. Ocho a 14 point swing. Coach d Shine as they beat the bears, the defense held Chicago, the 63 yards rushing, four sacks, three turnovers. The coach gave up nearly 500 rushing yards to the first two opponent. Yet the bears attempted 52 passers. I don't know why Chicago had 247 yards in the first half. It was shut out in the second in the shutout at the half after four straight runs and shotgun in the four yard line and didn't yell the touchdown. This game featured two of the youngest quarterbacks in NFL Richardson and Williams, Caleb Williams responded late touchdown throw to R Dunay and Cole ett his first two NFL passing touchdowns.


Boy they got a lot to learn. Yeah, I couldn't, I couldn't even see it's, this is the only game I Couldn't see Ocho. They got a lot to learn. Yeah, they still, it's hard. Who they, Richardson is still trying, both of them are still trying to make throws that they made in college. And I keep telling they Got the arm, they got the arm to do it. No they Don't. You can't make them throws Ocho you not finn the roll one way and throw back across the field. Two picks. I don't know what his fir Richardson first interception in the end zone. Even if the ball wasn't tip it was going to get picked. He got three round dude round the guy and then he rolls and throws, tried to throw back across the field.


The same thing with Caleb Williams. Bro, you not getting away with those throws in this league. The guys are too good. This is not you. You're not playing Louisiana Monroe. You're not playing, you're not playing a FCS team. These guys are the best of the best. They make you pay for mistakes. So stop putting your team in harm's way. I think Anthony Richardson would be good, but he's gotta stop making these mistakes and he gotta learn some touch, bro. I mean sometimes he throwing the ball to the guy from me to this wall and he throwing it like he throwing it in the hurricane bro. Sometimes miles An hour. Yeah. And, and Caleb, what, what you 52 times.


Come on bro. Come what y'all doing? Hey, I wish, I wish y'all was playing in the offense when they throw the ball 52 times. I wish that's a receiver's dream. You know how many, listen, some teams only ran 65 plays. Sometimes you only run 65 plays and 52 of those are in the air. Yeah. But that means you gonna probably lose if you throw the ball that many times, you probably gonna lose. It ain't gonna be very many times now. It ain't gonna be very many times that you win a game where you throw the ball that much you behind, you're probably behind and you're probably gonna lose the game. Now if you want some stats that those are great, but yeah, you not winning 52 times.


What, what if you throw it 52 times and you win in the game? What if you throw it 52 times and you efficient? What if you throw 53 times and the quarterback is is 48 for 52? Yeah, but Ocho what are the, like normally when you throw that many times, what are you, you're behind and teams, but teams will let you hey do that. So they don't give up anything cheaper deep. Right. Just keep in front of us. Yes. Yeah, I mean I just, I I mean it's some of the guys and they just like, I I'm gonna show you, I, I just wanna know 'cause Anthony Richardson said that the college was harder than the NFL. I wanna know if he still feels that way. Wait, he, he, he said that last year? No, he ended this year before he got hurt.


He said that this year, he, this year. I don't, I don't really think he meant that though. I Just go what? He said, damn. I dunno if he meant it or not. He would just be, he would probably be so If a girl call you ugly. Oh she ain't mean that, that dang aint what she meant. She said it. Nah, if a girl, I mean nah, but you got, you gotta listen. You know a girl call you ugly sometimes she flirting and she really don't mean that. But you know, sometimes she said to Keep me humble. No, don't keep me humble. My Grandma, my grandma, my grandma, my grandma called me ugly all my life growing Up. I'm gonna take your word for it. I'm done with you old ugly self. Okay. Hey, I, I I try to convince nobody.


You did you mean that because you, So you remember the other day you said I was ugly? Did you mean it? Nah, you said it. I'm good. I'll keep it moving. You can't, you can't take it personally. I ain't take it personally. I just, I ain't finna be what I look like trying to, somebody gonna call me ugly and they think I'm gonna be with them. I mean come on. We ocho we grown. You do that in the fourth grade. Right? When you in elementary school, you gotta crush on somebody. You hit them, put your ugly self, you make me sick. We grown. Now we don't play no type of games. That means she really like you. Nah, nah, True. Hey, I mean, shit.


Rel called me ugly sometimes. Was she mad at you? Yeah, Exactly. So you know, listen, what, when, when is, when are women the the most honest? When they what? When they're angry. When they what? Thank you. So probably may. Maybe I'm, you know, I listen, I'm, I ain't the, I ain't, I'm not the, I ain't top 10 in the world. I'm not strong six and a half, especially with a haircut. If I get a haircut, oh. Long as I'm, long as I'm above five. I'm straight now when I ain't got no haircut and you know, I ain't, I ain't been on the waist. I'm be, I'm, I'm a yeah, okay. I'm a strong you, I mean, yeah, look.


Yeah, I mean I guess that's what you like. I'm looking for like you saying, I'm, I'm trying to be, I'm trying to be a strong six seven A seven. Yeah. I mean you say if you want, you want your girl, you wouldn't want your, you want you. So I mean you say what, what would you say? Re's what? Nine 10? A nine? Nah. Re she probably, I get, I give seven and a half. Shit. Hey, re you heard? Nah, she ain't there. Niece ain't there. Hey listen, my my dog, my, she, she, man, she, she might, she might a 10. I out kicked MCC recover though. You did. You did.


I out Kicked MCC recover. Yeah. And I only reason, only reason she probably listen, the only reason I she with me is I won because of my personality. Okay. I can see that. That's it. That's it. I'm, I'm just being honest because you know what they say. If you can make a woman laugh, you could laugh you. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna say it. You know what, I'm trying to get up. Yeah, I I get what you're saying. The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrader podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon Music, music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humid door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.