
Some stands for So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we Started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays At 7:00 AM on NBC.


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay, and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th, that Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The volume,


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40, or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new drafting customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer returns and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Okay, go ahead. Yeah, You know how it go Overlooking? I mean that little, is that the hustle behind you? Nah, it's, I don't know what it is. It's 20,000 a month though. Oh Lord. Yeah. Hey, hold on, Hold on. I'm in New York. I'm in my condo. I'm in New York. Oh, okay. How much you said it is a month? 20 what? 20,000. I mean we just, it comes with our furniture and stuff. That's a backdrop. That's probably green screen. Nah, it ain't, nah it ain't no green screen. Can I answer a Question? Hey, get up and walk back to get up there and walk back. I Don't walk around in my apartment like that. Okay. That's what I thought. This green. Yeah. I don't wanna, if somebody breaking my house and you going like, you feel me?


I just, How'd you be? Somebody gonna break in your house if you paying 20,000 a month for a place in New York that got, they got guard Because I got two of 'em. So it's 10,000 a month. So I'll just say 20. I'll just sum it up. What you mean you got two? What A mug. No, my mama live next door. What's funny? Hey. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey. What that Hey can I, what that a hundred dollars that you owe? What's Up? Huh? Sean? What's up Unc? What's up? I'm I good. Hey Man, where that hundred Unc, Why you y'all the same age? Why you just saying him?


Why you ain't never asked him that? Why you calling Mark? Like, make him feel old? Hey, Why you, why you ignoring me? Where's the a hundred dollars you owe me? You don't need it Marco. I don't want to, I don't listen, I don't wanna have to put no hands on you, but man, All I gotta do is call Harrison. Don't let me get Harrison on. Who? You know what I'm talking about? What's that? Annie Harrison? What's his name? Who? James Harrison? Yeah. Who was about to, and you just sit there and let him watch. You didn't do nothing. You was smiling the whole time. You ain't here. You knew you. I'm the promoter. No, but I'm saying you did. You, you seen he was scared and you just watched it go back and forth. Nah, Ojo ain't scared. Wait, You see, you see who was, oh, you seen who was Scared? No. You was scared of him. He a big dude Scared. I don't care about nobody being big, man.


Listen, you'll see you. Hold on, stay with me real quick. You'll see when we fight Super Bowl week, we'll see who's scared. I Know, but you ain't be scared to get beat up. Who? Get beat up? No, you ain't. You scared to lose. I mean, I wouldn't fight 'em. Why? I just got you scared. I, I protect myself. You see I'm in, I'm, you see where I live? I live in good environments. I work hard for myself. I, I work hard too. But you can't just let, you can't just let people because they big you, you're not supposed to be scared of yourself. You Gotta stand up yourself. I'm cussing under y'all. Well, you what? What, what gonna say? You scared As hell? Nah, I was just, nah, I was just saying, I, You know, I don't do that cussing shit. It's cool Man.


Mark, lemme ask you this. Were you, were you funny growing up or did you stumble into comedy? Were you a class clown or did you prank people of how, how did you, how did you stumble? How did you come into this role that you are now? Well, in school, well, I'm dyslexic. So Wait, you what? You what? Dyslexic. I'm a struggle. You gotta wear a word like ocho. What's funny?


Hey. And you can spell that. No, I'm not really. Okay. My bad. My bad. So you was dyslexic and then what happened? My Bad. I just struggling in school and just, You know, once, once people pick on you for not being able to read or spell, you gotta find your way to get out of it. So I used to just try to, to find a humor. And You know, you, I ever heard of popcorn reading Uhuh. Popcorn reading is where you like read and somebody pick you to read. So like, that's how they used to gimme the read. So like, a lot of people used to pick on me and Pick you. So did you, did you, did you get a diploma?


Did you get a certificate? Participation award. So what happened? Yeah, it was what, it was five students in the classroom and a dog. Two teachers, Ms. Collins. Well we, well we on here to speak our truth. For what? Yeah, For sure. I know it was, go ahead. My bad. My bad. Lemme Ask you. I'm just saying, what school did you, did y'all all graduate? Did y'all all go to like school? How many people was in your classroom? Yeah, I mean I was, I was in a full class. What's a class? What's a full class? 42. 42 students. Dude. But I, but I changed, I changed class every Period. How are your teachers focus on you with 42 students? I mean, it's a professor. That's what happened at the university.


No, but we had four students in our classroom. 'cause we can get like the teacher's focus on the, the main people. Did you stay in that same classroom the whole day? Or did you change classes at any point in time? During the day? I stayed in the same classroom. We had two teachers. So they, they wrote Interesting. Why you say that? Well, I mean, normally, I mean, most, most Students. When you say normally, what do you mean by that? Because I like, Normally most students, they change classes unless, You know, there are some deficiencies. What does that mean? I don't know what that word means. That means that, You know, you're deficient in certain things and they don't want you to get lost between changing classes.


So they just keep, they just keep you. Lemme ask you a question. Did the teacher meet you and let the school bus pull up? Did the teacher meet you there and walk you to class and then walk you back to the school bus? Or did they on the bus you walking You with? I was the only one that rode my bus. Oh, damn. I stayed in cl huh? I was, I stayed in Cloverly for a pars in Kansas City. Okay. So I was only, and that's because I lived in a project, so, okay. I, I was, I got selected to go to that school. That's what my mama told me. I was Selected. How many recesses and how many lunches did you have in a day? We had one, and then we had dog walk. Dog walk is where you get to walk the dog. Oh, okay. So What was you got what?


No, at home. Not in, not in school. Oh. What was your favorite subject? Lunch, nap time. I mean, I mean, You know, school was just, You know, it was fine. I, I graduated. You did? Yeah. With a diploma or a certificate? It was both. It was, it was in a plastic.


It was a plastic. It was le what's that called? Laminated. It was laminated. Oh. But You know, you have to have it laminated. They don't hand it to you laminated? No, they hand It laminated with us. And you open it up and I say, congratulations Marco Summers you have completed high school diploma. Oh, that's dope. Oh, you ain't, you ain't Go to college. I, no, I ain't go. Nah, college, You know, the college ain't for everybody. Right. You know what that fact, Who Fact that You've been able to, I know y'all only went to college because y'all was good at sports. Everybody on here. Let's be real. Everybody on here. Ain't that smart. Well, hold on. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That, that's, that's a fact. This Playing BI can read that one thing. Especially I got, I could read a Harry Potter book in a day.


So that's one thing that I am good at A Harry Potter book In day. So that's one thing a lot of people I can, I am good at reading. Oh, okay. Okay. I I I have a question. How did you go from trolling in Walmart to interviewing rappers and celebrities on couches? Like that? That's, that's tremendous for someone that didn't go to college for someone that didn't wear Okay. How you read. Okay. Okay. You ain't gotta add all that like I know. Okay. I'm my bad. My bad. Okay. I'm just How did you go from, I mean, I, I, I believe 'cause at Covid time it was like the city was shut down. So I was out and I got, You know, I was interviewing people on the streets, like, You know. Right. And I was like, always pay them for their advice.


Like how did they feel about Covid? So I was the only one working during Covid, like time still doing, You know. So that was one big thing. So, and then, You know, with me being able to talk to like, people out on the streets, it was just like opening the door that I was good at communication. So, and then, You know, just getting a chance to talk to a few underground rappers and then it start going up and up, You know, and then you go, see I like that condo right now. I like that You just said that $20,000 a month, this condo I worked hard for. Mm. At what moment, at what moment or what celebrity was your breakthrough? Where it was like, You know what, what I have going on and what I'm doing right now just might be bigger than just internet.


Funny. Where it's, where it's taking off to the point where you can afford a $20,000 a month condo. Yeah. The one I'm in right now, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I, well talking, getting to sit down with Nicki Minaj, that kind of like opened Oh, that took, that, that blew, blew, Blew you up. Yeah, it was a little scared. You know, like she a good part. I was just scared, You know, I'm talking to her. But No, Hold up. Nicki Minaj sit down with you and she won't sit down with me. Shannon, You know how you are. It's kind of hard sitting down with you. You know how you are when you sit down because you, how am I Shannon? You, you warm people up and then you just like, you, you, you hit 'em with it. Like, and then you act like, oh fuck. Oh, I didn't know it. So like one thing that I don't No, but you really good at manipulating the situation, which you are great at what you do, right?


Because everybody love you for it. Everybody watch their interviews, but you're really good at willing somebody in. You could be a detective on the show. Yeah. If 50 cent is watching this, he need to put you on power as a cop. It would be really good. I like that. I like, I like that. Hey, listen bro, your interviews like not real Gucci Live That you got on. What's that you wearing? I just, is it real Vuitton? Yeah, it's real. What, what is Supposed to be I'm see the tag. I I know where you got that from. Nah. Yeah. Louis Vuitton and Bad Harbor. What About you? Nah, but you say money though.


It ain't, it ain't, it is not because you cheap, You know how to say Money. Listen, you, I don't, I don't Think you understand. It is 2025 and I'm, I'm in a season of, of OCHO this year. I'm spending all year long. Okay. Well why you ain't paid on kids money all year Long? Yeah. That's a good Ain't pay hundred. Why you Owe 5,000? Why you ain't paying him? But you owe me a hundred? Let me get my Hundred. Okay. We ain't talk. That's little money. It ain't little money. It's the principle. Well, I said you need to go ahead. Hundred is hundred get your money. So that's, that's what we need to talk about. Okay. How about we do this? When you pay me my a hundred I pay on's money. How about That? Don't put me in the midst of that fire. Yeah. I mean I don't think that really has anything to do with it.


Don't, your one should not have anything to do with the other. Listen, the fact that I didn't even know he was coming on here, the, but he owed me money and I ain't seen him since I let him know that. You know what? I had never seen a Baldheaded homeless person. Y'all do really good for y'all community. No, I'm just saying. No. I said I never seen like all Baldhead men do really good. We can't, yeah, shouldn't have you ever seen a bad Baldhead dude? Bad, like doing bad. Oh, okay. I see what you mean. Every Baldhead dude, dude, Michael Jordan, everybody that's Baldheaded or a is always like, they good? Yeah. Steve Harvey. Okay. Yeah. You, I, okay, I trying to DMX I'm just saying everybody that's baldheaded, they ain't got shit to worry about.


They, they stressed out their Hair. The Wave Brothers. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Hey, are you, you married? No, I, You know, I want to get married, but I see like, it just seemed like it's a lot of papers to read and stuff. I'm not really a reading type of dude. Yeah. But but, but hold on. Didn't you just have, didn't you just have a little one? Yeah, I did. Yeah. But me, that was a, You know, You know how that goes, You know. No, tell me. Wait, You had A baby? Yeah, but You know how that goes. Why you talking about why you wait? You not you not A virgin. I'm not. I ain't a virgin. Why they, why they saying that? I'm shit? Because I don't be speaking on shit, You know? Okay. I mean, I, I need to go live so they know I be doing my thing, You know?


There you go. There you go Marco. So that was uncalled for. That was a, that was a low blow, bro. Well, I'm just saying. No, I had nothing to do with you. I'm talking to him. No, you talking about me. I mean, if, if the shoe fit, then where Some stands for. So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls.


They are you they are us. They are Washington, DC What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taken over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday, April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss. 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available bows, personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 with available HD enhanced intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine.


So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival. Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats.


Order Now Alcohol and select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Hey. Hey. Congratulations though. You got a little girl, little boy? I'm both. Oh, you got two? You know, I just genders. You can't just, you let, I'm gonna let her decide or him whatever. I'm gonna let them decide. Okay. Hey, I want to interview Bobby. Can you make that happen? I definitely can, but don't start no shit. You feel me? Please can we, what's, How am I gonna start? I'm saying You know what you do. Look at your shirt. The Joker like you, You know who you are. You wear your, like it is all in your face. Like, Hey Unc, who is Bobby? Bobby Ooff? Yes. Oh, ain't you, ain't you and Bobby Name. Nah, nah, nah, don't do that.


I'm just saying I saw, I Saw the chemistry. The chemistry y'all had together. No, we date. That's a friend shit. A friend of mine. But I feel like that I saw the, I saw the chemistry. I know a friend mean what kind of friend? What we talking about? I mean, look who's talking because when you in a relationship or not? Yeah, Me, yeah, my girl right Here. Oh, okay. With respect. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't Know I I'm trying to figure out what you getting at talking about. I'm like a detective. Say I ask a question and I'll be surprised. I don't, I don't know what they're gonna say. You be surp like when you, when you interview people, are you not surprised that some of the answers that they say but, But the clickbait what? I feel like people, you're really good at throwing somebody missed into it.


Like you would just add some shit about somebody that has nothing to do with it. You'd be like, You know what I'm saying? Just prime example. You just be like, I was about to say something, but it is gonna, somebody can clip it and then it's gonna sound like, I mean if I'm asking, I let's just say for the sake of argument, let's just say I'm sitting down and I'm talking to Michael Jordan. Okay, Let's say this. No, can I give you example? Alright, let's throw Fat Joe in there. This hypothetically hypothe hypo, hypothetically speaking, right? Yes. We using Fat Joe, which is, this is off not real. You like, when you sitting down talking to Lil Kim, you like, so what do you think about Fat Joe herpes? Do you feel like he should do something about it? And then Fat Joe caught a stray. You are giving people strays and, and, and then it'll get clip Fat. Joe's herpes get talked by Kim and then Fat Joe's like, what's going on?


Why am I getting tagged in this? No, I ask. I like, Hey look Kim, what is Fat Joe? Like what is it like to be in the studio with Fat Joe? What was it like to be around Puffy or or biggie rest his soul? I No, no, no. You, that's one. No, you don't do that. You have a Pacific topic, which you are good with. That's why you have a, a very successful podcast because You know how to clip people because you talk about Fat Joe herpes. Can you say Fat Joe herpes real quick? No, fat Joe was good. Bad fat. Fat. Joe was fat. Joe was good. Fat Joe was unbelievable. No, but I mean he talked, I asked Fat Joe questions. He answered the question. He talked about his his son, his special needs son. Yeah, but I'm just saying no, we just doing that in No, we not talking about on that interview.


I just threw a name up there, right? No, but I'm saying but see that that last part that you said was gonna get clicks is that Shell Sharp says this was about Fat Joe says, says, What about Fat Joe that you said what you said about Fat Joe? I don't Know what I said. Can you say what people try to get? What people say is that I ask a question. Yes, I ask a question, but I don't know the answers to the question. That's why I'm asking. I ask questions that I think that people, if my fans that are watching or listening, if they were in those shoes, they would ask those very questions. No, no real nothing necess answers. Chad, do you agree? I mean, I, I kind of, I kind of agree the point of having certain interviews or to ask the questions that people wanna know the answers to.


And probably if they were Unc shoes, those are the questions that they would ask knowing that that's what the people, No, they're not bad questions. They're good questions because they're very successful. But some people feel like they called a stray. So for instance, if somebody trying to get out of that situation, you'll bring it back up. Like, damn, that's what it is. So that's where some people are like, damn, he brought it back up. So that's where things can get like, tricky. So, so What about you break, what about you sharing dms? You bringing that up? Mm, Somebody called em straight. Who? Somebody text you something in confidentiality and you showing that. What about that? What'd that, what'd that say? Who was that? What that dm right?


Hold I'm reading the chat. It says, why is Marco the sexiest person on this live? Thank you. But No, no, no. That's not what that DM say. Was That from Why Funny Marco? So good looking. Thank y'all. I'm reading the comments. Marco was so beautiful. Huh? Hey Chad, I'm asking a question though. If, if honestly we all went out publicly when we was all single, do y'all feel like we take the money and Fame away? Who look better on here? Let's be real. I mean, like, honestly like for real? Yeah. Scale of one to 10, scale of one to 10, what you rate yourself scale of one to 10. I I I'm honest, I'm getting my 9.8. You're a 9.8. On what scale? A 20. No one through 10, right?


Oh no, Marco. Oh no, I would stop talking about a scale of one to 10. We just got like, let's take away the muscles. What? Damn, when you would put me on a zipping, I mean, Hey, no, I'm Marco. Scale of one to 10. What you rate yourself. I mean, honestly. Okay. Alright. 7.5. 7.5. I mean before with a haircut or a, I mean, You know, I'm i's asking you. Nah, I'm asking. I ain't asking. I mean you not my, you're not my type. Listen, I mean Li life is all about confidence, Not my type. I'm just saying you're not my type. Let's get that out the way. What you trying to say?


I just, you're not my type. But here's the thing. If, if we all went out, everybody knows who each of us are. But let's saying, let's take away the Fame. Let's take it away. Like Hold on, hold on. Lemme get this right. We gonna take away the Fame and we gonna walk down the street as is. I'm as muscular as I am now. My personality is the same. The only thing you take away is the Fame. But your people skills are not good Man. Please, you just said I get people to open up What? Okay, you do. But it is because people are scared of you. You are aggressive. Look at that. You see you talking, you are aggressive. Like I would be scared. Like see that the only thing that saves you, you have a beautiful smile. Let's talk about it. But if you didn't have that, you are aggressive.


Like What Dad, what else you wanna take away? You would cut my head off too. Nah, it ain't that. And Chad. Okay, Chad Baldheaded. Some women like baldheaded people, You know what I'm saying? Whoa. Whoa. All all women. All women. All women. And, and the, listen, my personality wins nine times. But you just, but you look like, You know how to tell women what they want to hear. So people are gonna begin as a cat person again, you just have, You know how to work your, You know how to talk, You know how to communicate. Yeah, I'm, I'm Well you got kid, so You know how to do something. I mean, yeah, but again, I just know how to DM And you and you be posting it. People be catching straight. They talking to you in confidentiality. You posting the dm? I mean, who Was the dm?


I still don't know. Who was the DM We gonna talk about? No, we gonna talk about, Sure. Alright. Hey. Okay. Hey, You know what, I wanted to ask you something too. You've had Offset g Herbo, Booie, I mean stars like Lala on on on the couch. Yeah. Shout out to Lala. Shout out to Lala. Who's your, Hey, who's your dream interview that you've yet to do? I say and I think, Hey, I, I think Chris Tucker will be Dope Day Chappelle. Ooh. Okay. You got Chris Tucker? I have, he's one of my first ones. Yep. But I knew Tuck. So What about Day Chappelle? Why you ain't got Day Chappelle yet? Because he don't wanna catch as stray. Nah, I'm gonna get, I'm I I'm gonna have him on the show.


Eventually I will. That's a good one. I Got a, I got a list, got a list of people. I got like five people that I think in 2025. Lemme Ask you a question. If you could interview Michael Jackson, what was something that you could ask him right now? Like live, what would you ask Michael Jackson? Shit, what would I ask Michael? That's a good, That's a good one there bro. Probably why wasn't Thriller enough? Break that down Because he drove himself crazy trying to replicate Thriller. Because Thriller, you have to understand that was Haley's Comet.


Most people will only see one Haley's Comet. He had Thriller a hundred, You know, at the time, 35 million hard copies sold. But everything that came after that, even though it was doing Diamond, which is 10, how many artists now, You know, the music industry, how many artists now would kill to have a Diamond, A Diamond album? Hard copies. He Had it bad. Was a diamond Dangerous, but it wasn't thriller. So you, and so he made himself, You know, it's like a, it is like a pitcher throwing a perfect game. And then he is like, he has one hitter, he has two hitters, he has the ERA, but he's like, it's not a perfect game.


He still, Mike, just because he didn't replicate Thriller again, did anybody think less of him? Right? I mean, prince, do you think less of Prince because he didn't, so Can we compare this to football as in like, let's say, let's take this in football terms, like getting less football ring. Like let's say Patrick Mahomes, it's Michael Jackson. He wants more. Yes, but here's the thing. No, you have to take it. You have to take it as a, a individual. So let's just say for the sake of argument, he, he goes to the Super Bowl, he wins and he throws for 300 yards. Now the next two Super Bowl, he throws 450. And he's like, oh my gosh.


Right? Those are great performances. They still won. They was in the biggest stage. So I'm, look, I, I knew I, You know, off the wall. I think, You know, as far as like musically, me personally, I like Off the Wall better than not. Commercially Thrill is the biggest album commercially. But you go back and look at Michael's off the wall, right? It's a masterpiece. But that's not what he thought. So another thing, I feel like you the only person that can get 50 cent Ja Rule to sit down. 'cause you make that happen. And I No, I'm, IM missing. I really feel like you can sit them two down and also Bow Wow and Little Romeo. 'cause people feel like it was beef between them two.


If you can get them two to sit down, that would be huge. I, I don't, I don't think there's beef between, I, I think the thing is, look, they're the natural comparison. They were young teenage guys. But We need to hear them talk. But that's the thing. 'cause you get them two down and talk to them to it. Get the history behind that. I can try. I'm working, I'm working on another beef that I'm trying to, trying to patch up. Who is that? Which One? Hey ain't tell it. Hey Marco, if you had the opportunity to host something like SNL, would you Do it? You gotta read a teleprompter and reading is not mine. A fundamental And not your strong, You know, don't say don't do that.


Oh, don't do that. I ain't do nothing. You can't read. No, I can read. I told you I can read the Harry Potter book in a day. So it's just, I read what I wanna read. You feel me? What I'm into. So you can't read a teleprompter. They just gotta slow it down. How slow we talking You me? Just as in skills in school. No, I mean how slow does the teleprompter need to do for you to be able to be on s and m? Oh, Probably about like 3.5. I just made that up. Yeah, Because Normally it's like 28, 30, 33, something like that.


Yeah. Will you feel like, do you feel like Unc you would be able to host, would you take the BET awards if they told you to host it? Maybe What you mean? Maybe That, but see a lot of times, Ocho I look at stuff, I look at stuff as lifelong goals. For me that's Nev being a host of, of, of something like that. S-N-L-B-E-T. That that ain't never been No, no, No. We talking about BET. BET said we want you, you to host these. The hip hop awards. Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. Me Unc and Ocho, the host, The hip hop awards. Oh no, no, I'm not. No, not you. Chad. If they ask you, come on man. If they ask you to host the BET awards, hip hop awards, do you feel like that's something that you do where it's kind of like some jobs ain't for everybody.


Yeah, But I'm not, I'm not like hip hop though. That's what I'm saying. So you feel like you have to be like, understand everything, You know? Yeah. Right. That's why, that's why we would do it together. It would be Perfect. But you not hip hip hop either. You not, I I am I hip Hop. You're not hop like you wouldn't consider like as a NFL hip hop player, let's talk about it Like I am. You not you more of a pop. You, you weren't even born. You ain't, you wasn't even born When I was playing. But Chad, you're not a hip hop type of person. You don't like, you're not hip hop. Don't nobody think of hip hop and think of Chad like, oh Chad, you're not hip hop. Right? So when, hold on, hold on. When you, when you think of me as a football player, what do you think? I just, I could, I'm just curious.


Like some, You know what I'm saying, like salsa dancing, like I could see you just more of relaxed. Like you wanna be Scarface, smoke the cigar, like more calm, like you're a calm, but like you, like you're not, you're not with, You know what I'm saying? Like, like listen, when I, when I think of, when I think of hip hop, right? When I think of our culture, like I was, I was future before future. Does that make sense? Yeah. Now I'm just old. I'm just older now in, Let's say this, alright Unc, when you think of hip hop name three artists hip hop. That's overall, that's part of hip hop. Go at it. Unc Like D Drake Kenrick. No, no, no, no. We talking about your time.


What, what you, what you what? Seven. Oh, By time oh two five. Are you, are you 72? 72, right? Six, eight. Okay. You know I came, I came up in the, I came up in the era. I came up Rock him. KRS one LL Cool JD Big Daddy Kane. I came up in that era. Exactly. Okay, so Chad name, hip hop, three artists. When you say hip hop, My, My right. Oh, see that's what I'm saying. It's not in you. I'm saying my time. Doing My time. You knew what I asked you. Why'd you up like, You know, you not hip hop. What time I'm saying Era. What introduced you as a kid going through middle school?


What is hip hop to you? Who is like introduced you to hip hop? See that's what I'm saying. Trick daddy. No, man, lemme finish man. Shut up. Trick Daddy. I'm obviously, I'm, I'm from Miami Trick Daddy Trina and Ross. You Just said my, did you see Unc, how you went and you went through it new? Like he went through, he went from New York, he hit Tupac. You just, you Hey, you just said in, when I was in middle school, I just told you when I Was in middle, I get it. You talking about where you're from? Like hip hop is worldwide again, it like, he, he went from K as so in middle school, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. When you was in middle school, you were listening to hip hop Worldwide? Yes, I was listening to Worldwide Snoop Dogg.


Let's say Snoop Dogg introduced, like I I grew up on him, right? Yeah. Y'all know Pat. Pat? Yeah. Pat. Because You know what, well, like, actually it's the Sugar Hill gang in 1979. And that really kind of jumped it off. And then you had Mel, You know, Graham after flashing the Furious five, you had KR was when you had Rock him. And then you had the NWA, you had the, the public enemies. You had the ll Cool J made it cool. LL Cool J was a cool rapper. He could talk about getting the ladies and seducing the ladies. And he wasn't always talking about smashing and smoking, drinking smoking and smoking weed and drinking Lean ll made it cool, right? LL was a cool rapper. He made it fun, Right? So, yeah.


But lemme tell you what, the ESP piece Oh, Shannon, okay. The, if, if ES ESPN asked reached out and asked you about now, now you talking about something Unc can get his teeth into. Hold on now. Now when you talk about them calling you, now you gonna suggest I do it with you or you gonna do it by yourself? Ocho I was just tell, I was just playing, Said, are you gonna do it by yourself or with him? Be like, the world is watching. What are you gonna do? Yeah. What you gonna do? I'm not look that, that guys see those things interest you Ocho those don't interest Me. No. Like, listen, are you gonna answer the Question you just said to ask me? We, we, we speak hypothetical On you. Yeah, we you ojo.


Yeah. There. That's not S me. I really only do things that I'm passionate about, Marco. If anybody that, anybody that knows Shannon, that's why I'm normally successful at the things that I do. Exactly. Because I'm really passionate about doing it. And if I'm not passionate about it, I don't do it. I don't have a whole lot of hobbies. Can you? Because there's not a whole lot of things I'm passionate about. Can you get Eminem on your podcast? Can you talk to him? Like that will be big Hell. A lot of people I can talk to, talk to will be big. Yeah. Hey Marco. Hey, why don't, why don't you interview me? Who? Me? You heard What he said? I don't, I don't know artist me. I don't know who me is. I never heard of that artist.


Can you interview Chad Johnson? I Mean, what is it? You know, I like you a cool dude, but you not, I don't, you're not my type. I don't wanna, You know what I'm saying? I don't wanna sit down and talk to you. I'm saying we good. Like you're a great person. You don't Think, you don't think that would be, It ain't about funny, it's just about I'm funny. I'm, I'm funny. It's not about funny Man. Get me Bobby, you doing all this talking? Tell Bobby I wanna sit down with Bobby. Let me call Bobby right now while we live. Hold on. Hey. Hey. Why you call her? You know what this is? Yeah. You know what that is? Oh, That's that thing that be on TikTok. The TikTok shop. Nah. Yeah. You, you ever took one of These? Nah, I really don't need that. I ain't that old.


She don't even answer your call. Oh yeah. You know, should be happening.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it. Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


No, y'all been what that pill do for you, you Shannon, y'all really be taking them pills? Yeah. What does it do? What? You never took this. What you mean what it do, what you needed to do. You Know, You know what it do? No, I'm saying what it I I'm saying do it like stand up. You ever Have ever taken an energy drink? Have you ever drank energy drink? I drunk. Yeah. 28 black. I have. Okay, so it give you a little boost, right? Okay, there you go. Well, What happened to what if she don't want the boost? It it, this ain't for her. It's for you. And was you, she gonna like it. She gonna like, oh, but here's the thing, Marco, you gonna always, because if you don't do it all the time, she gonna say, Hey, I want you to bring that PP you had the first time we got together.


But Then that's when you become addicted and now I gotta pop pills every time. That's exactly what I'm giving her. What you just said addicted. Hey, but I'm saying don't you get with somebody, your agent, you don't need to pop them. Whoa, whoa. What, what we gonna do? Go to the doctor visit together. The hell I want somebody my age. Four. Right. We're gonna be good. You right Marco. And you just take him like this. Right? And we put him under your tongue and you, How you doing That with all of us on here though? Why you popping Got, he might got something in the wings, Marco. Damn, come on that, that man live. Listen, I'm popping in. I'm popping in. If it's a a party full of dudes that you pop it like this, like it's just number of guys in here. Like, no, you ain't gotta do that right now.


I ain't over there. I'm going upstairs and go to bed. I don't know what Don y'all got going on. I ain't got nothing to do with me. I'm at home. But I'm saying all I'm But you ain't gotta be. Yeah, like I, I don't even, Hey, hey. Tell us about, tell us about your facial journey. You, you've been posting that on TikTok, you've been telling about your journey. Yeah, it's just when you, when I feel like being in the industry, sometimes when you accept yourself, sometimes people find things to pull away from you and that's what brings out insecurity or people. But once You know you're dealing with something, you gotta, and You know it's a problem, you can work on it yourself. But sometimes I feel like when you get in here, people pick on you and call it out and it can make people like feel insecure and they don't know what to do. But once you accept it and you be okay with it, like I know this is what I'm dealing with.


Just, it becomes a journey. But sometimes people hide it because people pick on you about it. So that's one thing that don't ever, You know, tell you how to do it. 'cause nobody knows that you're gonna be who you are. Like we don't just pick like you didn't know you would be like, like probably the fifth, 58th best tight end in a row. You don't know that. But what but what I'm, But here's the thing, mark, let, lemme ask you a question. So when you were growing up, obviously kids can be very, very cruel, right? They made fun of your skin, Right? But it, and so at, at this age now you finally decided, so okay, you got some money, you can go get it treated so that they tell you that they're gonna be able to treat it and you'll be able to smooth your skin out and you won't know that you had this.


I think it's ac what do you have? Acne. It's like, yeah, acne and m So it's all that You know. Yeah. 'cause my, You know, my mama was burnt and she had me, so I came out of that. So that's where the acne came from. That ain't got nothing to do with it. Okay. That's not a genetic trait. Okay. Well I don't know. That's what my brother told me. But, okay. So more importantly what I was trying to say is just something become a journey when you don't hide it. And I feel like being an entertainer, some people you can use makeup all the time and you can't use filters. But You know, you just gotta be truth to yourself and also show people. 'cause people can look up to you and the same route. So sometimes never hide your journey.


That's what I learned. Just let it be that. You know. So lemme ask you a question. So how many, how many treatments did they tell you that it's gonna take? Or is it gonna be an ongoing process? No, It's an ongoing thing. It's going, it's gonna be a while. But You know, and also eating. I didn't know, like growing up on food stamps and stuff, we got a lot of snacks and my mama never really took us to the doctor. So all we did was just eat snacks all day. But some people don't know they child, everybody can't eat the the same. So the stuff I was eating correct. Making me Weak, you're making it worse. Yeah. Yeah. So again, we just from the hood and when you from that, sometimes you gotta learn a lot of stuff. I was on a podcast and I recently said like a woman showed me how to love myself more. Because when you grow up without a daddy and your mom is just like working all the time, nobody there to show you that.


So with that being said, I said a woman showed me how to like properly take a shower and people are like, oh, you don't know how to take a shower? I'm like, no it's not that. But nobody was never there. My mama just wash your ass and get out and my daddy wasn't there. But when you get what somebody and they show you properly how to do it this way, it start to show you to a man. That's why I said women are the best thing that you can introduce to your life or whatever your partner is, whatever you love. You know what I'm saying? Wherever they come from, they can show you a new steps. That's why it's always good to date somebody that's, You know, on another level that can improve you. Not just with money, not just with what they got, but what they can bring to you. But tt gotta to take A shot. Don't say it Now we gonna get clip like that. I'm gonna say you didn't have to say that again.


I'm saying that's dope. Like we get So before you became Freddy Marco, you was dirty Marco. I mean, not necessarily dirty, it was just like, You know, I was just, I was rough. Broy Marco. No, I was just rough. Like Shannon, let's be real. You who told you how to take a bath? Was your daddy your mama there? No, my sister, she's eight years older than me. She don't Know how to wash like a man. So you was funky too? That's what We No bro. No bro, bro, look, I grew up, I grew up in a different situation. I didn't have a shower. So I grew up taking a bath and a tub. But You know, she told me how to, You know, la up and right around here and right around here and go around your neck, getting all that up under your, But did you use two rags of one rag Back in the day? I only had one rag. That's not cool Bro.


So you used, you used two rags. You we didn't, we barely bro, bro, I was happy to have a tub to be able to take a shower when we had to. We had to deal well water. So bro, slow down. I'm okay. Hold on. Why you use two rag? What, what? What? The other one fall Your ass. Oh, so you, you use a different rag for Okay. You don't do, that's what I'm saying. We gotta do that. So tonight you use two rags. Yeah, we, I use two. I mean I sometimes I use a, like a loof. I have one of those, those little things, You know, a lofa, not a loof, A loofah, what do they call them? A loofah? Yeah, the little sponge thing.


That's a loofah. Yeah. Yeah. I got one of those. I got one of those little like cloths that I use for my body. Then I use that, that thing for my face. Well can I ask YA question? What's a proper way? And it's like talking to men out there that's dealing with it a proper way for a guy to leave a woman that's in love with him. Because I feel like guys don't know how to break up with women. Yeah. It ain't no proper way. You said the The proper way to leave. Yeah. I mean it's, It's pretty. No, it's not. When a woman love you, it's hard. It's different from a man to leave when we break. 'cause they leave us in the quickness, right? Yes. Well it's always, You know, easier for the person that wants to break up.


It's Not because they're invested. See if you, if somebody wants, if you, if you are not ready to get out, Ocho and I, we talk about this a lot Funny Marco. Marco is that when somebody wants the relationship and somebody wants out, the person that doesn't want out is the one that hurts the most. Even though the person that wants out hurts a little, but it's not the same as that person that really don't want you to go. So it is hard the more you invested in something, the hard it is to let it go. Who you trying to leave? No, it's not me. I just, I just wanna speak for the man that's out there that's listening, You know? So. Oh, okay. That was that It was a chat. It was a chat question.


Yeah. Okay. So you tried to leave somebody? Oh no, no. Nah. You know I, You know, I got a relationship. Somebody left You. Nah, I got a relationship with God. We is still in there. We doing good. Nah, he be about to leave you. Nah, it's you, You say you can't read. Nah, I'm, I'm decent. I read what I need to read. Thanks for You know what, it take a little time. So, hey. So have, have a woman ever made fun of your skin? Oh yeah. I be, I mean, the worst comment I got as a kid telling me it looked like somebody stepped on my face with cleats. That was a one. All right. How we exit? Hold on.


Well, women like to like Tom, Dr. Pimple Popper, they like to press match black kids. Alright, But if me and you went one-on-one to get girls, guess who walking out with 'em? Boy, stop it. Boy stop. Don't do that. Who, Who, who walking out with him? I'm, I like, You know what I'm saying? Just personality skills and just what? Like nah, Nah bro, You not gonna bring money into that. I'm past that. First of all, I'm past that stage. If you'd have caught me in my twenties, you caught me my twenties or early thirties. I saying I could have made Chad who look better between me and him be, I'm, I'm a grandfather bro. I'm a grandfather. It Doesn't matter, Chad. I can get what I get who look better between me and him. Really?


Dude. What? He the only one in here? Oh Lord Mercy, bro. Bro. Marco, I'm just, I'm just a granddad. I'm about to be 57. And you don't look like it. I know. I ain't, I ain't trying to get no girls now I'm trying to find somebody to sell Town thing just appear. I'm just saying. I have a great appearance. I have a nice sex appeal. And I'm letting You know in this room if, if it came down. Did You left? Did you leave it at home? I'm at home right now. Oh, damn. I just told you I'm in New York, Bro. You not in New York. That's a green screen. No it's Not. No green screen.


What is going on with you? I work hard for this shit. I get, all you gotta do is get up and walk, get up, walk to the back. I'm not about to walk off on your show. I'm not doing that. I'm not rude. Yes, bro. Do you understand that OCHO and I be TV and we understand how green screen work? What? Okay, what's green screen? It is night outside. What do y'all need to see? Airplane. Fly past. What do y'all fucking wanna see now? I'm in that green, I'm at my house. Exactly. You in up at green screen? No, I'm at, I I'm at the green room at this. The boom. You ain't no green room, dude. It's, I'm saying this what I, hold on. Hold, hold on. Hey. Hey. You say live?


Yes I do. And that's the Hudson River behind you, Right? I don't know what's back there. Barna. How the man go together. But Lord Mercy, What's the name of your building? I'm, that's uncalled for? I, I don't have to speak on where I live because that's part of my safety protocols. Well, it's pretty easy to tell based on the building Behind. It's because it's that pretty easy. These are $20,000 a month partner. Okay. Ain't nobody ask where you live. What's your apartment? Where's your address? Yeah, what's your address? I mean, exactly. You see, I'm not here. You don't just give that out Here with Herbo.


That got uncomfortable. Okay. Okay. Oh, you, this is why this why? Yeah. This why, this is why people don't come on that damn show. Yeah. Now, now tell us about that interview. Now when the, Chad asking me the whole night about that interview, what happened? All. So, all right. First off, let's say this while we talking. Alright? You know what? All right. I was about to, You know, I gotta realize, what do you, where do you wanna start? I mean, how did it get, I mean, you started out It wasn't, it wasn't, it was more of like, they were on a level of trolling and it was just matching it.


Chicago got a nice way of trolling, so, You know what I'm saying with them too. They was just enjoying theyself and You know, as a man, I could have just, You know, enjoyed it back. So it was just more of me trying to read the room. But as I'm reading it, the shit is real happening in real time. So they didn't mean nothing personal. They just really like troll and, You know what I'm saying? I just didn't match the troll. I wasn't on my feet at the time. Yeah. What'd You scared? No, I was scared because they ain't, nah, I wasn't, I wasn't scared because it wasn't like, You know, wasn't nothing dark, You know what I'm saying? And like, You know, in my fighting around, I'm 17 and oh. So besides that, in school, my school I went to, but other, I ain't seen no water move yet. How you got still water behind you? What you talking about? That I Ain't seen no boat. No boat.


The, i, I ain't see a water move. Yeah, because it's nighttime Water move at nighttime be jumping because of Oh, so boats don't, don't, can't go at night. Huh? Where the ferry at? I don't see no ferry. I'm in New York. Nothing. Ain't no, ain't no plane. Ain't no bird flew by. Ain't I just, Just moved in here? Y'all see it's not furnished or nothing. I just moved there. I just got a computer. I ain't talking about department. I'm talking about, Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on on, hold on, hold on. You told us, you told us it cost 20,000 a month because It was furnished. Put furnished. That's what you're saying. I know, But I gotta pick the furniture out. No, if a, if it's furnished, it already comes with furniture, you just move in. No, but I gotta pick the certain type of furniture. No, you don't back a furnish apartment.


You don't pick Like if I get, If I get up, see, you see me? Yeah, I saw, yeah, I see. Come on back. You come on back. Yeah.


Welcome The Volume Some stands for. So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost when you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app. For details,


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins, right? Next time, use Amazon Pharmacy, we deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, and just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.