
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite. Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho you remember a couple weeks ago? Yeah, I said they need to put Derrick Henry and I. Oh yeah. Let him dot the i. He's not an offset back. He's not a zone reback. He's a long strider. Four yards is not enough. Toss it to him or hand it to him. Derrick Henry 209. Total yards. A buck 99 on the ground. He caught a touchdown pass. The ravens look very, very good tonight. And all three phases of the game. Offense, defense, special team. The special team didn't really, the the kicking game really didn't come into play because when they got the ball down there, they got the ball into the ends. All the Baltimore Ravens are starting to look like the Baltimore Ravens. We expected them to look like Lamar Jackson again. Outstanding performance for, what was he?


13 of 18, 1 56. Two touchdowns, no turnovers. Derrick Henry 24 for 1 99. I wanted him to get that man. He wanted that thing bad. He wanted that two bills. Two something about two bills. It one, nine. Somebody gotta give you the word. Like I have a staff man. They tell like last, last week, just yesterday, they came and told me, Hey Travis need 10 more yards to go for another a hundred for his like six consecutive game. Right. So we was getting ready to try to get him a quick slant or something to get him his 10 more yards. 'cause we're aware of that stuff. But the game, it, it played out differently and I didn't want to be insulting to throwing a ball when we were up, you know? Right by margin. So the staff tells you that they should have got in that one more yard man, right?


Yeah. Well they, he needed, he needed fixed six. No, he needed four. 'cause he had 1 96, right? He came in, he got two, he got upset because on the last, the last possession they tossed it to him and he wanted a straight handoff. He wanted, he got to hand it to him. Let the, he didn't wanna toss 'cause he know the defense is gonna be flowing because if you know you need that many yards, guess who else know you need that many yards. But all these big plays came from the tall sweeps though. That, that, that, that's probably why they did that. All his big Rons, he broke, came Tall sweeps They did. And the, and the fullback. But I didn't, I didn't like it because what they did is they had the fullback. They had the fullback in the offset. So I like him straight up in the eye. But when you watched this game Ocho, what did you like about what you saw from the Ravens?


Listen, They look completely different than what they looked the the previous what? Week? Week one, Week one and two. Yeah. Being able to run the ball. I kind of feel sorry for the receivers. I feel sorry for Isaiah a little bit. I feel sorry for Aguilar, Mark Andrews and likely because they not getting, they're not getting the touches. I think they should because the running game is so efficient, especially tonight. The play action worked a little bit better because the running game was so efficient. And Derrick Henry doing what Derrick Derrick Henry does. We saw the Derrick Henry of old that we saw when he was with Tennessee. Somewhat in his prime. Obviously being able to hit his head off the goal post. And I'm not sure how how old Derrick Henry is, but what he went 97, 95 and nobody, They couldn't catch him 87 first grade.


Nobody can catch him. They, they, they Uhuh couldn't catch. He had didn't great win. He had great win. Yeah. There you go. There you go. I see. What, what don't you mean? I said he had great win Chad. What was I saying? Ocho Ocho the lions hold on and beat the Seahawk, you know. Yes. The lions hold on and beat the Seahawks. 42 29. Jerry Golf was a perfect 18 of eighteen, two hundred and ninety two yards, two touchdowns. St. Brown threw a touchdown pass to Jerry Golf. So on the night they were 19 of 19 for 273 yards, three touchdowns. They ran the ball extremely well considering they didn't have a lot of, didn't have a lot of plays.


Seattle had over 30 more plays, had 30 more plays than they actually ran ocho. Yeah, but the plays that they did run. Yeah, they made 'em count. They don't count the plays. Make the plays count. And the the lions do. A unbelievable job gives 14 of 78, 2 touchdowns. David Montgomery 12 or 41 touchdown, 28 Russians, 116 yards and three touchdowns. Can't get better than that. They had three touchdown passing, three touchdown rushing as they hold on to beat the Seattle Seahawks Gino Smith with 38 of 56 3 9 5 1 touchdown and interception. He was sacked three times.


Kenneth Walker iii, 12 carriers, 80 yards, three touchdowns. Gino had five carriers for 36 yards. And Zack Charbonne had two for 15. Eight 19 rushes. 1 33. Damnit dk I needed you to get in the end zone for my parlay head. They pulled him down in the edge. You they had had all my St. Brown. I thought, I thought that was, I thought it was too 'cause I thought his elbow hit down on the Exactly over the over the line. Yeah. But the lions wearing ocho, the lion's offense. They can run it, they can throw it. They got a lot of receivers. You know Jameson Williams, they got obviously St. Brown.


Tim Patrick's there now, man, they, they La Porta the backs can catch it out of the backfield. Detroit. Detroit is to be, is to be dealt with. I mean, 'cause they offense gonna put a lot of pressure on you. Now the things that concern me about 'em, if the defense give up a lot of plays, yeah, give definitely. We, we got for one, we gotta, we gotta talk to somebody. Gotta talk to Terry Arnold. Yeah. About All the, all the holding hold, the holding calls, you know, all the penalties, you know, use your hands at the beginning. But once they pass five yards, you gotta play with your eyes and feet baby. You got, you gotta play with your eyes and feet. Understand the game. Read the game based on the receiver's line. And. if you want to be up there and you wanna be up there, press you know, if you miss, just ride the hip.


Just ride the hip, stop being so handsy. So you get, you stop getting some of those calls. Now, I think one of the reasons that Detroit was able to win this game, but one the interception Gino threw then the, the fumbled by decaf, if I'm not mistaken. Those were points that the Detroit Lions scored on. Yes. I I I might be wrong, I might, I might be mistaken. But the, the game was so good because each offense was very efficient. Yes, they were very efficient. They were, they were, they were back to back when it, when it comes to scoring and these are two offenses that can damn near score from anywhere. Detroit is so good at being able to run the ball. It makes, when it's time to throw, it makes it that much easier for 'em. It makes it that much easier. But I think the difference in the game was those got that interception and that fumble, it kind of made everything lopsided because then Detroit was able to score on those, on those two possessions when they, because If you are already down ocho, you can't turn the ball over.


You're already down. Yeah. So you are already down. So now you allow somebody to still take a possession away from you and get, and so now you don't get points unless you can turn points to on their possessions. You're behind the eight ball. The Seattle was five or 10 on third down. Detroit was three or six on third down, Seattle was one of two on fourth down. Detroit didn't have any. Detroit ran 50 total plays. Seattle ran 78 total plays. Seattle had 516 of total yards. Detroit had 3 89. Both had 11 drives. Yards per pass. Detroit average 12.4 yards per pass.


Seattle average 6.5 penalties. Ocho Detroit had 12 for one on one. Seattle had nine for 70 CC Ocho. This is why I can't coach. This is why Carlton Davis three times gave up contained and tell the people at home what happened Ocho twice. They scored twice. Yeah. Kenneth Walker, he has contained. Damn. Yeah, you gotta gotta, he Got contained. You gotta shoot him back inside to your, to your, to your, to everybody else. How many times you think a G went over there with him? Okay, you got contained on this. They, he goes into the line right there. All you gotta do is you contain, now you got a two yard loss, it's second in gold, you get caught down inside.


He bounces it touchdown. Yeah. The same thing happened again on the 20 plus yard touchdown run. He get caught down inside and then he gonna hit his hand like no. Yeah, it's your fault. Yeah. You effed up. You absolutely effed up. And then again on, on a, on a run. He got caught down inside. Bro. You have contained but you are, you gyp and jabbing with the referee bro. You got contained. That's your job. You got one responsibility. It's the one time. Guess what Ocho you ain't got no past responsibility. Yeah. You got contained. Yep. If the guy, if the guy, Hey, if that guy starts your way and reverses field, you've done your job. As long as you don't let him get the edge.


You've done your job. He tried to do somebody else's job. He, and listen, when, when they watch film, they gonna let him know. And then, you know, car Carlton knows that Carlton is a veteran. He's a veteran. You know, listen, you gotta flush that back inside to your help. Flush it back inside to your help. You don't want to be in the foot race, but Kenneth Walker going around that corner any goddamn way. Make your job easy. Make it easy for yourself. I was like, look, see but this, this is why I can't coach Ocho. I'll lose my mind. Yeah. 'cause we, how many times you think they went over that during the course of the week for contain, Hey, forget about going, going over through the course of the week, how many years you think you've been practicing it and knowing in that corner that you have to contain the outside and flush whatever's coming your way back inside to your health.


Like God, you learn that. You learn that in peewee football. It's like if you a linebacker, they call it setting the edge. Yeah. You never let your upfield shoulder get turned if long a if you ride him all the way to the sideline. If I keep my upfield shoulder ocho, if I keep it square to the line and he can't get outside, I've done my job. I don't give a damn what he going to ac C, he going to B. He can going to a, I don't give a damn. That's not my responsibility. I have the edge. I gotta set it. Yeah, same thing, same thing with the dn. You got one, you got one responsibility. Right. You ain't got no past coverage, you ain't got no a gap. You got no B gap. You got no C gap responsibility.


Yeah. All you have to do is you got contained. Don't let him bounce outside. If he doesn't bounce outside, son, you've done your job. I can't ask you to do anything else. Hey, hey listen, they, even with the mistakes they won, they won the game tonight. See, you see, what did Coach Saban say on, on football? He say, when you play poorly and you win, that's the kiss of death. Yeah. Never accept anything in the win. You wouldn't at a loss never Lost. But listen, that's the first thing. That's the first, that's the first thing coach gonna tell him. Now the first thing co gonna tell him we won the game. At the end of the day, it's about winning the game. I understand Coach Saban's quote about it being the kiss of death.


But when Dan go in there and talk, listen, we lost to the Seahawks the last six times we met the last six times we played the Seahawks, we lost tonight, we won the game. Now there are, are there things that we need to clean up? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think and the thing is like, like Prime said last night when he, when he talked to, they played North Dakota State and everybody like, man, you. And he said, yeah. He said, yeah, we wanna win. But it's gotta be more than winning. Especially because a standard has been established. The standard is the standard we play. We play to a level, not the scoreboard. If we play to the level that we know we can play, the scoreboard will be re reflective of that.


That's what man, it's, it's ocho it's just really hard to explain to people when that's when you understand what your purpose is and what you're trying to accomplish. Right. And people that don't, that don't live their life like that and don't, don't follow, don't adhere to that. They don't get it Ocho they really don't. They they really don't. They really don't. And it's hard. I mean, I would look like sit and have a conversation to be on a panel with Tom Brady or to be on a panel with Peyton Manning or to be on a panel with Ray and guys that get it to understand what winning is about and what it takes to win. Because you don't win. See, people think you win the game on Sunday, right?


You win the game Monday through Saturday during the week, during the week, that's when the game is won. Yeah. You just actually play the game on Sunday. Right. But that's not when the game is won. And people don't understand that. And it's, oh well, You know the funny about it before you, before you go on, when you, when you think about it, even though it's a game of football and people might not understand it, but you can relate to the people if you kinda explain it to 'em in their way, in the different facets of life in which they have to do their job and you gotta do their, your job the right way because you can't cut no corners. It needs to be a situation where you work at Google, you work at Apple where you're trying to produce something and you, you own a a timeline, right?


I mean, if you just go, you know, you go punch a clock and I get it and I don't wanna minimize anybody's job. Right. Right, right, right. But I think the thing is Ocho like, like, like an apple or something like that, or computer taking a computer analyst or something that requires that, bro, if you don't get the job done, they gonna get you up outta here. Oh Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. That goes for, that's, that goes for all jobs, not just for Google and Apple. Even on a smaller scale, if you ain't getting the job done the right way and you're trying to cut corners. But see, the thing is Ocho like if I work at, I don't look, if I work, if I work at a fast food restaurant, I don't care if I sell more burgers than the other my competitor. That's not that, see, that's not the same.


I'm, hey, I'm here to get my 15, $20 an hour and I'm gonna get up outta here. But when I'm in competition, Yeah, You need to be in competition to understand it, to feel that. And so hopefully people understand what I'm saying. I'm not trying to minimize anybody's job. Right. But when you are in competition and you're trying to accomplish something, then you get it. Exactly what I'm saying. Right. The lions improved, the three in one, they head into their bye week. Damn, I would hate to have a bye week this early. It is early and come back and have 13 games left. I need to have my bi week in the middle of the season. I need like, okay, I get the first eight, I come back, I got nine, or I have, you know, I go eight, nine weeks and then when I come back I got seven, eight games.


Yeah. Man, I ain't 13 games in a row. Yeah. It it that, that's crazy. And the the funny thing about it, it doesn't give the players any time to rest And if you have any injuries, I'm not sure what the, what the lions of the sea, the, it's the lions that got the bye week. Right. Lions, lions. I'm not sure what their injury status is right now, but if some of their important players are hurt or injured, this would be a, this is, this is good for them to be able to have that Bye week and hopefully, and hopefully with those next 13 weeks to go, you hope everybody can stay healthy and make that run for the important half of the season after. Thanks, God damn given. Yeah. But the Lions head into their bi week OCHO three and one, they score 42 points.


42 29 over the Seattle Seahawks. Yeah. Like you said, they're heading to their bi-week three and one that get some much needed r and r. But hell Lord Joe, hell, I just started the season eight before April a month old. Yeah, you right, you right. Listen, the fact that you just said that season's only a month old. Do you know how many injuries we have? Yeah. Just in general. I mean, throughout the league in it, in its totality. Yeah. And I'm, I'm not talking about significant injuries, I'm talking about just soft tissue ankle here, but just, just stuff where, where, where you just out, you're just missing time because of, for whatever reason. I know injuries happen, but like it's just the, the, the number is, is absurd on how many people are, are hurt And, we only in week three are we in week four.


It makes no sense.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Damn. Yes. Lose to the Broncos. Aaron Rogers annoyed at SLAs. Comments on offensive cadence. That's not good Head quarterback or I mean, head coach said one thing, star playing said something different. Me because I'd be on the cross like this up send rabbits. They'd be all send rabbits. I'll be on the cross. That was me. I gotta get on the same page. Hey man, Lord, on They need to be the same page. When, when, hold on Ocho when has he, when has Rogers ever been on the same page? He march to the beat of his own drum, bro. Y'all, You know that coach out there? You can't, you can't do your coach like that. You can't throw your coach.


He's always done that. Can't do that. He's always done it. When when has he not done it? And see that's what happens when you're great like that. You got MVPs, you want a Super Bowl? Ain't nobody gonna say anything. Hold on, hold on. Let's get this straight big fella. Everybody on this thing was great now. Yeah. Ain't we ain't liking greatness on this call. No, no, but I'm saying But you don't the time, you know how when, when it comes to the quarterbacks, the more, the more, the more hardware you have, the greater you are, the greater people are willing to sweep what you say. What you do under the car that's Another's Another. No, no, no, no. Stop On, hold on, hold on.


Now you gotta forget who's saying it now. You changed the quarterback that makes a statement like that. They ain't sweeping nothing under this rug. And, and Roger get away from no, stay with me now. That's My point. I'm gonna leave that down. That's My point. Yeah. But but, but when when does it, when does it stop? Never. Never. It. No, no, no. Every one thing about it, everybody in this game Oh yeah. Has a shot clock. Oh yeah. Everybody, everybody tolerate everybody. They have a shot clock. Guess what happens? It happens to everybody. They'll tolerate you. That's right. They can replace you. That's right. Did you not see what happened in Green Bay with the quarterback before Aaron Rogers? Did you not see what happened to Aaron Rogers?


They will tolerate you. Go back and look ab situation in Pittsburgh. They will tolerate you until they can replace you. And when they replace you. Yeah, They done. It happens. Ab Shannon ain't talking about you because you know a b is shoot back. Shannon. I just want trying say you ab ab relentless on this one. That's my dog. I love you dog. That was Shannon. Shannon. Shannon said he sorry. He ain't, he ain't, he ain't wanna talk about you. Leave it alone. Ty. The one thing, the one thing I've learned about you, what you told me is say, hey, block that noise out. You know who you are. That's right. Somebody, somebody saying this about you or calling you this, you know, that's not who you are.


So why does somebody that you, that you don't even have no dealings with saying something about you bother you? That's right. Be like, Bro, It's the attraction. It's the attraction. Most people are attracted to hate. I'm attracted to love. Show me you love me. I got you. You, you love. Listen, I'm attracted to love, but I need a little bit of hate. Huh? Prime. I like a little, I need, I need a little bit of hate. I need a little balance. Like on Twitter. Like See you, you probably got ping pong paddles on your bed and you ain't got no pingpong tape. You probably wanna be spanking all that though. I got a, I got a whole dungeon. I got a whole dungeon. Yeah. See that? See I don't wanna hear that. I'm just telling you about me. Then You got, you got, you got swing set. I said you wanna see it? I got a swing set, right?


No, I did not wanna see it though. I know for those of you, you saw the movie 50 Shades of Gray. That was my script. They took, they took the field I sent in footage. I was supposed to be Christian Gray. I was supposed to play that part. They, they, they took, they took my script, right? And the footage I sent in visual reference to show them what I could, you know, what I had and what I could do and what I do at home and my little dungeon. And they went and made a movie outta it. I sued to know I won The sad thing about it. Sad thing about it. It's the little truth to that what you're saying. See that's the thing that they don't understand. It's a little right to every good joke. It's the little truth, truth, truth. It, I'm thinking about truth. My last name at heart. And I don't tell no jokes. I lie for you.


Before I lie to you, Y'all hey, I'm clean, I'm clean as they come. I'm time. You know me, I'm clean as they come time. Yes Sir. Coach o Antonio Pierce, head coach of the Las Vegas Raiders like the IG Post. Speculating that Devonte Adams might've played his last snap with the Raiders. Don't be Sports Illustrated wrote, don't be surprised if Devonte Adams has already played his last snap with the Raiders. Michael fia, how do you say his last name? Fa Michael Fabiano.


Right. Like by Antonio. You have to understand when you see, when you hear things like that or when media has speculations like that, it comes from somewhere. Huh? It it ain't, it ain't coming out. It ain't coming out the air. It ain't coming out the air. So the fact that we're in the social media area, Antonio Pierce and many other coaches have social media as well and the fact that him liking it. What did Antonio Pierce say in his, He says, I have some guys out there making business decisions. We'll make business decisions Moving, moving forward, forward. If Devonte Adams happens to end up with the New York Jets.


I said it first. If Devonte Adams happens to end up, there was one more team that was a needed reseal. If Devonte Adams happen to end up in Kansas City. Kansas City, I seen it first. Okay. He ain't gonna Kansas City. And if it ain't Devonte Adams in Kansas City, it would be Amari Cooper. I you you you could book that Or what you call him or I Hey, I'm sure I'm sure what you call him wanna go there too. DI Because I was surprised that they didn't get D when he was available last. Yeah. They wasn't paying enough money. Remember? I Thought that would be a good, they They, they, they would cut me short on, on the, on the cash round, right? Yeah. And he throw me the bag, you know, you know what I can do.


But here's the thing, Ocho, is that what you gave up to get Devonte? You not going, nobody gonna give, nobody's gonna give you two first rounds to take take to get a wide receiver. Hmm. Tell guess what? I know you wanna get rid of him. See, Tyreek got what he wanted because it caught everybody off guard. Nobody that hey wasn't nothing. There was no, there was no speculation. As a matter of fact, they had just, did they lose the Super Bowl? They had just lost the Super Bowl. I think they lost, they lost to Tampa. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken.


No, they No, no, no, no, no. They lost to Cincinnati in the championship game. That was Tyreek's last game. Because remember they ended up picking a pass. He threw a deep pass and it ended up getting picked off. The, nobody knew that Ty Tyreek wasn't available. Drew wanted to do a deal. Tyreek wanted to be a highest paid. The one thing is, hey, they're not gonna let you force the hand and it says, okay, hey you can go shop yourself. So it's like, hold on. We need to tell, we can get Tyre knowing that there are some teams out there, Ocho, they really need a receiver.


You talking about one of the top three of one of the top one. He probably ain't gonna get past three. So you got one of the top three receivers available. Whatever you, whatever you want. What is it gonna take to get it? What? Whatever you want. But listen, you gotta understand that them Candace and chiefs are in dire need of a playmaker. I mean, I don't Think they give up. I don't think they give up two Round you it be the first rounders at this point. I don't. Okay. No, that's my point. You're not gonna get, that's what in return, what you, you know how it is. You buy a car, the likelihood of you ba you go buy a car right off the lot, Keep it for three weeks. I think think the Raiders understand that.


But why would you continuously keep a player that's not happy around that, that that has let it be known that he's not happy and he he wants to be out. Yeah, he's not vocal about it. But look at his body language. Look at his mannerisms. Right. You know, they, they gonna make it happen. I'm telling you the, This is not what he signed up for. It was Derek or he thought that when he came there, he was gonna play with his college teammate. That's what he thought. And after one year his college teammate was gone. And so now he played it, he played with Aidan O'Connell like raw, who gonna get me the ball? Because y'all got, y'all got people out here thinking I'm, I'm losing a step.


I'm stopping stepping off a cliff and y'all not paying attention. Who's throwing me the ball? I had Aaron Rogers. I come, I get Derek Carr and guess what? I still go for 1500 make first team all pro my first year with a new team. They trade quarterbacks, And, we got these quarterbacks that's throwing me the ball. And y'all expect me to make, you know, wine outta what y'all ain't at. At least if y'all gave me water and grapes, I can make wine. Y'all giving me vinegar and say go make wine with Devante. It's one person turn water into the wine man. Yeah, but they say, well Devonte say, well that's what y'all want me to do. Just gimme some, gimme some grapes.


I get the stomping little water sugar. I, I can make something happen outta that. But you giving me vi vinegar, it's gonna be bitter. He gonna be alright. They, they gonna listen. Antonio Pierce say you gonna make some business decisions, they gonna make it. And I'm telling you, if you end up with the jets or if you end up with the cheese, I say first. Yeah, yeah, Because that's 28, 20 9 million. Yeah, 20. Hold on O Joe, lemme ask you a question. And this is what I tell people all the time, but they need to pay him. I say, what did they finish in the division last year? Last? Well, they can finish that without it. I mean, O Joe you can fit it lasting division and not paying now 29, 30, 40, $50 million.


I mean, if I'm paying that kind of money should not be first. I mean, well On the cusp of being first. Now they had a huge comfort behind win down 10 points again to Cleveland. They came back, beat Baltimore down 10 points. So they have resiliency, they have resolved. But remember, you remember now in order, in order to be, in order to to, to be efficient, you know, offensively you got to have, you gotta have some dogs now. You gotta have some dogs now. Yes. Think you gonna, you think you gonna walk, you think you, I just think You think you gonna walk out there. I think dev bunch of Go ahead and, and and you gonna, you, you gonna be able to dance with the, with the Roters That ain't Finn happen.


You got have some dogs out there to be able to compete. You do. I just think Devonte at this point would be happier elsewhere. He won't say, but he won't say it. But I say it for him. Its, yeah. Yeah. I mean he's like, I'm born up. My welcome here. I can only do so much. I play a very dependent position and the people that I'm depending on, I can't or I shouldn't be. There ain't nothing worse to being, oh Joe, you know how you like, you need a ride and need somebody to take you somewhere and you already know, Hey bro, I need to be here by X time.


And you are the worst thing you to do in anything. Need a ride. Be in a relationship where you're dependent on that person. You know, because you, you get dependent on a person. Yeah. They treat you like any kind of high, think about it. Somebody making the money. Yeah. They expect you to take whatever they, whatever they dishing out. Where you going to go? Who gonna treat you like me? Well, I can go anywhere and get treated just like this here. I might not have the means, but at the end of the day, you treat me like the stir fry. It's a lot, a lot of folks in situations like that now you preaching. Now It's, it's, but it, it is like my grandfather and I tell this all the time.


I remember my grandfather very vividly telling my aunts, 'cause they had gotten grown, they were still at the house and they wanted to come in. You know they wanted to come in one, two o'clock in the morning. My grandfather said don't grumble and stay grumble and leave. He said, tell me what, tell me what A-S-O-B-I am at your place, but you ain't gonna tell me what I am at mine because you're not coming in here at the time that you want to. Grown folks have their own place. Whole bunch of grown folks. Don't stay with other grown folks and then try tell them how to run their house. Sound like roommates. Huh? That ain't happen at Marty Porter's house. So guess what happened? Hmm? They got this stuff and left.


Don't grumble and stay grumble and leave. Tell me what a vote mofo I am at your place. Right. Man, I can't stand that mofo he make me sick. But you at your place saying that. You not Finn to say that here. You know, you know in that Man, look at bar chill man. Look here. Yeah. You talking about Hurricane Paul Lee. Paula, look here. Barney Porter, they played the drum man. He did not play with his kids or nobody. Kids. It was, he was matter of. Right. Imagine what I am magnified times 10 when that joke say I'm gonna be at your house at a certain amount of time.


You better be sitting on that porch when he, when he say, I'm coming to pick them, I'm coming to pick them kids up to go to Bible study or go to Sunday school. You right there, here on time and I'm gonna be there X time. It wasn't No, hold on Mr. Barney, you better be ready. Oh no. What, What do you think we got that from Ocho? He did not play that. When that man say we leaving for church at this time. Lord have mercy. I should have had my brother tell ask him. Yeah, That Joker didn't play at all.


He was quick to say, look here all that joke. And Kiki kid. Right? He said, Greg grown man don't play like that. All that Kiki ki That's why I get that Kiki ki from, oh no, but I tell you what Chad, if y'all see my brother ask, say, say Sterling man, I heard your brother talking about your grandfather. Tell us what he was like. See what he say. I Got I gonna ask you about that. See what he say.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Commanders lead the NFC East with a three in one record. Wow. Two in way. Two in one. What? What name Name? Two 14 over the Cardinal. What's that? Man, young Hoku kick the Falcons to a win over the Fame. You ain't what you said dog Young way Ho. You talking about Young way, young way Hoku. No you can't. That's not they name. What'd I say? I said Young Hoku. Who? Who you talking about That? What's his name? What's the name? The kicker for the Falcons. You see what I'm saying? Don't change that dog. You gotta stop that man.


Young way or young ho? Young way. How do you spell dog? Oh, okay, Spell. How do spell Young spell HO? You? What? They No they they, they don't spell know how to spell. Spell. You know how to spell over? I think they spell it. Y-U-E-N-G. She, she. Oh it's a She. No, She I get be a she. Oh, Ash be ho Young Ho. But see Young what? He said Me. You said Young Ho I say producer. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Listen to me, hold on.


Okay. Ocho ocho o. Okay, what is this spell? Who ain't H Oe? Ain't nobody name that spell That is nobody's name. That is nobody's real name. And you gonna say it. That Is, that Ain't nobody's name. That's his man's name. That that is not nobody's name spelled like that. You know name spelled like that is His name. Actually that his name. That's the, well it's that it's pronounced Young way but it's fell because No, she put it on there as Young Way. But if you go look at GH Oe GHOE Go.


That makes it go Falcon Defense. Special teams make big claims. That's really weird. You got my stomach hurting man. Thanks DB Paul Edible Edible who picked our all game, committed it up the Falcon. Now you wanna go to Ho Young Ways Kick. He kicked a 58 yarder at the, this is the second victory in Falcon's history in which they scored zero offensive touchdowns. Two or more defensive or special team touchdowns. The last time it happened week 9, 19 77 in a win over Detroit.


Man we weren't even, we were barely born then. I think Lehman Bennett was the head coach back then. They had a good defense. They had a good defense back then. You know, 10 years old you weren't in Atlanta. Man, you crazy. You, hey that's, I was in Atlanta. You know they had Buddy Kurt. Yeah. Fulton. Cotton. Cotton. Do you know, take that serious. Billy White really wear white shoes. They had Steve Markowski. That's what I'm saying. People, people don Understand. Absolutely. Billy White shoes. Take that serious. I've never seen it without white shoes. White, yes. Mm. He probably go to the bathroom.


I ain't never seen a man poop that much junk. Like old man. He must be some or something. Stay Joe Burrow and the Bengals get their first win over the Panthers Ocho your BALs playoff predictions still alive. Joe Burrow put together another solid day completing 22 or 31 2 32, 2 touchdowns. One pick and the teams rushing attack. Chase Brown, Zack Moss combined for 131 yards. Two touchdowns on 30 or 10th. Listen, listen. Ho Joe Bengals Look good. Obviously What thinking you did play the Panthers. The Panthers. Listen, I said some things about them before they, before they played the Raiders.


Obviously Andy Dalton is in is in there now. They look decent. Deontay Johnson had a good game. Xavier Legett, you gotta show up for your quarterback, but you gotta got hold on some of those balls. Mingo y'all gotta do. Listen y'all, y'all gotta show up My Bengals. We won a game. But again, people will say, oh, you won a game but you played the goddamn Panthers. That's no disrespect to them. We needed, we need, we needed this game. We needed this game to get some continuity, to find some rhythm. That's a grown man, man. Jamar Chase. Boy, you look good. That's a grown man. Listen, this is why you pay your, they paid like that because you get the results you get today. You taking nah, no, no.


But again, yeah, he should keep doing your thing. They probably this day Gotta be playing and he hadn't got his bag. And everybody else has that. That's, that says a lot about his character, man. Yeah, Lamar Jackson had something he needed to get off his chest this morning. This is a team sport. I'm not out here to satisfy when I throw, I'm not out. I'm not out here. I'm not, I'm out here satisfied when I throw for 300 yards but took the l, if I throw for 50 yards, And, we win. That's what the WTF matters. Y'all stop commenting on our social about yards. Yeah. And fan or par ain't Listen don't that I don't be ocho what I'm getting out of it.


If I, if I, let's just say Ocho, you had somebody got you in your parlay ocho over under a hundred yards. ocho, you know, touchdown on the parlay OCHO score, this guy scored. So you hit a parlay, you bet $50. And you got all these guys, you got OCHO is one of your guys and another guy's, one of your guys. And that thing hit for like none 4,000. How much of that you get Ocho. So why Ocho give a damn about your Parley. It, it's tough because y'all jumping on these guys timeline like, hey man, you cost me my fantasy. Oh you cost me bro. I didn't play well enough And, we lost the game. Why give a damn about your fantasy more than I care about this game. I get it and I'm, Hey, I want you to have success as much as you possibly can.


But I don't be looking at reading my comments like, Hey man, are you on my fantasy team? Oh man, this dude picked me in his fantasy. Right? Let me go out there and try to get three tubs and a hundred yards. Lamar ain't looking at your fantasy saying man, he got me. I need to rush for a hundred, score two, you know, run for two touchdowns, go for another two 50, another touchdown so I can make sure my guy win. Lamar ain't thinking like that. Lamar said, I'm trying to get the, Lamar says, I'm trying to stack as many Ws as I many dubs as I can. I want to have home field one more time and I wanna see if, if I can do a step better than what I did last year. That's what's going through Lamar mind Lamar thinking about no fantasy. Fantasy. Don't do nothing for Lamar unless he play, unless he got on fantasy.


He is own, he is own quarterback on his own team. But no, they ain't got nothing. That ain't got nothing to do with Lamar. But guys, I see it all the time, guys like, man, you call me my fantasy guys like, bro, I don't care nothing about your fantasy. I really don't. I don't care nothing about your parlay. I Can tell you why, why 80% of the NFL continues to get hurt and the injuries, the soft tissue injuries continue to increase year in, year out. I can, I can tell you, but nobody wanna listen to me. But no, the NFL teams wanna be bring in all these goddamn specialists with all these goddamn pie charts and shit, you know, on, on, on which you're supposed to consume and, and how important your nutrition and intake is.


And everybody continues to get hurt. Don't listen to me. We play a fucking barbaric sport. But all you motherfuckers are eating like goddamn rabbits and wonder why your body can't hold up and it's only weak goddamn three. Yeah, but you don't wanna listen to me, huh? 11, 12 years, no injuries. All I did was dislocated my goddamn finger once. Shit. But don't listen to me. Listen to the motherfucking people that never played a sport before, but they telling you what to put in your goddamn body. I'm gonna listen, I'm gonna listen, I'm gonna listen to the guys like Megatron that Sadie Healthy and Jerry Who? Megatron. Okay, that's a good one. What about, what about Jerry?


Jerry? That, that day That's a good One. I mean, look to each his own. I just felt that, I just wanted, I just felt that I, I was gonna get in what I put out and so Right. Like during the season I wasn't need anything bad. Right. That was just me and it. And, and, but here's the thing though, Ocho the mind is, is, is is the strongest muscle that you have. So you believe eating that, what? Nothing gonna happen. Right? And you convinced yourself. Most people believe that if they eat healthy, they'll be healthy and they'll perform better. It ain't happening because all them motherfuckers hurt. They on ir soft tissue injuries. My hamstring, my ankle.


I mean, listen, I'm talking about the, it, it, it, it hurts me because the best players are the ones getting hurt. And I, on Sundays I want to see you play. I wanna see you play. I'm mad at pka. Na na had a historic rookie season last year with the Rams. You know what he ate every day last year he had McDonald's. He was a McDonald's advocate just like I am. He changed his diet in the off season and started eating healthy. It's not a coincidence. But you have to understand though, Ocho a lot of guys don't have your frame. They eat McDonald's eating that bull drive. They're gonna be, they're gonna be 300 pounds.


They're gonna be 20, 30 pounds over the weight. Time out time out time. What you mean? A lot of guys don't have my frame. It's only one me. Exactly. It's Only one I know. Hey listen, I know I'm built like a a He-Man figurine, You Know, no six, not two 30 chiseled up. I know not everybody came built like this. No, I'm a spec. Yeah, I know I'm a specimen. A lot of guys that eat, you know, we got weight. I don't know if y'all had weight, had to make weight in Cincinnati. Of course. Hey, listen, I I was overweight a few times. I got, hey, listen, Marvin fired me like 15,000 right before the Ravens game. Right before the Ravens game. I I came in at 2 25.


I ain't worried about that. I think the thing is Ocho is that I don't, I don't think the guys give their body enough time to rest. You don't think so? I Don't. They barely even, they barely even practice. No, but I'm saying I'm not, I'm I'm talking about all they do is they, they go from soon as to seasonal, they start back running and they don't take no time off. Oh, I see what you mean. I see what you mean. Damn. Get your body. Take a month, take two months off. I don't, I don't think that's it. We were doing two a day, huh? Yeah, we Was like, we took We took a two month. They don't, they don't, they don't put the body through the ringer enough. Yeah, they not practicing enough. Ojo. You gotta get the body ready for that The Volume


Stop by O'Reilly Auto Parts for the power, performance, and reliability of a new superstar battery. Visit O'Reilly auto.com Oh oh. O'Reilly Auto Parts


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite. Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.