
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Alright, check us out, ocho Now it's time for your favorite segment. Rough Draft Best NFL House calls brought to you by homes.com from a sleek ad free designs comprehensive agent directory and most in-depth neighborhood content of any shopping site. homes.com is the right home shopping should be. So tonight's Rough Draft, we're going to talk about the best house calls of the season presented by holmes.com. What's that? I'm gonna go, I'm gonna take Saquon's Barkley in the snow. In the ch in the divisional.


That's one for me. Mm. Yeah. No, you need to call Michelle and ask her. Che, who'd you pick? I picked Saquon. It ain't up there. Okay, are we go? Okay. My Actually no. The first one was Bill's first quarter.


First in 10 on the Ravens Lamar Jackson under center takes the snap hands the ball up to Derrick Henry who goes 87 yards for the touchdown to start the NFL season. Is that up there? Damn. Graphics. Alright. Graphics. Y'all know I don't wanna get upset. Somebody say Calm down Shannon. Don't trick yourself outta this position. Oh, there are no graphics. Well, dang. How they gonna see her putter there? Alright, go ahead Ojo you first. You next? Lamar Jackson. I Got Lamar. I just said.


Say say Kon. Make up your Mind. I pick Lamar. You got yours up there. Isaiah. Likely Winnie Dukes not one, but two defenders. 4 49 yard touchdown. Okay, mine's week five. Broncos Raider second quarter. First in gold Gardner. Minchi takes the snap rolls to his left, throws the ball. Pick by defensive player of the year. Patrick Ctan. 99 yards to the House Reservation for six, please. No, man. Alright. Week six Chiefs 49 ERs in the fourth quarter. Fourth the goal. Pat Mahomes and the quarterback. Gerald takes the ball off the middle and hits the truck.


Stick on Malik Mustafa for the one yard. Td. Okay, week eight, Calvin Austin ii Electrifies the field electrifies the field. The Steeler speedster takes a pun. 73 yards to the house. Weaving through the Giants defense. Draw dropping touchdown. Calvin Austin. No, absolutely not. Go Ahead. Week, week eight commanders Bears fourth quarter with time expiring Jayden Daniel scrambles and throws Hail Mary pants for 52 yards Deflected in court by Noah Brown for the win. Alright, you lost, you lost just off that A FC divisional round. This one fourth quarter Eagles on 22. Sequan Barkley takes the handoff out of the shotgun. Breaks free runs left 78 yards for the touchdown When that happened.


What the hell you mean You didn't, you didn't watch that game against the Ram. I Ain't, I ain't see that game. I ain't see that game. Don't Worry about it. Hold on. Week 13, Seahawk Jets second quarter, third at eighth on the Seahawks. 10 defensive tackle Leonard Williams picks off. Aaron, I, you know what? I don't even know how to say his last name. Aaron. I, how you say it? IU Shannon, Look at your brother. Where? Right there. Hey, would they do Hall of Fame? Would they do Hall of Fame Hall?


Where'd Jordan go? May y'all clap it up. Every stolen sharp. Man. Man, Boss man, what they do, baby. Yeah, Girl. Thank sir. Thank Don. No, get, get back like you were.


Yes, my knees bashed. No, my knees bad. Thank you very much. It's been a long day and even longer trying to get here from over there. But thank you for staying. Hopefully we can get you outta here shortly, because I gotta get up early in the morning again. But a tremendous day. It's, it's an honor and a pleasure to follow that guy for, for a change and, and being the first brothers inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame Loud.


Don't you, don't you cry up here. Don't do that. I wanna know, you have to tell me, tell the people out here understanding and knowing all you've been through where y'all come from, what it took to make it to the NFL. The struggles, having to lead the game early. What this night means to you. It's, it's kinda interesting o because I never wanted to be in the Hall of Fame. Mm. I never expected to be in the Hall of Fame. This is not something I asked for. This is not something I wish for. This is not something I prayed for because when I left the game, the only thing anybody ever talked about is what I didn't do.


Mm. Now I'm okay with that. I am, I'm okay with what I, I put on film. I'm okay with that. But, so I never had any expectations. This is not like Christmas to where, you know, you want a skateboard or you want a bike or you want them pair of Jordans. This isn't like that. So for me today is kinda interestingly surreal because I didn't want this, this is not something I wished on myself. But, you know, being there and seeing my friends that are in the Hall of Fame that were more excited than, seemed like I am right now.


But they were genuinely happy. My good friend Terrell Lowens, I, I hope I'm not, I hope I'm not doing anything wrong by putting Terrell's business in the street. But Teo, CRO Teo and I go way, way, way back to the, before he even gotten the lead. And he was so happy for me that, that he and I had a had about a good 45 second moment to where we just kinda, we kind of got wrapped up in each other and the history and the time and all that. So it's, it's been a really good day. O But let me tell you, I, I haven't gotten there yet. I it's gonna, it's gonna take a little more time to get there.


Yeah. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Congratulations. And I know, thanks. It's been a long time. She, she seen that guy speechless over there. Yeah. You know, your little brother loves you, man. Yes, he does. When he talks about you, he talks about the man that, the only man that he's ever hoped to be, to measure up to. 'cause he knows he couldn't do it. And anybody that knows you and anybody that knows him, knows how he feels about you, me, personally, you know how much love I've always had for you. Let's get some tissue. Now we need some tissue up here. For those of you who might be too young to remember.


We religiously talk about Jerry Rice being the greatest receiver in NFL history. Those who know football before TO before Randy Moss, we would all mention him. 'cause he was that sensational of a wide receiver. He was big time. And so to then watch you transition into the business before your brother did, he did a hell of a job talking the game of football, teaching the game of football, working with cats in the industry and showing us the way as well, and had that pedi bee. There's so many people that followed that played in the NFL and now doing television.


You were doing it before most and you were doing exceptionally well. And so for me to see you have this day, thank you, thank you. It is well deserved. And I'm just happy for you. It's long overdue. Thank you. But it's here. Congratulations. Congratulations. I think the thing is why I get so emotional and people ask why I say because I had GPS to get to where I'm going because I had to follow him. You see, he did what he did with no navigational system. He had no MapQuest. He had no Google. He had no instructional manual.


I had all of that 'cause I got to walk in his footsteps. A lot of what I learned, almost everything that I learned, I learned from him. My grandfather was very, very hard on my brother. And I didn't understand why until my grandmother said, Barney, why are you so hard on Spanky? That's what they call, we call it. He said, Mary, everything that little one is gonna learn, he's gonna learn it from him. It's his job. Because we're not gonna be around Mary alone. It's his job to teach him how to be a man.


It's his job to teach him right from wrong. He's gonna follow everything that he does because that's what he sees all the time. For my brother to do what he's done with no guidance, with no instruction manual to get to where he got to get me to where I got, you guys have heard me say, the only man I've ever wanted to be was him.


He was my hero. He was my role model. He taught me to shoot a basketball. He taught me to throw a football. He taught me how to catch. He taught me how to tie my shoes. I'm not the man that's sitting before you today. I watched everything that he did. I hung on everything that he said. And, and then you heard me tell this story that he, he's only three years older than I, but he's more like my father. My sister's eight years older and she's more like my mother because everything that they did was what a mother and a father would do for a child. I'm not here. I'm not the man that I am.


I'm not the person that I am. I'm not the friend that I am. I'm not the father that I am without seeing how he did things. He's we're brothers. We're a lot alike, but we're very different because I've always had to fight. Everything came so easy to him. I was so small. They called me peewee. And I just, I could never understood. I never understood why I couldn't beat him in certain things. He was always prouder of things that I did as opposed to what he accomplished. He was much more happy when I got drafted than he did.


He wouldn't first pick in the seventh round, I mean first the seventh pick in the first round. I went to seventh round 1 92. He was so excited. He would just call and say, I mean, he just, man, y'all don't know what this moment means. Not just to our family. My mom is gonna be extremely excited, excited. I'm extremely excited. A high school coach who coached my mom, who also coached he and I, but this is a and God heard prayers I didn't even know he was listening to. Mm.


There'll be a time that you and I'll have a conversation. We'll talk mapping everything out. Guests that you want to bring and the party and the entertainment that you want. Ro I, I've said it before, would give every diet, take myself outta the hall just for you to be in. I measure my life in summers. I don't say years except big.


I pretty got hopefully pretty healthy. I got 20, 20 summers left. I'm good now. I'm good. I love you. Good. There's only two bad guys I've ever told that I love my son. My brother have their sister.


It was so hard to keep this a secret, Stephen. A when I got the call and I had to get him to come to my home and they wanted to go do it in Glenville, I said, bro, I hadn't been to Glenville in 13 years. He gonna know something up if I tell him to come down there So I can lu him to the house still. He hadn't seen me in my home in six years. So if I call and I tell him to meet me somewhere, he's gonna think something's wrong. Like, what's up bro? He's like, what's, what's up? I said, man, this. Come to the house like I'm in town. He like, you all right? I said, yeah bro, I'm good. I'm good. I just, you know, I'm in town. And you know, you close by.


And he had surgery on his eye. He had a detached retina. He had a bubble placed in his eye. Almost lost a vision in his eye about three months ago and said he had some, some blurred vision in his eye. And he went to the doctor and the doctor said, we gotta perform surgery. They couldn't perform surgery that afternoon because he had already eaten. So they got him in the next morning. So that's what we've been dealing with. Had a lot on my plate dealing with that. 'cause I worry I'm the warrior of the family. I think that's my responsibility now. But bro, I'm so happy. I'm so proud of you. I'm getting there. I I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm getting there.


It's, look, it, it's hard to explain because you don't want to put your emotions on someone else, but you, you, you know, and I think that the easiest way to explain it is we've all experienced, I think Christmas, you have a list and you're hoping that you could get two, three, or four of those things. I never wished for this. I I never wanted this. And, and I said it tonight out loud for the first time. And the reporter was like, what do you mean you never, I'm like, man, you don't understand.


I only wanted to do one thing. And that was play.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Ban Corp Bank A or Stride Bank NA Spot Me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed? Can I make My side softer? Can I make my side firmer? Can we sleep cooler Sleep number? Does that cools up to eight times faster? And lets you choose your ideal comfort on either side, your sleep number setting, and now save 50% on the new Sleep Number Limited edition Smart Bed. Plus free Home delivery when you add a base Ends Monday exclusively to Sleep Number store near you. Learn more@sleepnumber.com.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I didn't want to be an all pro or pro bowler or all that other, I just wanted to play. And I got to do that for seven years and I'm good. And then the Hall of Fame comes around and they're like, okay, you've been out five years. You know, Sterling Sharp is on the list of 25. You know, it would be, he would be a shoe in if he played longer. But they never talked about what I did. And I was like, if it wasn't enough, wasn't enough, I'm okay with that. I slept real good before I found out I was going to the Hall of Fame. And I slept good after finding out.


But, but I really didn't have any, any aspirations on winding this. It is a tremendous honor. I know exactly what that means. I went through it with him and that was the greatest athletic achievement of my entire life, was going on that journey with him through the Hall of Fame. Me going in will not exceed when he went in. It won't do, it's not gonna come close. That was probably the happiest I'd ever been because I knew where he came from going to Savannah State, a college. He said he wasn't gonna go. That's one of the times that I told him what he was going to do.


So I knew how hard he fought. And I mean, there's not a lot of opportunities for us in sports to where I know what Stephen a's journey was like to get here or I know what Chad's journey was like to get here. I know what his journey was like and all my prayers were for him. I'll embarrass him about one story. I paid all his bills. He was in the NFLI paid all his bills until my daughter was born because that was, that was mine because I, I wanted him to always have better than what I had.


He had a Mercedes before I did. He couldn't afford one, but he was driving one. And and then he wanted to go to a beach party and he drove my new one and wrecked it. A Yarded E junk. Yeah, that's what he said. I junkyard you carve dog. Wait, what? So, So you, you have to understand that, that we are, we, we are brothers, but we are, we are one side of the same coin. We'll say different things differently and we'll do different things differently. But we think alike and God is truly, you know, and I will tell you this story and I'm gonna be quiet.


A guy said to me, if you go in the Hall of Fame, are you gonna do like everybody else? And thank God, because you think God wanted you to be a Hall of Famer. If there is a God. And I said this, I said my own brother stood up and said, if you would've played longer, is no question in my mind that we would be the first brothers in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


That was in 2011. Since he said that. I have not had one catch. I have not gained one yard and I have not scored one touchdown. And we are the first brothers in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. So you tell me if there is a God and I should give him some glory. And So, you know, for me that that is what I'm, I'm I'm probably most proud of is everybody used to say, you know, Shannon, stop trying to be like him.


You can't be like him Shannon. Stop trying to do what he does Shannon. You can't do what he does Shannon. Stop trying to imitate him. Shannon, be your own man Shannon. I am so happy to say he didn't follow me around. I followed him Class of 2025 Pro Football Hall of Famer, Sterling S Sharp.


And now it's time for our next guest presented by holmes.com. Let's give it up a New Orleans on juvenile. Alright baby. I I see it.


Hey John. Oh, grab one. Grab homes.com. This is a better way to shop for home buying juvie 400 Degrees is a classic that helped define Southern Route. Tell me where you became when you come up with these songs. 'cause they're timeless. You come on nine and everybody hear the dance floor 20 plus years later after you came out with this. When you hear those and you hear people talk about it, I know when they see you in the airport and they see you on the street, they talk about 400 degrees.


Yeah. Oh man. It's just crazy, man. You know, I get some, I get some ill stories sometime when I bump into people, you know, and, and one of the main things I get from some of the people, they say, man, you raised me like, man, I don't know your mama, man. Yeah bro. You got me through some hard times. You know, and you know, I I tell 'em all the time when I see 'em, I say, Hey man, I'm glad I could be of service to you man. And but 400 degrees for just, just like, just like it is in New Orleans for a lot of people they say, man, it was this an inspiration for me to do something in life. So glad to be there for 'em. Well listen, cash money, bro.


Oh, Cash money Records bro was a powerhouse in the nineties and two thousands, bro. Yeah, we grew up on that shit. You raised me. You know, when I think about it, I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm I'm just being honest man. What is it like being a part of such a revolutionary label, bro? It's crazy, man. You know, we, we was in the studio making them songs. You know, we, we didn't see ourself being, I knew I didn't, I didn't see ourself being, you know, around this long 20 plus years. And man, it is one of them situations where you see a little bros popping off. You know, you had your, you had your, your shine and then you see Wayne pop off, you see BG pop off and it's like, damn man, we really, we really, you know, we really made it, you know?


And, and, and now the city's still showing love, man. Yes. Yeah. When you were in the studio, did you know at the time what you guys were doing? Did you think it was like, man, these are classic, these are gonna stand the test of time. And probably, did you ever think, and that's a two part question, obviously, when you have that and everybody could stand their own, did you think you guys like, damn, we probably ain't gonna be together much longer because we hey, each gal can stand on his own and yeah, we doing this together, but this ain't gonna last much longer When we got together, man, you know, you know, cash Money did a, a overhaul. They had a lot of artists on the label.


And then, you know, when I got there, the first thing they told me is, it's gonna be you, you know, it, it's you, Turk, BG and Wayne. So when we, when we started hitting them studios and we start making them songs, we had no idea of, you know, what the fa you know, what the people was, what the reaction would be, you know, but when we started doing them tour and that money start coming in, you know? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? The cash went rough outta tour and stuff like that. Yeah. That, that's, I start seeing a little, you know, a few things. Then I start saying, well man, I hope everybody getting paid Right. You know, so I, I start, you know, I start worrying about my money too, so. Right.


Yeah. Hey, who were your, I got you on, go ahead. Who were your biggest inspirations when you, when you were coming up and who inspires you now? So when you was coming up, before you started popping off and y'all were, who inspired you, especially from your own culture? Good question, man. I listened to everybody. I was one of them cats that liked to listen to hip hop period. But my main influence was was Ice Cube. Ice Cube. Ice Cube was that guy from the, you know, when NWA when NWA came out, gangster Gangster. I and everybody, everybody from the city could tell you when Gangster Gangster came out, that changed the way, everything in New Orleans, everything homie, I mean, and Ice Cube was always that dude for me Who inspired you right now that's in the game.


Somebody that you, you look at and be like, you know what? That he, the one he, he one of them, Man, I got a few of 'em right now. It's this guy sitting next to you, man. I'm inspired by him. The transition, you know, I'm in the transition of my life where I'm getting ready to do a podcast. I'm, you know, I'm, I see how y'all, I see how you're picking up all these awards and I'm inspired by that man. And my other inspiration is E 40. You know, the way that he, he took the rap game and started branding himself. Yep. I see you with your La Poitier. I got my yak. I got everybody down here knows I'm branding myself all the time. I got juvie juice, I got chips, I got papers.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I got a few things. And my inspiration right now probably wouldn't be somebody that's in the rap game right now. It's cats that, that was around back in my day By being an entrepreneur. Lemme ask you this. Wheezy was the youngest. Did you know that he was gonna grow up to do what He's to become? We did, bro. You listen to bling bling, you hear, you hear Birdman see in the year 2000 and we ain't gonna tell the game up. We, that's how we felt. We always knew, you know, Wayne mom, you know, Wayne mom wasn't letting him curse. So we had to water that down. We had to like, he used to come in there with some songs and like I said, bro, you can't say that bro.


The kids like, man, bro, you can't say that. So we knew then some of the stuff he was saying then like, damn bro, we, when you take, when we take the cuffs off of God, damn, he going to, yeah. I mean, when he came up with bling bling, Say that again? Bling Bling. Yeah. Did did y'all know that was gonna be an after? Because everybody started talking. Hey bro, you need that bling. Wayne was making so many sound effects, you know, that was his trick too. You know, I, I come in the studio talking stupid like, look man, I'm about to mess. I don't care what you got. I'm about to mess over you, Wayne come back with sound effects. So Wayne was always the one that killed me on the song, man.


But yeah man, I didn't know bling bling was gonna be something not especially not a word in addiction. Right. Wayne was always creative, bro. Beyond, I, I couldn't, I can't explain it bro. I can't explain it. In the beginning, dude used to have me laughing the fact that he was so young and he was, he was like a, a a, an adult in a kid body. Some of the things he knew. I'm like, bro, how the hell you knew that? Amazing bro. Real smart too. Real smart too Real book smart too. Yeah. If there was an artist right now that you could collaborate outside of meeting. So you spit like that though? Oh Yeah. I could rap spit Around.


Yeah, I spit like that. Yeah. You got rounds? Yeah. You, you wanna hear it? Oh no. Well forget y'all. Anyway. If there was an artist you could collab with today, who would it be? Right off top. Off the top? Yeah. That's Off the top. Somebody that's active right now. It's, it's gorilla for a whole bunch of reasons. That's a good one. Yeah, that's a good one for a whole bunch of reasons too. Yep. I I just feel like gorilla fit that whole hot girl thing that I've been talking about that we was talking about years ago. Yeah. You know, I'm from the projects. Yeah. She just feel like somebody is from the hood. Like what You say? Glow? Realer. Yeah. Glow. Oh yeah. Glow. Glow up Glow. Oh man, let her cook. Yeah, she back let her cook. She like that hot.


She had one. Yeah. Ju you remember your tiny desk. That was a huge success. Especially when you, thank you Slow motion. Hey, when you hit that slow motion. Yeah. Like when you, when they, when they called you to do tiny dance, did you have in your mind like, okay, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do this. But to do it the way you did it, I think that's what people are like, well how, how a rapper gonna go on Tiny Desks? 'cause there's normally people with r and b and Slow Song and things like that. You brought it a rap and sung it in such a way people like, well damn he might have should have made it like this. Yeah. I didn't do it by myself though. And shout out to my guy Trombone Short and John Batis, they man it fresh, they really helped me out.


Right. They really backed me up. I needed that New Orleans flavor with me. They all came in a four oh oh degrees band man. They cut up too, man. But it was one of them things where I didn't even know what Tiny Desk was, you know, truthfully. And I made a statement pissed everybody off. They start going at me on social media. I said, look, if I get 10,000 retweets I go to, you know, I'll go to, you know, I'll come up there and perform on Tiny Desk. Not knowing now, not knowing I had to pay for flights and all that. Right. Like damn, y'all Ain't got no budget up there. So yeah, we had to pay for, I had to pay for everything, but it was all love man. Because the fans love it. They did. They get an unbelievable job. Ladies and gentlemen. Give it up of Louisiana's own New Orleans Own.


Ju they passing by too. Y that's that. Yeah, that's, that's the one. Man, bro, appreciate you too. Appreciate I I'm get you some of my liquor to you Bet. Alright bro. Juvie so Black. Y'all do that. And now welcome to the stage. She Shea Media's newest Signee. Humble Baddies. Grandma Sip. You gonna sit right there? They gonna sit.


We'll be going. We'll be going tonight. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up Bella? Hey Bill. Cheese. Hey baby pastor. Go ahead. O Joe. You, you, you, you got, you got. I'm, fuck it all Speechless. All right, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna just ask anyway, I want to know and I don't know, how did Humble Baddies come about? How did it start? Well, we used to have a podcast called I Am Woman.


And a lot of people were asking when y'all gonna get back together? So I was talking to Ashley and Alexis and I was like, y'all, we should do a podcast. And they was like, okay, okay. And one day I just woke up, we were coming from LA and we were in the airport and I was like, let's think of some names Ashley. So we were thinking of names and we came. I was like, what do you think about Humble Baddies? She was like, I like it. Let it up. She didn't like it. Let Get Up. Next Lake was like, I don't like that name. I was like, it's gonna grow on you. We got Humble Baddies and we just started, we went to a pod, a podcast room, started filming stuff and here we are today.


Is there anything that you ladies won't talk about? Or is everything a green light? Every topic We talk about Everything. Okay. I'm just asking. I'll be talking about every Sure. Lemme ask you guys, what is, is this your honest portrayal to what we see on Ws to Riches on Netflix? Is this the honest portrayal of you three? I think it's part of us. Okay. It's definitely Girl tell the truth. No, I'm saying 'cause we gotta be real like what you saw. I stand on business. What I said is what I said. Okay. Right. But it's not the whole story. And that's why we have our platform Humble, batty, so that you guys can really get to know who we really are, our real thoughts. We can have real conversations, we can engage with y'all.


And you really see like where we come from, you get the background. You can't get the whole story in the two minute scenes we filmed for hours. So you're not seeing like the full story. But that's why you gotta tap in and get the backstory on Humble Baddies. So, so what we see on Humble Baddies, this is who you guys really are Correct With, with wax or riches, reality TV have became scripted reality, right? So when you have people who new castmates, they have a story, right? And I know we got a lot of feedback, negative feedback saying, oh, why you exposed this person? Their story needed to be told.


So of course when you're dealing with producers and everything, it's scripted reality. It's unfortunate. But So you really don't want 25% of my Nightcap. I really What? Don't want 25% of my Nightcap revenue. No. So our, our scene was playing Chad and I be, we be capping a lot, y'all. So the, how much did my lawyer say she, 500,000 of you. That was, it was, it was a battle of the lawyers with that scene. I think it's layers to everybody and we are public figures and we show up as ourselves, but at the same time we are, we have debt, we have families, we have businesses, and we hope for a season two.


So you can see that we are talented women and we have a voice. So we are just here to sprinkle a little bit of our essence on that. So, And our main thing with, with Wags, we want to show that, you know, most people think we want to change the narrative of what a wag is. A lot of people don't know that the women and girlfriends of athletes really have businesses. And a lot of people think that they ride their, their husband or their boyfriend coattail. And that's not true. Like, it's not highlighted a lot that these women have businesses and that's what we wanted to show. Absolutely. What are some advice you'd give to women that's trying to start a business?


I feel like you have to go for what you're passionate for because if your heart isn't in it, then you're already, you know, losing. So just make sure that whatever it is, you know, you gotta stick your mind to it and be passionate about it. Give it your all, you know, get up and do it. Don't just, you know, say you're gonna do something. Get up and do something. Every, every effort means something. I say surround yourself with people who are doing better than you. I say also surround yourself with people who can, you can learn from. I feel that if you are in a room with someone who is on a trajectory, you can tap in with them. So whether it's mentorship, whether it's asking questions. I love to be in a room with someone that is doing beyond because I'm like, you know what, I'm in this room with them So you know what, I can be there too.


And I listen to them and I take heed to what they're saying and I bring it to fruition and it happens. So I think it's really about who you set yourself with, who you ask questions to and who you, your mentors are. Did y'all, what are your goals and aspirations for Humble Baddies 2025? We all set goals before we, we go out and try to achieve something. So what are your goals for Humble Baddies throughout the entirety of this show? Well, we, we signed under the best. So you wanna, we wanna go on tour? Our goal Is, y'all wanna go on tour? We signed under under the best podcast. Yes we did Media company, but we plan to be up there with Nightcap.


Okay. And we need all y'all to subscribe to Humble Baddies. Yes. Thank you so much. We're Giving away $2,500 to a small business owner in the month of February. So if you are a small business and you're looking to take it to the next level, or you wanna start your business, we have guidelines, follow Humble Baddies, subscribe and you may be a winner. I like It. Give it up. Ladies and gentlemen, Humble Baddies. Thank you. Thank you, Thank you for having Us. Time. What time you Down the time your safety. Thank you.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the color editions. It's extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


All right, ladies and gentlemen here, it's time for our last segment of the day. It is time for q and a. Q and A. Yep. Q and a. Q and a. What happened? I'm waiting. They gotta come to the mic. Oh, Hey we, we y'all, Hey can y'all hear me? Yeah. Where y'all going tonight? 'cause I'm, I'm gonna go. Can I go with one of y'all? I'm going to bed. I gotta work tomorrow. I ain't go back. My name's Todd. My name's Carl Williams. Oh, I got two questions. Yes. Did OCHO pay you your 5,200 yet? You know what?


I'm glad you brought it up. He ain't about to bank that part. He ain't bank the bank. James Harrison. I Forgot. I forgot that. I forgot about that. I ask one of them changed. I forgot about that. Why? Why you snitching? Man, I'm glad you brought it up. I forgot about that. Lemme me get one of the bracelet until you paid. Hey, that I ain't look mighty nice man. Yeah, but I ate 85 so gimme one of the bracelets. They say 85 on it. No, it I'm gonna pay you. I'm gonna pay you. I'm gonna pay you though. I'm gonna pay you. I'm gonna pay. Hey, thank you for reminding me. 'cause I ain't forgot. Honestly. I ain't, I'm not. I'm lying. I forgot about the money. Oh My second question. If your grandmother and grandfather was alive right now, how would you think they would tell you and Sterling right now? Oh my goodness.


My grandfather probably would say, Mary, I told you those boys was gonna be something and my grandmother would probably just be shaking her head. Ooh, Congratulations to y'all man. Thank you bro. Appreciate you. What up aunt? What's up bro? All right. I got a question. Said both of y'all played in the league with the situation that happened tonight with Josh Allen winning. Do you think the NFL should release the awards at the end of the season to prevent? I feel like once they used the playoffs for an extra push to swing awards. So I feel like since Allen keep losing to Mahomes, that was a way to give him something since he lost to Mahome. 'cause that's the only person, he can't beat them and burrow anybody else.


He played beat. Right. So moving forward, since both of y'all played, would y'all rather see the NFL use just the regular season and give the award out at the end of the regular season? It is The boat. The boats are, the boats are in the last game on a Sunday. The votes have to be in Monday at noon. Mm. So the playoffs don't have any impact on the f? Not at all. Now they play, they play, they played games for that one. Yeah, it's only, it's only the regular season. Now maybe what they start doing is that the 50 men and women that vote, they'll probably make those votes public. Yeah, that'll work better. That'll work better. Alright. Hi UNC Ocho. My name's Ivy.


I am a Louisiana native. I wanted to ask for 90 seconds on how to turn around the New Orleans Saints organization. Oh wait, hey. Whoa. I got, I got it. I got it. 90 Seconds. You don't need, you don't, you don't even need 90 seconds for that. You don't need 90 seconds for that. You need a quarterback now look at the, look at the commandos. The commander's got a quarterback, the right quarterback. And turn your franchise around. And less than a year if the, if the Saints get a quarterback man, y'all gonna be straight arch man. Yeah, No Archie y y'all a couple years away from Arch, but I think you get a quarterback, you gotta settle on the coach.


It seems like killing Moore's gonna be your coach. It seems like he's the only one that really wanted this job because you're so much over the cap. You're gonna have to release some quality players. You're gonna have to do a really good job of drafting. But it all starts with a quarterback. Without that guy you really, it's hard to win in the National Football League. What about Spence? Spencer. Spencer Rattler. Okay, Thank you. Go ahead ma'am. I just wanna say hi Shannon Ocho. Thank you. I'm from Macon, Georgia and I go to, okay. I go to LSU and I also work for the football team as well. Yeah, a double who's support seven, eight.


I just want say, just thank you guys for being such an inspiration. I didn't have a question but I just wanted to tell y'all thank y'all. It's my dream to work in football and I believe that I've been able to do that because watching y'all and growing up seeing you Ocho I know I'm too young to see in your prime, but I did watch a highlights so I guess I could count. Okay. I just wanna just tell you guys thank you and just how much y'all mean to everyone and to me as far as just like seeing just two guys just from Florida, from Georgia, just go out and do great things. Thank you. Appreciate. Thank you. Appreciate that. Appreciate that.


Hey Shannon. Yes. Thank you for K Killing my chiefs over the years. I appreciate that. I had a question for one for each of you was Derrick Thomas really the real deal? I loved the man, I loved him and I just wanna know from your perspective, was he as awesome as he looked on TV and ocho? I loved you. You were awesome. I didn't care for some of your press conferences when you played played the Chiefs, you were like, oh, I'm gonna beat them that year that they were undefeated, then you guys kicked their ass. We went, okay, yeah, you kicked their ass. But anyways, tj, ADA, I drafted him a lot in fantasy. Was he really as awesome as I, you know, as a teammate? Was he an awesome stud receiver as I thought he was?


Yeah, He's really, he was really good. Obviously TJ and I played together at Oregon State and just so happened God put us together with, with Cincinnati and so that, that continuity continued in that chemistry. He's, he's, he's one of the best, you know, at his position. Yeah, I thought he was a Stud. DT was better than what you saw Television. The best pure pass Russia that I faced in my 14 years. Appreciate you bro. What's up bro? What's Up bro? Joe? So I want to ask, what is your guys' biggest accomplishment individually outside of football? Ooh, that's A good one. Mm ooh, that's a good one.


Oh my goodness. Damn. That's a good one. I mean a part of, I I mean I, I want us, I look, I think for me my per my biggest accomplishment is being able to provide for my family. 'cause that's what it's all about. I mean, yes, I love, I mean I love, thank you. I I love the fact that, you know what we, what I've been able to build with she Shea Media, Nightcap Ocho and i Club Shay Shay now Humble Baddies bubble dub five 20. But what is that? What is all that? Unless you really have something, someone to share it with.


So for that, for to be able to, I think that's my biggest accomplishment. I've accomplished so much. But to be able to provide for my family and to know that everything's gonna be okay, they know everything's gonna be okay. 'cause that's my responsibility to make sure everything's okay. I think that's my greatest accomplishment. I think mine, mine would ask will also have to have to be that I, I was gonna say, you know, being a father is my greatest accomplishment, but I still have work to do in that area. I think we always, of course continue to prove year in, year out. You're never perfect in that area. But being a provider and everyone understanding all 211 of my kids that you'll never have nothing to worry about, you know, and including those I had kids from including the misses back there, you'll never have to worry another day in your life.


So that'll probably be my biggest accomplishment. Good. First, I don't really have a question, but I have Cortez Kennedy's daughter here with me, sign up for me Courtney Court, what they do? Twin. Okay. So She wanted me to come, came back together. So yeah, so every time I, I watch all y'all shows, right? Like every single one, except for the recap ones that I already watched it, but I tell her every time he tell a story about Teez. So I wanted To know if you could, she wanted me to Ask if you could share a story with everybody. Te and I came out together. You, he, every time, it doesn't matter, you could go a month, you can go a year, you can go five years.


But when you saw Teez, he always asked, man, how your brother doing? How your mom doing, how your grandma doing. He was, he was his size and you know, 300 pounds. But he was, he was a great, great teammate. We made a lot of pro bowls together. Like I said, he, we came out in the 90 class. We both in the pro football Hall of Fame. But your dad was an unbelievable man. He was, he, he was a, I consider him a great friend because he was always so positive. He, he, I don't think I've ever seen him down. Yeah, I, the only time I've seen him mad when I was on some of his teammates, he like, come on sharp, let that go. Nah, I ain't let nothing go Tess. But he was so great and thank you for coming court, I really appreciate that.


Thank you so much. Thank Go. What up Ojo? Hey Ojo, I got a question I wanna ask you where you are? You signed my be a cousin Jersey. He got a Ochocinco on. Oh yeah. What's, yeah, I got you Twin. Go ahead. Run extra now. Yeah, you feel me? Used to be he ain't that no more bro. Why you got that? Why you hating My bad. I'm sorry. Boy ahead bro. So, OK and Ocho, I got two questions. Go ahead bro. My first question, serious. So as a young black man in America What's your advice? Like how do I go through life? I'm pretty good off, but like, what's your advice? Well, you can, one, you can't change anything about your complexion, So you gonna be black.


But I tell you what you can do. Yes sir. Bro, at this point in time, nobody really cares, bro. You gonna have to work, you gonna have to grind. We can't, we can't use that as an excuse. Not, we can't, bro. It's time. Look, I got into this business. You do great work. Yeah. People are gonna wanna associate with you. Yeah. It ain't got nothing to do. It ain't got nothing to do because I'm black. I ain't nobody, ain't no, I ain't no handout. I ain't no charity case. We work hard and that's the one thing I always, you know, I, I convey to Ocho is like, look, in order for us to get to where we want to get, of course we, we've got to work harder and that's okay. I ain't got no problem with that. Yeah, because think about how hard it was for us to get to, he's from Liberty City.


I'm from rural South Georgia and we ascended all the way to the tops of our profession. Yes sir. If we did it one time, we can do it again. Facts. Facts. Life is a game. Ocho life is a game. The better you learn to play it, the better off you'll be. I gotta write that Down. I Like that. I like that. I like that. But Ocho, ocho, look, look, look. Read this from me. Ocho. I, I can't read it. It's too far. The shades on it. Ah, Man. Nigga, you making me get up and shit, man. Hey, On top.


Nah, I did that. What you talking about, man? I said that. What? Yeah. Yeah. You good? It is nice to meet you, babe. You good? Okay. All right. I'm, I'm sorry guys. We gotta go. We gotta get to the back. We gotta do the VIP meet greet. I am so sorry guys. We gotta get going 'cause we gotta cut off time. They about to cut the lights off guys, hold on. Thank you guys so much for coming out. What? And doing us on our first stop in New Orleans, we greatly appreciate it. The Volume.


So might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids. With district detailed and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent who knows the home best. It's home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.