
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champion League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups, and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to paramount plus.com/live sports. And sign up today.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have a good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out bos.com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video This Thursday, it's the New England Patriots of the New York Jets. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung as these reloaded A FC East Rivals Meet up coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight live from MetLife Stadium. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Patriots and Jets at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


The Volume TD taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's called Shannon. For new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Okay, Ocho, it's time to introduce our next guest. He's an Atlanta native. Went to Westlake High School, won the Heisman Trophy. Who at Auburn University. Let put some hair together. Y'all Appreciate you. Yes sir. Appreciate that. No lie. Because where I'm at in my life, I look at you as a vessel of hope and you give me the hope to be able to talk how I want to talk, dress, how I want to dress and speak my mind.


And that Atlanta gonna come outta every single time. Yeah, absolutely. So when people say, or they have they opinions about me, I look at Shannon, uncle Shannon, uncle Shay as that person that say he's doing it. So why can't I? So thank you brother. Appreciate that. Appreciate that. We're good to see you boy. Huh? Hey, I gotta call you out on some shit too. Ocho like, call him out. What you do? Ocho been acting brand new bro. Oh, you acting light skinned bro. You know you acting light skinned me.


You acting light skinned. You getting some good manon over there, guy. Some good. Who? Every ion Manion. What that mean? Okay. Okay, let's play a game. What that, What does that Mean? Listen, we ain't never rehearsed this. Right. On a count of three, what does Manan mean? 1, 2, 3. Oh yeah, I'm getting that. Well, I'm getting that. I'm getting that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But listen, listen. I'm getting it right, but I ain't spinning it so ain't nothing changed. It's still coming in, but I'm still pretending like I'm broke.


I swear for God because this shit ain't real. That's cat. He cap y. I'm Gonna lie to you. Ain't real. But see I told you. Listen. See You think. Well you were a good fine Vanessa. Boy, I thought I would've thought if I ain't know any better, I would've thought you were from Atlanta. I would've thought because there's some TERs, there's some finess, there's some scammers. All we need is an opportunity and some hold, hold, hold. We'll talk I way outta anything speaking. You dig? I still be scamming now. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie to you. I still, I know 'cause the light's hitting it. It look good don't it? Yeah. Shit. This ain't just from the lab nigga. Nah, You fix. You fool's gone Straight from the lab. You say you was disappointed that your former coach was there when you got there.


Y'all came in together. If I'm not mistaken, Ron Rivera didn't call you. Yeah. When he was in Washington. Why did that upset you so much? That was my dog. Like we've been through so much. I always hear his voice in my head. Yeah, kiddo. You know, man, this that, like I say this respectfully. He raised me and I raised him. He was a rookie head coach. I was a rookie player. I was not going to allow him to fail in Carolina. Not under my watch. Right. 'cause there's the oath.


And as it is, it's just in us as athletes that when somebody takes a chance on you, no matter what round it is, you feel obligated to give because they, no matter what you wanna say, Dave allowed you the opportunity to take care of your bloodline. So when, what was happened or what had happened in Carolina with me and Coach Rivera, we had numerous talks and discussions about the game of football and about life. So when I was going through the transition of being out of Carolina, I was like, yo, at least I was damn coach.


And it wasn't just him. See that's the thing. I can't blame a head coach because he may not have picking power. But Marty Herney the same thing he was, he drafted me, right? He was in DC and he said it's, I'm gonna take it a step further. The head trainer that they had, Ryan Vermilion was there. Nobody. So me going through this whole resurgence like, yo, like damn, I kept asking about Asia. I'm like, yo, they ain't called Washington ain't called. Hmm. I know what's going on.


So maybe that you weren't as close as you previously thought. Man, I'm an action person bro. I'm an action person and I teach my children this. Man. I could tell you anything. But if I don't prove on a day-to-day basis that I love what I showed you dog. That don't mean nothing to me. Have you had a conversation with him? Have you spoken to him? No, sir. Not, not like we said. Nah, it's not no beef and I don't want nobody to kind of take, what I'm saying is that I'm angry because there was a business decision that has to be made. And I was, and I knew I was coming off a shoulder injury. Is is that, that's all it was. That was like for me to just say, Hey kiddo, how you doing? Hey, how you feeling though?


Let's come up here for a physical. Let me really do a deep dive when you can do that's that's, that's the relationship we had. And it was the things. And I told Coach Ra, I was like, yo, this was in Carolina. I was like, in any shorty yarded situation, coach, give me the fucking ball. Here he is. Ladies gentlemen, Raheem Morris. Hey, the man changed the script guys. I just want know, do you need some fresh legs out there at camp? Say that again. Do you need some fresh legs? I can still go. I promise you. I tell uncle all the time. I still got it.


Even at, listen, even at 56 I, I'll tell you this, OCHO definitely can gimme a couple of releases. There we go. And then we're gonna stop right there, guys. Yeah. We got no routes. You know, when you, when you talk about quarterbacks, we understand how important that position is, obviously in order to sustain a consistent success for any team. If you look at the top teams in the NFL, it always come down to the quarterback position. Is there, is there a disconnect in any way with the quarterback competing with each other, understanding the pressures that are on Kurt Cousins, if he doesn't play well, that in job is in jeopardy, I think. I think the message was clear coming in. Right? It was open. It was honest.


It was clear. Kurt's our started. Yeah. Kurt's gonna take us to places that we want to go to. Okay. And Mike's gonna come in and he's gonna watch what it looks like, what it feels like. He wanna see what it looked like when you had your quarterbacks on your day with John Elway. He wanna see what it looked like. You ain't having no quarterbacks, but what it looked like to go out there. You've been, you've won Super Bowls at two different stops. You've been an assistant on a lot of different head coaches. What is the common denominator between winning and losing the people? It's a people first business in everything we do. When you were a Raven, I watched it live in hand.


I came into that stadium and I watched the confidence in the people. I watched Ray Lewis talk smack. I watched you talk smack And. we went in there like, man, we about to beat 'em and then y'all let us know after the game that y'all wasn't. And it was, it was, it was the people that was involved with the organizations. It was all about that. And here we're building a people first business and we're doing it with us. We're doing with our people, with our fans. And like, I just think that's just the messaging. Like you gotta have that type of mentality. It's gotta be a people first mentality. It has to be at all times in everything we do. We're talking about what the fans we're talking about, what our community we're talking about in the building. We're talking about with myself and Terry font and our relationship, Arthur Blank and how he communicates with everybody. How we go about our whole process.


It's the people. It's the people. It's simple. Obviously you had other opportunities. How do you convince coaches that look like you, that don't feel like that opportunity is ever gonna come? Because you had, think about it, there was a 15 year gap. Sure. Between the time that you were the head coach until you got it again and you had interviews and did you ever think like, man, I don't know if I'm gonna ever get another chance to be a head coach again. So you ready to Shannon this? It's real simple for me. Right? I was a 3-year-old head coach and I did it again. And people were telling me, you should have had it a long time ago. I don't give a damn what your people were saying.


I'm gonna work for it. I'm gonna go get it. And when it happens, I'm gonna be ready. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep developing my skillset that when it happens again, there's gonna be no denying on what you can and how you're gonna be able to do it and go about your business. And I don't give a damn what color I am. Results don't know color. I like it. I like it. You look at what you've done. You got Grady Jar, you bring him back. You signed Justin Simmons, you signed Matthew Judon. You just gave AJ Terrell boat load of money. You lock him up. I drafted him too. Don't forget him. You did. You did draft him. So what is the expectations of this defense? Considering you've got guys that have been pro bowls that have been to the all pro.


AJ Terrell's, one of the better young corners in the league. And, we know Gary. Jared is one of the outstanding defensive linemen in the league. What is the expectation that's your area of expertise? As you know, as you know, it's really simple, right? Stats are for loses. Yes. Their expectations to go out there and beat dogs. Mm. Right. We gotta find ways to affect the quarterback and make 'em just feel uncomfortable at all times. And once you find a way to make them uncomfortable and you dominate rundowns and you get the ball back, then just go watch our offense shine. Right? That's what winning teams do. That's how you form your identity. That's how you make things move. That's how the needle moves. And the next thing you talking about it on your shows about the stats, we don't care about none of that.


We care about the dog mentality that's gonna take to get there. That's what our, that's what our goal is. That's what our, that's, that's what the expectations are. Let from the seaport. Let's put some hands together for Miss Flau. John Sign. Have a seat. Have a seat. Let's Do it Wherever you wanna sit. Wherever you wanna sit. How you doing? I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I don't know if people know this, but you're from the Seaport. You grew up about three outside of here in Savannah, Georgia. Yeah. Most There. Most there. Rrp camouflage. That's what we do with the cpo. Lemme ask you this, how do you balance the two? Because obviously you're good at this rap game. You play basketball at an elite level.


What's the schedule? How do you find time to, because basketball, you are on a basketball scholarship. Yeah. And but you still, this is your passion also, right? So how do you balance that? I mean, it is hard, but I mean, it's not impossible, right? You just gotta, it's just time management. But I know in the summer I gotta take full advantage of my time in music. You know what I'm saying? So I just try to go full throttle while still working out and trying to get better in the off season. 'cause like during the season, coach Mokey like, all right, this is my time. You know what I'm saying? That was kind of, that was kind of our like, you know, that was kind of our deal. Like, you know, you give me everything you got in the season, in the summer, I'm gonna let you rock and do your music. So yeah, Tell us the story.


I saw you over at Cannes and you was telling the story that you had a concert one night. Yeah. You had to do the concert. Yeah. But you had to fly back, got back early in the morning. You were sleepy, you was tired, but you know, you had to get it because Coach Mulkey was going to be on your, you know, what had you not, Yeah, no. So what happened was Rod wave, he gave me the, like, the chance to open up for him in Atlanta. So we had a game that night, the next day after games, we always have off days. So I flew to Atlanta on my off day and then I drove back seven hours to go to br. Right. And like, I'm already knowing it's a stigma of like, nah, she can't do both for real. Like, you know what I'm saying? So I don't even wanna give people a thought to even be like, oh, she came to practice and she was tired.


Nah, when I came to practice, I was like bouncing off the walls for real. Like, because I knew that I had to come in and kill, you know what I'm saying? And I was the first one in the gym, last one out, like always. So, I mean my, my, my mindset, you know what I'm saying? I think it's more mind over matter. I think your mind can make you do things that your body sometimes won't allow when you determined. And that's how I feel like I work all the time. You know what, we all have dreams as when we are growing up as kids. Obviously. My dream, I wanted to be an NFL player. One of your dreams, I'm sure is to play in the WNBA. Yeah. Will you continue to your path as far as I, I I don't, I don't wanna word the right way actually wanting to rap as well and be able to balance both.


Yeah. At the, at the highest level. Yeah. I think it'll be easier, honestly, because, you know, I I don't have much commitment. Yeah. Like, oh my gosh, what school you got? You got school first of all, then you got tutoring sessions and all of that, and then you got weights and you got all the other, you know, requirements, practice of the athlete, practice, everything. So I think it'll be easier, you know what I'm saying? To be able to build my schedule and how I wanna do, my goal is to like play an arena during the day and then sell out that same arena at night, like playing basketball. So that's my, That's what I'm talking about. That's Lie. You gonna have to work that out with the coach. I don't know if she gonna be going for that one. She better go. When did you realize that you could rap?


When I was on America's Got Talent, I was on America's Got Talent when I was about 14 and I got the golden buzzer and like Simon Cowell came to the back and he was like, you know, one day you could be a superstar. And I'm like, bro, I'm like, that's Simon Cowell. Like, he don't even like singers for real. Like, so him, him telling like a young black girl that she can, like he see some type of superstar power in her that kind of just, you know, just gave me the confidence that I could do it. Because like right before America's Got Talent, I was on the rap game with Jerma Dupre and I lost. And so I, that was like, when I lost that, I went into my room and I just wrote all day. And then America Got Talent call and I was ready for the opportunity. And I got that, that validation that I kind of needed as a 14-year-old. Right. And ever since then, nobody could tell me nothing.


For sure.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's. Biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic, and of course Colleen Wolfe. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan, can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more. No. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars, join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league? And, you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app and Apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that, right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast has something for you. And you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Our last guest of the night, guys, I, he really doesn't need any Introduction. You've heard me mention on several occasions. He was the guy that raised me. He was the guy that I wanted to be the most liked. My brother Sterling Sharp. I was a real big fan of the show until I had to follow the discussion about Angel, my religion wasn't around me to be around people bad. So, but I, I'm glad to be here.


Do you realize I I I grew up with him, but tonight was the first time I met him. Yeah, Yeah. And I've always been a big fan. And And, we say that a lot. But you know, guys that have a passion for what they do, it ain't about money. It's not about cars or diamonds, although we have them. I, I enjoyed watching you play and do what you did. Now, the antics I probably could have did without, but, but I really did enjoy you. Thank you as a player. I really appreciate the way you play. Thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah, it, it coming, coming from, and it, this is, this is one of the things. If you, if you, for those of you that watch, when I played, obviously I was vilified through the mainstream media because of my style of play with the antics and having the fun, but to get the credit from my peers and those that came before me.


You don't know how much that means. Definitely one of the best to ever do. Thank you. I appreciate it. Definitely one of best to ever do. A lot of times people ask us, ask me, they ask you, man, how much of what you'll say, how much of what your brother say about your grandparents, what they, your grandfather said, what your grandmother said. How much of what he's saying did they actually say, I, I'm gonna do it this way. For those of you who have grown up in a, I'm gonna say a black church, you know, when they talk about Christians and Jesus, the shepherd and the sheep smell alike, Whatever he says, he got it from somewhere.


He didn't come up with it on his own. So when he says, my grandma used to say Dustin, so she actually did say it when he said, you know, my grandfather used to say this, definitely used to say it. So Cam, cam and I had a, had a moment backstage. And I was sitting in the audience listening to Cam. And he said something that I've been saying for years that I I, I never thought anybody heard, but I obviously he felt the same way. And, if you look at Tiger Woods and Venus and Serena and Shannon, Sharpe and Sterling Sharp, and I, I, I don't know Chad's background, so I'm gonna leave him out. But the successful people that came from nowhere were told what to do.


What does Richard Williams know about playing tennis? But we have Venus and Serena. What in the world did Earl Woods ever know about playing golf? But he gave us Tiger Woods. I will say this, my brother and I have never had a fight. Now, he used to cheat and I used to beat him down, but we never had a fight. The only time my brother told me what he wasn't going to do was that he wasn't gonna go to Savannah State College. And I said, that's good 'cause I'm on the way, bro. I'm leaving Columbia. I was in school at South Carolina. I'm leaving, bro, you're not going to the Army.


That's not gonna happen. The only time he and I ever had a disagreement, I have never in my 59 years on this earth, tried to be his father. But we were always taught that if you have to look past your own dinner table to find a role model, there's something going on in your home. I only wanted him, Bobby Dandridge, his nickname was Mr. Clutch. We had Franco Harris and, and, and Tony Dorsett. I wanted him to look at his own dinner table and be like, it's, remember it's the shepherd and the sheep thing.


I never told him what to do. I never tried to instruct him. I never led him. I lived my life. But the wonderful thing, and and for those of you who have kids, you know this, the wonderful thing is he was watching. And I am so proud. I'm, I'm proud of that guy right there because I'm proud of Chad. Because the perception, the persona and who he really is, is actually two totally different people. You don't realize how hard it is for him to come out here and do that. That ain't who he is. That is not who he is.


I'm ruining it for you and for him to, he didn't go through anything. He's led by a, by a higher power that put him where he wanted to be and what he went through on tv, he needed to go through that so he could get here. And sometimes, Many, many times in a family, you go through things that are hurtful. But he had to go through that to get to here. And he had to be here to get him. And those two together, doing some really good stuff. They're fun to watch.


They, they, they talk about really good things. Not the anal part, but they talk about really good things. And I'm very proud of both of them. When we did the same things when we both played football, we could talk football. When we both did tv, we could talk tv. I played golf. He doesn't, so we don't have anything in common right now, but we can still find out how each one of us, how we're doing. And I, I'm very proud of how he handled the skip situation. He, he almost, he almost lost it. The, the, the Afro-American almost came out.


I know you saw it when the glasses went on the table. Skip, I'm in the Elephant Hall Fame. I was like, I said to myself, that is the end of the Sharps on tv. That's it. Because I knew what was gonna come next. And I was like, skip, I hope you can fight. But no, I, I say that in jest. I never, I never thought he would lose control. I was really shocked that he yelled and screamed. But he yelled and screamed, not because of what Skip said. He yelled and screamed because he was so hurt that he, someone he liked and trusted would say or do that to him.


And he would never say this, I'm not on tv. I don't do anyone else's media at all except PGA tour golf. I go on their show, but I don't do anybody else's because you can't ask me about him because I'm not going to give you anything about him. Do I like his success? You gonna have to use your own imagination. Do I think he is doing the right thing? You're gonna have to use your imagination. I do not talk about him. Everybody goes, when you gonna be on Club Shehe? And I was like, I was first before it became Club, Shay, Shay and, and Chad, they were famous.


I went on then. 'cause I was like, I see where this train going. And this is way before Kat Williams. I do not want to be anywhere near where this thing's going. So Club Shea and Nightcap, I could say this, this is probably the last time you'll see me publicly because they are going in a totally different stratosphere. And I, and I wanna thank Cam Newton. I told Cam Backstage, I'm very impressed by him because they are a lot alike. Like, and and you have to admit, cam is the largest human being you've ever seen.


Dude is gigantic. And now it's time for you guys. One of you guys'. Favorite segment, the re report. Come on out here. Re Look at ra. Hey. Re need a mic, right? RA's rel Mike, It's my mic. Hey re Hey. Hey y'all. How you doing? Re I'm doing amazing. You just flew into town today. You know Ray sprung in town today. She was, We ain't doing amazing. We fucking beefing.


See, like, I'm coming. I wanna see my man. I've been away from him for a minute, so I'm coming. I said come on Man. I can't even support. Yeah, she can. Even When we beefing, I still support Now see that's what you need, don't you? I mean, listen time lemme take my glass off like we beefing for real. Like no bullshit. I ain't talk, I ain't talked to real in six, seven days. How many days it been? I've been busy. Fuck this shit. I just want y'all to know we beefing for real. He lying. And You still love us though. That's what people, that's what couples do. Hold on, hold On, hold on. Let me finish because I'm mad.


What they used to say, scratch your ass and get going. Yes. All right. Right now you are upset. I'm mad. No bullshit. Animals get mad, humans get upset. So right now you're upset. You have a little disagreement. You know, re said it was rainy outside. You said it's seven and sunny and y'all have a little disagreement. That's what happens. Couple disagree. Sometimes Don. Yo damn. You think it's gonna be great all the time. Any couples out there arguing? Yeah, they, I don't know. Are you, Are you going through it too, sir? Okay. Okay. Hey, holler at me after the show. Oh. Oh, your lady taking a picture too, so, Oh, I like the pictures.


Okay, look At that. Around. I see me. Yeah, look around. She, she Ocho ocho you gotta step on Joe. You better Hold on. You better Hold on. Who? Women like rel ain't, they don't come easy. Make their own money. Got their own, got their own money. She can stand. Rel is a standalone. There's not a whole lot of women that can stand alone. Right. Rel can carry her own. Right. And I know sometimes, look, I'm a lot older than you O Joe. And I can, I'm speaking from experience. I'm speaking, I'm speaking from experience and e it's easy.


Like when you get upset with your partner and the first thing you go, shit, lemme see. Let her know what she effing up with. She I'm the do. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm shit, I'm ocho now And I'm motherfucking real. So with that being said, look, this is, this ain't nothing that we can't overcome. We family. How about we have a, how about this year, like when I go on vacation next year, you and Ray host Nightcap. I believe you said, you said you want, you want a oh oh I want, I want to be on first take.


You gonna be on first take. I wanna Be on first take, Bro. When I'm going on first take, when I take my two months off, you would take my two days and your day? No, no, no. I want to come on there with you and Stephen a like right now. I ain't on, I'm on Mondays and Tuesdays. Okay. I'm gonna come on Mondays and Tuesdays. No, you can you take the weekend. You take Thursday and Friday. Ain't nobody watching on Thursday and Friday. Yeah, They do. That's leading into the game. Nah, Nah. But first of all, I don't run first take. Right. That's something you gotta take up with Steve and a All right. Don't worry about it. We good? We good? We good? And hey, just so y'all know, this ain't no script. This ain't really, the real report is part of the show.


But on, on, on God, we really beefing. Well You gotta keep it Reiterating just so they don't think this ain't serious. This shit's serious. I am. We beefing for you and I'm mad. Let's give it up for the biggest boss you ever saw Mr. Rick. Ross Ross, What's happening? What's happening? What's happening? What's happening? I'm proud of y'all man. Y'all make some noise for these two right here, man. I had you on the podcast. You were one of my first guests on Club Shesha. And you was telling the story how you was always a hustler that you would aid for a little extra money. You was washing cars, but for a little extra money. Hey, I'm gonna rearrange your cassettes.


I'm gonna put them things in there and alphabetical orders all this. I'm gonna do all this stuff. You always had the entrepreneur skill. You always had the ability to, to foresight to see like, you know what, the homies gonna like this. That's what it's all about. Take it to that next level. Whatever you got going on, whoever your business partner saw, surprise them. Take 'em to that next level. You see, I got my brand up here, I want to try yours as well. But that's what it's all about. I got my homie Jeremy Slippery soap, he in here tonight. So it's just all about always sharing that platform with my team. And that's what we do.


We all see the progress. We all grow. You look back a decade later, God damn, That's dope. Listen, you gotta think. Well we go, well we go way back by. We go way back. Way back. So I'm trying to think, when I think about artists today, how important do you think it is for them to build their brand the way you have outside of the music industry? But the thing is, you had the success to be able to do it through music, which made the transition that much easier, right? So how do you answer that question? It's one thing about building a brand, but you gotta be good at the first part. That is your profession. Right? Right. What we all gotta accept and be realistic about it.


It's like going to the league. Everybody won't make it to the hall of Fame. You being an artist, everybody may not know how to go out and really become that product or sell products. It's a lot of huge artists that could sell records. But the young kids don't want to dress like 'em. So they can't sell clothes. Mm. They can't sell shoes. Nigga won't even wear they socks. You know what I'm saying? So everybody can't do everything. But what you do want to make clear is the opportunities that are out there. So if you are a young athlete, you know what I mean? It's the NIL the game changing right now. But it's all about making sure you understand you are a business, you the CEO of your life and every day you wake up, you run it just like you would wanna run your business.


Alright guys, the next guy that's coming to the stage is a Houston, rap legend. Hold on. Oh, I gotta, I gotta use the bathroom Boy. You got, you got kidneys like an old person. I got a ppe. Go ahead. Alright, I'm sorry. Lord have mercy. You see this? See what I go through this? He ain't got no mic on. He, you good? You know, you good? That's it. I'm feeling in for my homie Chad Ocho secret. Okay. That's what's up. What's up? What's up everybody? What's up Houston? What's good? Did you fly in for this or are you here now?


I I'm here. I'm local. My daughter's at Prairie View. Okay. She's going to Georgia pee. No, What's been circulating lately is that Tyreek racing. Noah low Tyreek. I don't know what much more attention that he needs. I mean, he always has enough attention as it is, but he's not beating Noah low. I don't care what it is, what it is. He's, I, he barely, like we, we did a, we made a bet like probably like three years ago. He said he would gimme like 10 steps. It was like nine yards and we'd raced a hundred, a hundred yards. He barely made up a yard.


If I get a good start, I can beat Tyreek. And that's not, that's no cap. That's just me being realistic and understanding who I am and what my, my abilities are. You believe you can, you, you believe if you got a great start. If I, so if I work, if I were, if, if, if you got a speed coach and says, okay Osho, we gonna work with you for three months, and at the end Osho no, he ain't doing nothing At the end of those three months and it says, okay, you race Tyreek. What you wanna race him in a 40, a 60, a hundred? What you wanna race? He has no chance in the hundred. 'cause I'm, I'm one of those back. You want you unwind Once. Yeah, I pick up at the end 50 to 60. That's very competitive. But if I get a good start, he, he, he gonna have a problem.


He's gonna have a problem. But he's not beating Noah Lou. That's not, no, he's not. Why do you, why do you think he keeps challenging Noah? Lou? I don't know what much more attention that he needs. I, I don't know. But that's this, it's not possible. He's not about to, he's not about to beat an Olympic gold medalist and Nothing. Ocho think he could beat him in a 50. Ocho ain't beating me in a fifth. No. Ocho thinks Tycho thinks Tyreek Tyreek could beat nor No, He's not beating him in the 50. Hold On, hold on, hold on. It's, It's, it's about a mindset. There's, as football players, like I said, Tyreek is good football speed, right? He hands down, he's one of the fastest in the NFL and there are some guys that will probably challenge him on that, right?


He didn't raise DK Metcalf. Why? If you're that fast, you're that, that fast like race dk mega, there's Marquis Goodwin who was a track guy, right? Olympic guy. Why aren't you racing these guys? Is Xavier worthy who just ran the fastest 40? Yeah. Man, you biting off a little bit more than you can chew when you messing with Noah Lyes like, what is it, what is it you're trying to get out of this? But you're not beating, you're not beating Noah Lyes. You think he's being Noah Lyes? I said in the 50 or 60 it'd be close. He's not because He get out so fast. And we've been going at this for years. Yeah, you're not even faster than me. You, so I would admit, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. You're quicker than me. No, You are not. You're not even the better receiver. B, stop playing with me boy. I'm Ocho boy.


This Me boy. I'ma, I'm gonna go sit over this on this couch with the, this the yellow jacket couch over here. You know what I mean? Hey, I aint homeboy. Oh hey, this the yellow jacket couch over here. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You by yourself. Over you. I got love for you. This I A jacket too. I made my own. So look. Hey, it's three. Listen. Hold on, hold on. It's Three my own two before I got my real one. Nah, hold on. It's 300 of y'all. It's only one of me, nigga. That's all good. That's good. Nah. Like you said, and I look better than you. Nah, not happening. Not happening. Not happening.


Hey, our next guest, an iconic figure in the Houston area. A legendary player for the Houston Texans. Woo. A hall of famer on who lives in Houston. Now don't get it confused by way of Miami the goat Andre, the better of the Johnsons Actual first player in the Houston Texans to go into the pro football hall of Fame.


What did that, when you got the call and it says they knock on the door. Andre Johnson, welcome to football. He heaven, you've been selected to the pro football hall of Fame. I mean Shannon, you, you've had that knock. You know? So I don't think words can really describe it if you like, I had to take a moment to literally go sit on my couch, you know, and I had my hands in my head and I just, you know, to be, it's been over 30,000 guys that play this game. It's only 378 people in the Hall of Fame.


That's one. That's not even 1% That was correct to be mentioned with that man. That's, that's special. It's special. Listen, obviously being from Miami, growing up together, growing up, did you ever think that the story that we are control of being able to write would've gotten to where it's gotten now? Hell nah. I'm not even gonna lie, Chad. Like, you know how we grew up like in the neighborhood?


We just wanted to be able to provide a better life for our family. Yes sir. That was always our goal. Like we just want to make it out and to have to get to the level of being a hall of Famer. Like I never would've imagined that in a million years, bro. You know? So I ain't gonna lie, man. Just having you here and enjoying this with you, man. Yeah, yeah. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. A lot of people, a lot of people really don't know, man. How far we go back, bro. Yeah. Oh, way, way back. Way back. Matter Of fact. Yeah. So the The funny thing about it, for those of you that, that don't know, Dre and I used to train in off season, you know, during our day when we were playing me Tana Mann.


Yeah. Tony Brown. Crazy ass. Who, Who else we had out there? Man. Man, it was a lot of, It was a lot of us. So, you know, we, the, it it was a certain connection that we all kept. Like we was family, you know, obviously we all played on different teams, but everybody from that area, we all, we all got, got back together. And, we always man shit. Worked our ass off in off season, man. And it, it is awesome. You know, it's someone that has always looked up to you, even from afar during the times. We're also close men. I'm proud of you. Appreciate it. I'm really, I'm really proud of you. Appreciate. But I'm pretty sure they showed on your highlight clip, that fight.


Oh, I Forgot about that. I knew that was coming, but go ahead. I, I had only met, I had only met you once I came here early in your career and way as a matter of fact, I think, I think Kku was the coach. He was the coach and you were very quiet and you're still quite quiet. And I remember that happening and I'm like, what did this man say to get him? He don't even talk, let alone Fight. What, what did he say to get you sold? Like, you like a f it I'm in Liberty City right now. I'm swinging, bro. Nah, it, it have been going on for about three years. Damn. You know that it build up that long.


Yeah, yeah. It, it, it had been going on for about three years, man. I I never shared this story. Nobody. But, 'cause we all Nightcap. I will give it to, there you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That what I'm talking about. Yeah. There you go. So Chad, you remember club play? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So old Chris style? Yeah. Yeah. So, man, this is no lie, like it driving up to the club is my little brother and Rudy, my brother's sitting in the pa passenger seat, Rudy's in the back seat. And bro, I'm pulling up in valet and they jump out the car while the car's moving, right?


And I'm like, what the hell y'all doing? They was like, there you go. So I'm like, what are y'all talking about? It's Courtland, he's standing at the front door of the club. Right? I didn't even see him. They wanted to get on him right then. And I'm like, nah, like we not doing that. You know what I'm saying? So that happened like a, a year prior. So I don't know, man. Like we was up 20 to nothing. And I told Co I was like, Hey man, I'm finna beat his ass. Normally coaches call plays for the player, the player.


Call the play coach. I'm gonna beat his ass on one ready break. So that was just, that was just it, man. Like I just had enough of, you know, the, the stuff he was doing. So, so it was mainly chief shots, not so much talking. It was the chief thirties? No, no, the talking, you could talk all day. I don't give a damn about talking. Right. But it was the cheap things he would do after plays. Okay. Yeah. Y'all cool now? Y'all cool? Now y'all? I don't know. I ain't never seen. I seen him one time since that whole situation, so I don't, I don't, but after that he ain't chief shot you no more, huh? Nah, he ain't gonna do that.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's. Biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which, which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the stores. Stores, whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan, can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more. No, and I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars, join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha. Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than site. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that, right? The fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast has something for you and you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Coaching, coaching. First off, you know, I've, I've been out here, I've been lobbying for a job and I'm available. So like, listen, I'm in shape. If you need a set of extra legs, We need you. We can get a workout on Tuesday. You ready? Swear to God sir. Don't do me like that because I'm trying to get outta the house. Hey, we got somebody. We got somebody to get you the ball. There we go. That you do. Go ahead. I got a job. Y'all Coaching your wildest imagination. When you got drafted to this team at the first round draft, pick and win rookie of the year, you have a stellar career. Did you ever imagine that you'd ever come back and be the head coach? Never.


Never in my lifetime would I have imagined being the head coach of the Houston Texans, the team that drafted me. But it's that, it was that surreal moment, right? It's, I had other options, other teams that were vying, but it was like, man, to go back to Houston Where it all started, Where it all started, like struggling a little bit. Like it meant more to come back home to Houston. Yeah, I don't coach, obviously you've been around the game of football for a very long time. For those that are on the outside looking in, I don't think they understand how special a season that was for you to have. Obviously you understand the difficulty when you draft a rookie quarterback in understanding you have a program that is trying to build itself back to winning consistently and to be able to have a successful season.


Obviously not winning a championship, but still having a successful season knowing that you can build off of that. Do you understand how great your season was last year? Yeah, I, I do understand it all. Like it all starts with the, like you said, the rookie quarterback. Everybody now they expect rookies to come in and just ball out from the start. That doesn't happen, right? Like especially at the quarterback position, you gotta have a special special person to do that. And you know, we were fortunate enough to get CJ at number two and this kid is special. Yes, definitely, definitely. You know, he's fun to work with, but, and he didn't start off that way. Like we didn't, we started off with a rough season. Like we had to go through some growing pains and he learned a lot, our team learned a lot of how we had to play to win games and that grow, that growth process throughout the season.


That made it even more special to know we didn't just come out, just beating people. And I told our guys too, you know, we talk about how special of a season it was. You look up, we had, I think it was 10 games that were in the last minute of the game. We were right in the game and I think we won seven of those 10 in the last minute of the game. So that just shows the margin for error in this league. It's still tight, even though people, it's a great season, but man, I tell I got, you got to, you have to work hard. You gotta grind those wins and you gotta be smart in those situational moments to close games out. Coach. But you understand you are a rookie head coach. You had a rookie quarterback.


The expectations this year, given what happened last year, are a lot different than they were last year going in. You mentioned CJ came in and played unbelievable Tank, Dale, Nico Collins, you signed us. I mean, you traded for Stefan Diggs, your defense, Stingley Jr. Will Anderson Jr. What are your expectations from this team? Number One, I hear you. No, we, I still tell our guys our expectations is just to get better every day. Like I tell, like we can't get, everybody know when we suit up, like you guys have, like everybody wants to go win it all. Right? That's always the goal. That's why we do what we do, right? We're trying to go get that Lombardi, but we don't get there overnight.


So enjoy the process of just getting better every day. And when we look up in February and we're there playing for that Lombardi, that's what's gonna make him really special. Right. There's something I always wanted to ask you there. There was an issue obviously with with Brian, with Brian Flores and tour and the way he, he talked to him, obviously rubbed two the wrong way. And I just wanna know, how do you navigate being able to coach certain players certain ways and, and how do you approach it? Because you can, some coach, some players, you can coach hard, right? You know, you understand those that are built like that, that you can coach 'em a little harder. Some of 'em, you gotta pat 'em on the back and guide 'em. How have you been able to do that with your, with your players? Yeah, with, man, that's a great question.


Right? I was just talking to one of my coaches about that earlier today, man, you have to have a relationship with guys. Like, if you don't have a relationship with guys and you don't know how that guy's gonna respond. Yeah. Right. Some guys, I could, I could coach hard. Some guys I know like, ah man, I can get it out of him, but I don't need to go as hard with him. I just gotta tell him, Hey man, you're doing a great job. Hey, keep it going young fellow. You, you, we gonna get there. But if you don't establish that relationship outside of football, like, you just gotta sit down, you gotta eat with guys, you gotta meet with guys. Just talk to them. One-on-one, like what's going on outside of football so you can really get to know that young man and what's going on in his life.


Like, that's how you are able to relate to guys and coach. Like now, once you get that relationship, I can coach 'em up hard. Right? Right, right. But everybody, you can't coach hard. Everybody doesn't need hard coaching. But as a coach, it is our job. Right. And that's one thing I learned about coaching. I thought, man, when I finished playing, I thought I was gonna hop in like, Hey Kyle, I can come coach a linebackers right now. Right? But I, that's what I learned when I was in San Fran. I truly learned like, man, you got, every guy is different. How do you teach every guy, right? Every guy learns different. Every guy, you gotta explain things differently and they pick it up different. So for me, that's where I learned like, man, you have to be adaptable as a coach, right?


Right. But you gotta know these guys outside of football, You know, go ahead, give it up to me. A lot of times sometimes coaches try to hide hard coaching behind disrespect. It's like, if I'm working for you, I want you to coach me how, and I want you to say what I'm doing wrong, but there's a very, very fine line between hard coaching and disrespect. Now you have guys have to understand that's a grown man you're talking to. This ain't college. He's not trying to get to the NFL. He's already here. He's not in high school trying to get to college. So those guys you can coach, you can coach. I mean, when we grew up, coaches curse us out.


Oh yeah. All kind of things. You do that now. You gonna turn a guy off, or a guy might wanna fight you, He might wanna fight you, or he might just leave. You know, guys, it's just, it's a different, different era. And I've never like try to cross the lines of cursing guys out. I feel like if I have to curse you out, like I got the wrong guy. Correct. First off. Right? Yes. I, I know. We don't have time for that. Like, we are men, we're working together and I tell our guys my first meetings like, this is what you can expect from our coaches. Our coaches are gonna be respectful. They're gonna tell you the truth and they're gonna coach everybody in this room. Right. Because they care. Your success is their success. Correct. So We have to find that common ground to work together for us all to be successful.


You played for Coach Saban. I don't your high school coach, you played for Cobe. What are some of the things, what's your, what's Dko Ryan's coaching style? Did you take a little bit from Coach Saban? Because as, as hard as he is, he does a great job of patting the players on the back even when they make mistakes. Yeah. With my coaching style, man, I, I took a lot from a lot of different coaches that I was, I was around. I think, you know, it, it all starts from, I, I spent the most time around Robert Solo. Okay. Right. And in that coaching profession, like, I just learned from him like, man, you, you gotta bring great energy every day. Right? And you gotta be able to relate to all these guys in, in the same room.


How can you relate to him? Like storytelling, like whatever, keeping it light with, with jokes like it is, it's a fine line. Just coaching all the guy, even Wade, Wade Phillips, Wade Phillips, Wade Phillips man, he was, it was your head coach. He would come into the meeting room, Wade would just tell a joke. Everybody in the room and he talk to you. He always told a story about you. Like, Hey man, like we had a guy on scout team. I told him, don't worry about covering him. He's better than the guys that are, that are playing. So it, it was always way found a way in a playful way to get guys attention, draw guys in. So I think you draw, man, you get their attentive, you relate to the guys.


Right. Also with Saban. I know he's hard on guys, but the only way you can be hard on them is you gotta love him too. Right. Right. You gotta guys Love him just as hard as you Coach, man. You have to. And guys gotta know, for me, I had a, a strength and conditioning coach. He called me as soon as I got up into coaching. He was like, DKO Players do not care how much you know until you, they know how much you care about them. Right. And so that was the one thing that's always stuck to me. Like, I tell our guy, man, I care about you as a, as a man, first and foremost is football, we gonna, we gonna get to the football. I'm gonna correct you. I'm gonna coach you up. But man I care about you as a man being successful after football is over.


Like, I want you to be a great husband, great father, great leader in the community. 'cause that's what's gonna last. Your, your approach to the game of football. Obviously when you played, I'm not sure if you had any superstitions or not. As for myself, there was a certain routine that I stuck to. And to me, I felt this routine that I stuck to during my plan days would probably gimme the success that I wanted despite putting the work throughout the week. Now that you are a coach and you played, obviously, do coaches have routines and superstitions once you get to that point as a leader of men? Or you just allow the work that you put in during the week to take care of itself?


Yeah, I think you fall into those kind superstitions. You, you kind of fall into 'em because it's like, oh man, we, we smoked them this week. Like, Hey, we got whatever I did, whatever I ate last week, whatever, whatever I listened to on the way to this day, like run it all back. Right, right. But I don't believe in that. That's the, that's the reason why. Right. I think you just get into a habit, but I don't believe in the superstitions and you know, but sometimes you get off it's routine. Right. It is routine. There's a routine a lot of coaches fall into, whether it's working out before the game, running stadiums or running, hitting the treadmill. Right. Certain things for me, my deal is I'm watching film up until the last minute before I have to go out.


Like I'm trying to find another advantage. Like I'm looking at third down again. I'm looking at two minute for as long as I can it come knock. Hey coach, we gotta go. It's like I'm trying to get that edge up until the last minute We talk The Rooney Rule. There's a lot about that. And you had great success. Were you ever concerned because you see so many black coaches, like go 10, 15 years before they even get an opportunity to go interview for a head coach. You didn't have to wait that long. You had about a two year, maybe two year, once you got became the DC at San Francisco, your name a missed immediately went into that pool. So you didn't have to wait long. How do you tell your brothern for the black fellow black coaches, like just to be patient when some of them have been patient for 10, 15 years?


Yeah, no, that's, you know, I think for, for me being in the position I am, man, I'm standing on the shoulders of guys who paved the way before me. Right. A lot of, a lot of coaches who grinded and they didn't get that opportunity. I know one coach in particular, you know, coach Bobby Turner. Yep. You know, coach Turner, that was my role model that was there in San Fran. That's the guy I looked up to, the og like he's been coaching for over 30 years. Yep. And he never got the opportunity and more. I know he deserved the opportunity. So I always tell Coach Turner, man, I love you. I thank you for you providing me this opportunity to become a head coach.


And when I became a head coach, I'm like, man, I gotta do this for you. Right. Coach TI gotta be successful for you. And it's the same thing I tell all other guys, like, man, I'm representing a lot of, lot of guys. Oh yeah. Right. Who are still trying to get that opportunity. A lot of guys who are coming after me to get the opportunity and I just, I wanna represent the right way. Yeah. Right. That's a, a good thing about it. The fact that we get so few opportunities to be a leader of black men, be in a position of power. Does it add any more pressure to you as a head coach? Or do you just don't even think about it and just do what you need to do? It? It doesn't add pressure to me because I know at the end of the day, it's about doing the job the right way. Yes sir. Right. It's surrounding myself with the right people, right.


Coaching staff, the right players. Like it's not just about me, it's about my entire support staff. Everybody in that building helping me to be successful. Right. I can't do it by myself. So it doesn't add any pressure to me. It's just, I know, I know the task at hand and it's just about us going out dominating the process every day. Being as as good as we can be every single day getting a little bit better and we're gonna, the wins, the results, all that stuff will show up when we work the right way. I think the question that everybody wants to know. You Ocho still beeping. God Damn right. We Beeping. He's in time out. I don't know why he act like I'm in the doghouse, but he's in the dog house.


Nah, We, we beefing you. You know what, it's, it's something that's really funny. You know how you, you look at Instagrams, you look at Twitter, you look at just pictures in general when it comes to couples. You ever notice how they always show you the good? Everybody's always smiling, everybody's always fucking happy. They don't never tell you about the motherfucking ups and the motherfucking downs. Why you gotta curse so much? Huh? Why you gotta curse So much? Because I'm mad. My daddy is in The audience. So I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying to share my experience to let you know that it ain't always fucking happy. It ain't always fucking smiling. She make me fucking mad. And I love her. Right. I love her. That's, that's my, that's my dog.


But she in a doghouse. Well if you love her, give her a kiss. Uhuh. I don't know. I I'm in the doghouse. I I I can't kiss him. I got chapstick on And he been smoking cigars. He been smoking cigars. You don't like cigars. So It is funny, when we met, when we met, yes. I was smoking cigars. It wasn't no problem And it wasn't no problem, But you brush your teeth and you had a MIT in the back of your mouth. Now you got complacent. Right. And you think you supposed to just kiss on me without doing all that? No. So That's not love. That is love. That's not love you. If I gotta, if I gotta do all this extra stuff, You was doing the extra shit.


But when we first met, but I got you now. So what's the point? Point? That's why you So crazy. Thing is Chad has always been my celebrity crush. Okay. Like girl, no, he's always been my celebrity crush. Like if I would describe the perfect man, it was him. Chocolate, pretty smile. Right, right. No, Go, go into detail. Tell me Simone. No I'm not. So you sent us a, a hard eyes.


How long did it take him to respond? Was it immediately? Was it a day? Was it two days? Less Than five seconds. Damn Ojo. I just happened to have my phone in my hand. Yeah. Okay. Okay. My Phone, my phone was in my hand. Okay. But It wasn't five seconds. About 30 seconds. It was five seconds because I had to scroll through the pictures first and make sure she was what she was. And I saw the feet. You saw the feet. I Saw the feet. And that's the only reason we together is 'cause I seen the feet. You know, I'm a I'm a foot guy. Yeah, I know. I Really can't help myself. You a lot of guy. Yeah. Anything to end the old that too elbow? Yeah, yeah, yeah. All that. Yeah. So I, I seen a fe got answered so fast on boom.


And I it how long I Maybe two days question. So How long did it take y'all? Okay. You said the hard eyes. He responds. Oh damn. Near immediately. So how long before you guys actually met face to face? It Was about four weeks. Three and a half closer. Hold, hold the mic closer. It was about three and a half weeks. Okay. She lying. No, I'm not. I'm serious. For real. Yeah. Three and a half weeks That I don't, I ain't, I don't remember the story like that. I got the time for, I got the timestamps. It was three and a half weeks. Three and a half weeks. Yeah. I was trying to come sooner, but the timeframe wouldn't. So three and a half weeks we went to Green Bay. You you went to him or he came to you? I went to him. Okay.


Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yes she did. We went To Green Bay. We talked and I was actually surprised because the guy who I thought I knew was a different person. Yeah. Like he, he spoke a lot. Very intellectual. I thought I was dealing with a, you know, a hood. Yeah. Yeah. I could, I could be hood. I had a switch. No, He, he switched it up on me. Right. And And, we connected just like That. Yeah. I tried to be, I tried to be a gentleman. Right. You know, the first time Yeah. Coming in town. You did. Right. You Know, open the doors, you know, Hey, when you wanna Go door, daddy is here. So hush. Oh No. Papa, Papa could, no Papa got daddy cover your ears.


So, You know, she came to Green Bay. I was working, doing my stuff with ea the game, it was the, the Packers and whatever, whoever I think the bears. Okay. I was like, well I get your room. And she's like, no, no, I'll stay with you. I was like, okay, well No, you was like, I'll sleep in the living room. I said I'll sleep in the living room just so you comfortable. Like I ain't fly here for nothing. I mean, That what I was talking about. Real. Y'all see, man, Listen, we both grown adults And that's, I mean, we grown, right? Yes. Yeah. And, and from, from that day on, we, we ain't separate. So we we coming up on five years. Coming up on five years. Yeah. And the wedding is, is planned for February 25, right? 2, 2, 2 25. Yes.


2, 2, 2 25. So All the tools equal eight in the year. 5 85. Oh Oh Lord. Hell Yeah. Yeah. Our next guest coming to the stage is Dallas. Born and bred and raised. Let's give it up yellow. Be doing what you did. 'cause for me, like all I wanna do was make money to get my grandmother, get my family outta that environment. I mean, I really didn't think about like 70, 80,000 fans cheering for me. That wasn't what I really wanted. I wanted, I wanted the fortune, the Fame. I could, I could have done without. But obviously that's a part of it. If it everything that you imagine that when you like in your bed and you thinking like, man, I'm, I'm going on this journey and one day I'm gonna be 60, 70,000 in a, in a, in a stadium.


Not arena. At a stadium. Is it everything you thought it would be? Yeah. Like, it's like a bittersweet feeling. 'cause like you pray for a lot of stuff and then when you actually living your dreams, bro, like, you gotta understand like, it's a lot of people out here praying to be in your position. You know what I'm saying? It's a lot of people been chasing dreams 30, 40 years and ain't seen no success with it. So I'm one of them that can actually say that I made it. So every chance that I get, bro, I'm gonna pray about it. I'm gonna thank God and be grateful for everything because like it's a lot of people that want to be in my position. Yeah, that's that's a good one. What are some of the things that came along with this, this Fame that you came with that you didn't expect?


Yeah, for sure. A lot of hate. A lot of it is one of those situations like, damn, if you do, damn, if you don't. Right. And it is like one of those situations where you, you gotta just really just, you gotta be built for it. 'cause a lot of people, if you not built for this like success, success will turn you down too. That that's, that's side it down tell you like it's a lot of critic. Like they gonna critique everything you going you do. They going to think whatever they think about you. You know what I'm saying? If you want to change that narrative, you can, but at the same time, you gotta have tough skin. 'cause people going hate, they going to be jealous. They going to envy you. They gonna just say anything that And, if you let it get to you, like it'll turn motherfucker down. Like, you know what I'm saying? But I ain't never been a type that let it turn me down. But it, I I didn't know it was gonna be like so much bullshit like to come along with the, you know what I'm saying?


Yes. Yes. The funny thing with the bullshit, it only happens because of success. So now that you have the success, what has continued to inspire and motivate you to continue to want to climb that mountain and ladder in your, in your craft? I just wanna shit on motherfuckers who don't think it's still in me or like everybody that hate. I like I I'm glad y'all hating on me. I'm glad that you feel like it's something sweet. 'cause I, I love proving motherfuckers wrong. Like it's, I'm here for a reason, you know what I'm saying? Like, God ain't bringing me this far just to turn this back on me. So I damn sure ain't finna let no motherfucker tell me like otherwise, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I like it. Listen, you, you, you've collaborated with some dope ass major artists.


Is there one person you haven't had a chance to collab with that you want to? Besides me? I gotta give one with the light skinned nigga, man. Drake. I got you bro. It is just, we gotta, we, you know, dark skinned y'all, you know y'all, I'm dark at heart, but you know y'all, y'all, y'all y'all been picking on us since we was, you know, since, since the beginning of time. So I gotta, I gotta do I in the eighties though, in the eighties? Y'all ran the Eighties? Yeah, I probably, yeah, I ain't gonna lie, I definitely would've been shitting on y'all in, I ain't gonna lie to you. I would've had a different type of attitude. Michael Jackson, prince El Nigga. Yeah, I would've, y'all had 'em All. I would've had a perm and everything. Bush. Hey, we best probably got Michael Jordan, we snipe.


They was over for y'all. Yeah, we Talking the Charges. They, man, come on man. What the yelling niggas at? But nah, gotta be Drake. I wanna do one with Nicki. Okay. I wanna do some Afro beach too. Like with, with Burno boy, I want to get one that's Rihanna too. I ain't gonna lie. And Vibe Cortel just came home free him. I mean, shout out to him. I wanna do one with vibes. I wanna do something with just everybody, bro. I ain't gonna lie to you. I've always, you know what, now he think about the names he just named. Right? Right. Like some of the biggest in the world, man. What's the process like? Do You to get The phone and be like, Hey, I got something, I wanna send it to you, I wanna work with you.


How does that work? I really think that go off like relationships. Okay. Like you just gotta be at the right place at the right time. Right time. I tell people all the time, relationships worth more than money. Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? Like certain shit you just can't buy. Like people just gotta wanna fuck with you genuinely. Yeah. And that's why I get like a lot of my features like it, people be thinking like, hey, I, I know he paid for this, he paid for that, bro. I don't be paying for nothing. Like niggas literally be looking out for me just off the street just 'cause of who I am and how, what type of gene or soul I have. You know what I'm saying? Which is a blessing, you know what I'm saying? I don't be thinking like, I'm gonna get it for free, just nigga, nah, I fuck with you. It'd be really be fucking me up though. You know what I'm saying? But relationship, just being solid, having a good face card to take a motherfucker far in life. Our next guest coming out, Eric Kendricks, tell us about the transition to becoming a cowboy.


Crazy. What's it been like? It's different. You know, football is crazy out here, you know, I hear about Texas football, I'm coming California, right. There's good football out there, but you know, football is, is different in Texas for sure. It's a little Bit, a little bit more, you know, You know, more on a pet stone, A little bit more pressure. Yeah. Yeah, For sure. Play for the Vikings, the C Seahawks, if I'm not mistaken. No, My brother played with Seahawks. Okay, that's your brother. But I played with the Charger. Charger. Yeah, You reunited with them, right. So what's what, so how has being reunited with a former coach, because obviously you know this defense and so you've been able to partake some of the wisdom, the keys of where guys need to be, what Zim is looking for in a particular defense.


So tell us about somewhat being a coach on the field. Yeah. You know, I feel like at, at first, you know, we're all trying to learn the basics, you know, I mean obviously I have a little bit of a head start, but everybody's learning the basics. You know, we're trying to get the concepts down, they kind of carry over to different coverages, you know, we can run split coverages, things like that. But, you know, I feel like with Zims defense is always about like, you know, the player's taking a little bit of ownership too, you know what I mean? We have to be at, we're we're the ones that are quarterbacking it out there. So, you know, at some point, you know, we gotta be the one making the calls and checks and be confident and when we're doing so, and I feel like now that's, you know, we, we obviously we're in camp for a month and stuff like that, but now we're transitioning, we're about to play this first game and I feel like now we're starting to transition into having that confidence where everybody's kind of like, oh, okay, we're running this now, let's run this now.


You know? So it's been a lot of fun and you know, obviously we have a different pieces than I had in Minnesota, but, you know, the, the, the, the heart of the, the heart of the, the scheme is the same. You know, Listen, Zim was the defensive coordinator of Cincinnati when I was there, so Zi is really cool. He cursed a goddamn lot. He cursed a lot. But what is your expectations, your personal goals for you throughout this season or this upcoming season? Your own personal goals? My personal goals is to be, you know, the, the just the, the voice that everyone can count on. You know, the just the, you know, the constant communicator, you know, be be overdoing my communication to the fact that we're all on the same page. Yeah. You know, I wanna definitely be the anchor right there, but shoot, you know, I just want to just, just keep stacking these years I feel like, you know, a hundred plus, you know, three and something, you know, I don't want to, you know, get too specific.


I write 'em down and everything like that. Right. But, you know, I wanna win a Super Bowl, man. I, you know, that's why you played my, my, you know, it's, it's cliche, but you know, my brother won one, right. You know, I got kind of close, but, you know, not really, you know, so I wanna, I wanna get it. I wanna get it going.


The Volume Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, you Wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the Edge with me. Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space. Every week we bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only now it's from the dynasty perspective. Join me in the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances, asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend Thomas Red Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin and More Stream. Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.