
Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal, wind chime post on Instagram, I saw, it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox cent viva's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


Hey, it's Angela Yee. Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish. Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant news and pops of color from couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.


Hey, what's up? I'm Jared Goff, quarterback for the Detroit Lions Abercrombie's NFL Partnership. Kicked off last year, And. if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean. It's really in right now, and the athletic fit has extra room in the thigh. I need make sure to hit up Abercrombie Essentials collection for tees and their bestselling essential pop over hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


The Volume


NFL Week one is here and the new season mean new ways to get in on the action that DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns drafting hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports Book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet. $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


On the same week. Miami locked up head coach Mike McDaniel for the long haul. The Dolphins are doing the same for their cornerstone corner of their defense. Yeah, Jalen Ramsey and the Dolphins have agreed to a terms of a three year deal worth $72.3 million 72, which is a hundred a thousand dollars more than what Patrick Satan, who had just recently became the highest paid corner. Jalen Ramsey New Deal, 24.1 million a year. Excuse me. Makes him the highest paid corner in the NFL again passing. Patrick Satan, who was the highest paid at 24 million for all of 24 hours. I mean, it's only right. It's only right. Jalen Ramsey to me one of the better corners in the league.


That doesn't get the credit he deserves. Especially a man to man end zone. A student of the game. Very smart. One of the best ever play. So why not do right by him? He gonna be a cornerstone in that defense. Xavier Xavier Howard is gone. He's a captain. Wait, who is a captain too? Yeah, Captain Two ain't. Yeah. Yeah. Come on now. But Dealing with what? Like you said, Howard is gone. Chu is coming off an injury. Philip is coming off an injury, I think. Yeah. One of the linebackers. I think Howard, I think he's gone. So they got some, some, some things going on. They really need Ram and they really Yeah, but he might not play Woo Jalen Ramsey.


Ain't nothing wrong with him. Ain't nothing wrong with Jay. Nah, They said he might, he was a game. Might be a Gametime decision. Oh No, he good. Trust me. He good. He good. He good. My dog, my dog gonna play. Who the dolphins got? Who The Dolphins got Sunday. Oh. Who the Dolphins play Ash? The Jack Jackson bill. Oh sh Hey boy Jackson a man. Hold on there. Jacksonville got Brian Thomas Jr. Boy. Yeah. And they got Gabe Davis and they got Christian Kirk, Chris C. Yeah.


Yeah. And they got the tight end that they got that they signed a couple years. Ingram. Ingram. Ingram And Ingram. Hey man. Nah, Jalen got the play now. He got the play and Jalen Rams on the injury report. No, my dog gonna hurt. Ain't hurt. He good. He good. He got the play. Hey, that goddamn Brian's to Bryan to jr. Hey man, He's on the injury report, don't you, with a hamstring. Mike McDaniel said the other day he was uncertain if he's going to play on Sunday. God damnit. For Real. He didn't practice Wednesday or Thursday.


I don't like that. I'm just telling you Bill, I only, I don't listen. I don't even like the way that sound. Jalen Jalen soft tissue injury T Higgins soft tissue injury. And listen, there's only one common denominator. It comes down to one thing. What? Nutrition. Because I know they, I know they eating healthy and that's a problem. Jalen. I know you gonna see this. Hey, t Higgins, I know you're gonna see this. Y'all need to holler at me, man. Y'all need to holler at me. I don't care about none of them nutritionists and all them specialists that they got in at these facilities that tell you all this stuff you don't need to be hearing. We need to build a callus in the body. You need to come see me.


Ocho versus science. Don't listen to ocho. Hey, listen to me. Don't Listen to Ocho. Never Been hurt. Never been hurt. The proof is in the pudding. Never been hurt. I played reckless, Man, you been, lemme move. What I played reckless. J Daniel says he wrote down c J Stroud sta from his rookie season on his phone to challenge himself for rookie campaign. CJ Strouds, 64% completion, 4,108 yards, eight yards per attempt, 23 touchdowns, five interceptions. Do you think Jayden Daniels can pull it off and top CJ Strouds rookie stacks?


Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. You know why he can do it? I'm a whisper. You know why he can do it. Why you can do it. He got Terry McLaurin. You wanna know us? Naomi Brown? Who? Naomi Brown. Okay. You Know what? I don't even know who the third, third receiver is. No, I don't either. I don't know who the third receiver is. Look, I, I think what I mean, cj I can do it. I mean, Hank Dale, Nico Collins, the tight end. Dalton Sholtz played extremely well. Brown Noah Brown played really well.


Oh yeah. It looked like it came outta place. Huh? Wait, who hurt Jordan? Love Jordan Love. Ooh, yeah. Like a, Ooh, I don't even wanna speculate. I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let that It's bad. Yeah, it didn't look good. I think it, I think it, I think it's just a, a great one. Ankle sprain. Okay. Okay. I mean, high ankle sprain. That, that, that looked like something that his knee gave. But I'm gonna let them, like, I don't wanna you put that out there. Peyton Manning is rooting for a rookie quarterback to break his undesirable record. He told Pat Mack P Mac, he said he would like to see somebody pass his mark for the most interception thrown by a rookie.


Peyton said, you know, rookie quarterbacks is always a little struggle with me. I wanted to get the interception record that I have the broken. I don't want bro Nicks to break it, but you know, if a quarterback in Washington or Chicago breaks it, I'm still pulling for him. I'm a quarterback fan, but I gotta get that off my resume. It it ain't happening. It ain't happening. But, But Wait, what, what was the record? Was it 13? 13 to 18 What? Through 28. 28 in one season. Yeah. Ain't no way in hell Payton was that bad as rookie year now. Yeah, they were.


He, he were, they were. But you gotta realize that man came calling his own plays from the jump. How many quar, how many rookie quarterbacks would you trust to call their own plays right now? Okay. Every rookie quarterback, let's just say Jay Daniels, right? Caleb Williams, right. Bo Nicks McCarthy's hurt. So whomever Pennix Jr. You gonna trust them to call their own plays Ocho? Hmm. Hell no. Damn. Absolutely not. I ain't know Peyton had free reign like that at his rookie. What? I ain't know that. Man. Man, look here, man.


Peyton had, Peyton has always, he's always been Peyton, Right? He's always been Peyton, he's always wanted all that on his plate. He ran Right, Right, right. Walkthroughs, he ran walkthroughs, you know, he ran walkthroughs. I want this, this is what I want. Hey, he gotta play and this is what I want. This is how I want it to go. This is the tempo. Right? He's doing all that. Yes. Right? Yes. Yes. That's dope. That's dope. Yes. That's, Payton said the record after being drafted first overall in 1998, the coach finished 13 and three. He threw 26 touchdowns, 28 interceptions. Hmm.


Damn. Coach Prime says Travis Hunter will play offense and defense in the NFL. Let's take a listen to what time had to say. Hmm. That's it. That's, that's what I said the other night. I remember. Yeah. I said, I said, listen, I said the money is at the receiver position. So if he gets drafted, which I, which I'm thinking probably will be somewhere within the top five or top three, is you, you're drafting 'em as a receiver. Travis Hunter, if you see this, you're being drafted as a receiver because that's where the money is. But what teams are gonna do, wherever you do go or happen to go, I'm sure they will have a small package for you on the opposite side of the ball.


And I said coming in as a nickel on third downs. Yes. That would, that that's the, that's what I just said. Two weeks or however long ago it was. Yeah, I agree. And I think that, I think that would be great. Yeah. I Don't but doing it, But doing it every play, but doing it every play at the highest level. It ain't happening now. That ain't happening. That ain't happening Now. That ain't happening. That's not happening. And you gotta see the number one receiver. Oh no. And then you gotta come back and See number one db Shit. Boy, Nope. Uhuh, there's, there's a reason why it hasn't happened. There've been a lot of talented guys. Yeah. But to ask, that's a huge ask to say that, to do it every time.


And I agree with time. If you're gonna have packages, if he plays defense, you have a couple of packages that come in, you throw him a, a fade or you throw a route that you want to get him involved in. But to ask him and say, okay, you gonna play 65 plays the offense, six, five plays in defense, 130 plays. That's not happening. I not, not that hadn't happened in a very long time. And the guys weren't, as, talent weren't as good as they are now, now. So Yeah. Back in the thirties and forties and fifties. Yeah. Ocho we played both ways in high school. Yeah. Yeah. We played the child game. I played, I played, Hey, listen, I played both ways in the Pro Bowl. But, but, but as that level raises, Boy you exerting a lot of energy, huh?


And we started, we started impacting some last year. Who did play Stanford? Remember Stanford? That dude had 300 yards because he playing offense defense, that guy in Stanford, he ain't a top 20 receiver. He ain't a top 30 receiver in NFL. Right. So I I'm, I'm I'm packages Yeah. Not every single down packages. So whatever he I'm is whatever he, whatever position that he, he's drafted a play be it corner. You have a package of plays. No, I, I'm just saying don't Joe, whatever they draft him as. Okay. Okay. Right, Right. You have a package for him on the other side of the ball, but it's not a situation where he plays extensively on the other side of the ball.


Hey, you know what, Travis Hunter could also Be what? He could be A first player in the NFL. Right? You see how wide receivers are getting paid? 35 a year. 35 or 30. Matter of fact, Travis Hunger would be the first one that gets paid double because he offers more than just one position. Well, I think the thing is we see that a lot. Hey, I I like that. Nah. So he could make, he could make, he could make 30. Well, by the time he get to the league, he'll probably be, and he's up, he could make 40 million a year with an extra added bonus for playing on the, on the defensive side of the ball or extra 15, 15 million.


We saw like a lot of times, like Suggs, they tried Rell Suggs. Yeah. And he was like, nah, I play d-line because I'm going where the, because like the same thing with Michael Parson. Michael says, I, I wanna be a d lineman because the D lineman make more money, you know? Yes. I'm, I'm actually, I'm Joey Boon. I'm Yeah, Nick Boon. Nick. Nick is, I made making $34 million a year. Woo. Shit. So he Probably, he one tj. What? Yeah. I think Watt makes like 25, 27 maybe. I think, you know, miles Garrett makes like 25. What you call him is the second highest paid.


CJ Chris Jones. He makes 31 and a half. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So them DLI will be making that bread. So Michael's gonna wanna be classified as a d lineman, probably age rusher not to stand up. I, I like it. Oh. So check this out. A woman co-sign Co-signed a $60,000 loan for her ex Pocho. Watch this. Hey, She, she, they forgave A loan. Yes. Oh, she got lucky. That wasn't no the devil. I be God is good. But the devil made you do that. That was the devil. Yeah. Yeah.


That, listen, that she, she's a remember, remember wait, next hill, right? Yes. Remember Whitney Houston. Mama told about old boy. He's a good man. Savannah. He's a good man. Savannah. That was a good woman. A good woman that's willing to do that for you for some loans. Come on man. Man, look here. You don't think so? I ain't it Enough. It's hard enough ain't co-signing for my kids. I'm just gonna pay it because you not finna mess up my 800 plus credit, which some bull. I'm definitely not doing it for a non-family member. Right. Hey, Can I tell something the also, look, my grand, can you something got dug after my grandfather died.


She had done co-sign. My grandfather was, had a farm and she had done co-sign on so much fertilizer and, and farm equipment. Man, do you know how long it took my grandmother to pay off? I mean, $5,000 paying $25 a month. Right. Can I tell you something? Do you, do you understand how fortunate that young fellow was? Yeah. To have a woman do something like him like that for him. Do you know how difficult it is to find a woman that's willing to extend themselves in that manner? In that manner, let alone the small things. But if you think about it today in, in, in today's era, in today's society, everything is on us.


Think about it now. Everything is on us. Everything we have to do, everything. You got a court you gotta buy, you gotta do this. And if they do buy you something, it's, it's probably, it's probably your money anyway. True. You know? So the fact that she was willing to do this out of maybe love or whatever it may have, may may have been at that time, Oh, it gotta be love. What else could it be? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. What the Hell, you know, $60,000 that don't love ojo. It, it's, The, the funniest thing about it is when you in love, you do things that you wouldn't do when you're not in love because you, you, you're thinking in your right mind. Nah, they say love is blinding. I ain't got no cataracts. I can see just fine. Right, right, right.


60,000 ocho. So You, you wouldn't do that. Be honest If you, if if you was in love with a, if you was in love with a woman right now, you would tell her, no, I ain't paying no $60,000 on her shit with nothing. You got Me. I just said you, you didn't listen to the scenario if you were in love. No ocho that's my, my wife is one thing. A girlfriend. Right? 60 grand. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Girlfriend. Girlfriend and wife. The rules are basically the same. The only thing that's different is the document in The ring. I, because you know what happening? Because when they broke up and she left the play, he beating somebody else back in.


Now guess what? I paid for those loan. I'm paying that loan off. If somebody got a, somebody got a bent over the balcony. Oh hey. Oh hell come on though Joe. Lemme tell you, lemme tell you. Listen. I, I had a, I had a, I had a, I had a wonderful, beautiful saying that I've been saying all my life, which you have to understand now. I, I, I think we are put on earth to experience people. We we're put on earth to experience people. And at times my grandfather told me long time ago, son, listen, you're gonna meet people and I want you to always remember she's not yours.


It's just your turn. Yeah. Is It, she's not yours. It's just a turn. So you really can't think like that. Now, now for, for me, for instance, you do things to extend that vacation. You do all the right things you can to extend that vacation and that stay as much as possible, you know, and you do all you can, can to keep an individual happy. So it maintains itself long term. Look, I I think the thing is ocho for a situation like yourself, me or yourself, 60 grand, that's a lot of money. But I'm not going, I ain't gonna lose a night of sleep. 60 grand for her is probably like, I ain't gonna say what it would be for me.


Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I see what you mean. Yes, Sir. You see what I'm saying? You 60 grand is different for different people. Right. For her, that is a stretch. Right. I'm not losing sleep over 60,000. Right. That's how you know it was love. Right. But the problem is, Ocho is that, like I said, look, have I have, I look, if I care about you, I want what's best for you. I don't want even most of the, most of the women that I've dated, and they'll tell you this, all of them, if they've ever asked me for something and I could do it, take off I reason now, whoa. Whoa. Within reason. Whoa. Within Reason. Okay. I was waiting, I was waiting on that part. Okay.


I was waiting on that Because here, look now, a lot of times I've been in situation and they've always did me a solid, they didn't say anything negative about me, didn't say anything bad. So they always good in my book. They could always, Hey Shannon, I need X. Okay, I got you Shannon. I need y because I'm never gonna say anything bad about you no matter what has transpired behind closed doors. Right. That's why I don't do anything publicly because I can break up pri privately. I can get with someone privately, but if I break, but if I date publicly, if I'm posting and I'm doing all this the moment right, then people start to try to fish and try to figure things out.


But any, any, any, any woman that I've dated, say in the last 30 years, if they've ever asked Yes sir for something monetarily and I could help 'em, I did. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I like, I like how you said within reason. Yeah. I like how you, you threw that, you know. Yeah. Within reason. Because sometimes, sometimes they'll continue to take and take and take and take and push the limits to see how far No, no. To see How far to see how far they can go. No, I, I mean, I had one did me one solid. I ain't gonna tell y'all what the solid is, but when it came down, she said, well, Shannon, I need a house. I want to, I, because I don't have a down payment. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Listen Man, come on now listen to me. You said that a little too casually. Listen, listen to me.


Ocho you said that too casually. She did me a solid, I be the real solid. Your boy was jammed up. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was in a bind. Okay. Okay. I said, I tell you what, in this situation, she could have came to me and got 60,000. Right. She could have came to me and got a hundred thousand. Right. Right. But she didn't do that. Right. You said, I just need the down payment. I said, well, how much is the down payment? She said, XI said, if I give you why, how much will your monthly payments be? Because I wanted to be as easy as it possibly can. So I tried to make it as easy as I possibly could.


So her monthly payments would be something that she could manage where she wouldn't have to come back because I was in no position. I would've had no choice. Consider what she did for me. Right. Okay. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I, I understand wholeheartedly understand where you coming from. Yeah. Based on, based on circumstance. I like that. I like that. But you are, you're Real. I look here, you real. If you, if you ever ain't of my coaches, my coach, my co my high school coach, I bought in my car. My, my, my, my, my remedial and Spanish teacher every game. She didn't want anything.


She said, Shannon, I just wanna come see you play. I'm just so proud of you. But women that have been in my life, that have been good and didn't try to harm because you know, everybody ain't good. But if they've been good Right. They know they can get it Right. And I don't want nothing to return. It ain't no Oh, you getting the good. No. Nah, nah. I ain't spun the block. I have. Yeah. What? Why you do? You, you, but You did. Hey, what for what she did for me? Like I said, don't you. Right, right. Oh yeah. I under I understand you ain't got, you ain't listen, you ain't even gotta go in depth.


I get, I get I from the passion and with, and your passion and your delivery. I already know. I, I'm, I'm with you And, and then bat an eye. Yeah. I'm with you. I be, I've been in that situation maybe once. Hey Yeah. Little did she know hell I bought the house. Yep. While you ing. Because I was in a position. I was in a position then, now. Right, right. Oh, she could have said, Sheldon, I need 300,000 for a house. I'm like, could I give you the money? And I just, I I just paid a note on it. Right, right, right, right, right. My financial people gonna be asking some questions. I go pull 300,000 outta this account. But what if I gave you, what if I gave you a hundred thousand and I just paid a note on it?


I give you the money to pay the note. But Hey, hey, the thing we do out your, Hey look. I said yeah, And. If you, if you look, I said me Chad. I'll keep it stack with you mother. Women that have ever dealt with me. I got one simple thing. Protect the brand. Yeah. You protect the brand. I got you. I got you. That. Don't talk about me. We do what we do. Did what we did. Leave it at that. That's why people don't know, man.


I didn't know. No, you weren't supposed to know. Mm. The less they know, the less people can talk. Now they can gossip and it's easy. Refute to lie. Mm Yeah. Protect the brand. Re protect the brand. Yeah. And I ain't sleeping on, I ain't sleeping on the motherfucking couch no more. Ain't this here man. Tried to put me on the goddamn couch. Shoot. She put you on the couch. He tried. So he tried. I just slept on the floor right there by the bed. Yeah. But hey, I mean, you, you like I said, my kids like even my kids now they know I 60 grand. What the hell you need 60 grand for Tripping.


Nah, you have to come work. You have to come work for me. You, I just can't give you 60 grand Yeah.


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go. Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right. And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk nng.co/ft ball, NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to Get back to it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meets today. Back the day.


Make it all right, Bubu.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal wind chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Hey Hojo. What up? What up, what up? What up? Now? It's time for q and a. Hey, hey. Hey man. Hey. Anybody in the chat in Chicago? Wanna pick me up from the airport tomorrow? Anybody In the chat in Chicago? Y'all wanna pick me up from the airport tomorrow? I wanna go get soul food. Dr. Frank, you got a lot of stickers up there, Dr. Dr. Dr. Frank got my five stickers up there. Black Paul fgg. Can I get a Nightcap hat? It looks so cool. Yeah, we got, yeah, we got on the, we got 'em on the same. It's pinned at the top of the chat, bro. You see that thing?


White, black fall Faded. We appreciate that man. Yeah, that, that cat real nice. Going to get one of them. Derek, the Derek Jr. Said, will you guys ever do a show in la? If so, I'm there. That might be on the, right now. We're still trying to work out where the obviously the next, the next Tour to stop. It's gonna be in New Orleans at the Super Bowl. Yeah. That that what, that's what we could definitively say. Yeah. It will be probably that Thursday before that game, that Sunday. So that's our next one. But late late spring, we're probably gonna do probably five to 10 cities.


Probably circle back and hit Atlanta and Houston. But yeah, you know, there's some other places that we want to go and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and show our fans the appreciation by going out and doing live shows in that area. So yeah, LA might, la might be one of the stops. Yeah. And matter of fact, let me tell you, let me give you the lay of the land for the chat. If you watching right now, let me tell you, if you gonna be in New Orleans, I'm gonna give you a, a, a layout of the land on how it's going to be for Nightcap in New Orleans for Super Bowl. First of all, it's gonna be smoke, right? Smoke gonna be coming out. And then the now's gonna be like, and coming to the stage is UNC and Ocho.


And then the fireworks, the pyro pyro. What you call 'em? Ro what? Pyrotechnics. Pyro? Yeah. Yeah, the pyrotechnics. They gonna be coming out the fire. They're gonna be coming out, coming out the thing. Right. And it's gonna be smoke everywhere. And all of a sudden you gonna hear the second line, then the second line gonna be gone. So the second line bang gonna come out. And then me and uncle be with the second line coming out. And then we on, we gonna be on stage. Ah, ah, doing the footwork. And the footwork gonna be moving. And then the whole crowd, I don't where we gonna be at. Where we gonna, we gonna, we gonna, where we gonna be at New Orleans? We, we have a, we have a, we, we, we, we try to lock down a venue now, Joe. Okay. Well whatever venue we're gonna be at And, we gonna be with a second line. Right. We gonna be on stage going, you know, you gotta your foot.


Oh, you gotta get your hips right now. So your footwork, so your footwork be on point with a second line. Okay. And, we gonna be going Right. And then Miss Frieda, I know Miss Freea is big out there in New Orleans. So Miss Freea gonna come out and she gonna be, oh, miss Frieda, I ain't she from, I, I, I, I don't know. I think she famous in New Orleans. I think. I don't know. I don't Know who the Hell's I, I I'm, I'm just calling names. I just, I just, I just hear some time. But that, that just, that just that just how it's gonna be though. Yeah. It's gonna be nice. That's my idea. Okay. We'll, yeah, we'll see how that goes. Second Line, Dr. Frankie Bella is saying, I'm loving you and Ocho and the Oli Park commercial.


I hope y'all have more coming. We do. We working, we putting a lot. You see how Ash got me up here tonight. I just knew I was gonna have Friday night off. I'm like, man, I just have Ash Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday night and Monday night. Damn. Hey, said Ocho. Only way you know is potato wear looking at like a Jamaican stepfather. Hey. Oh, fat. I'm telling you, I used to be in the wedge boy. I used to be in the we. I'm telling you. We used to listen, I'm gonna tell you Chad, man, y'all man, y'all be playing with me.


Look at the film. Look at the, look at the special teams footage. Look at the special teams footage from my rookie year with the Bengals. I was in the middle of the wedge boom. They used to kick off. Right. Boom. I would lock arms, it would listen. Lorenzo O'Neal was on my left and Reggie Kelly was on my right. And. we would lock arms and whoever the wedge buster was, they would always try to pick on me. But I would always win that. I would always win that battle. I don't know if they special teams or you or kick off a kick return. Oh. Or punt a return. But they damn show some footage of me out there. Oh, hey, I'm telling you it's out there man, you too me, man.


Ron DeVos said, Hey brother, having a rough few days, but the show, but the show always helps. Thanks for what you guys do. God bless Ron. Guess what? Sunshine follows rain and yeah. Dude, look, I know sometimes it gets tough sometimes, but one thing you can't do, you can't give up. Just get up, put one foot in front of the other and realize that today is gonna be better than yesterday and tomorrow's gonna be better than today. And that's how you gotta approach it. That's all. Shoot, I'm right with you too. 'cause all my days ain't good. No shit. My, my dang ain't good right now, but I'm still smiling. But you know what? And they got my Nightcap hat on. Ron. You were able to get up this morning.


Your blood running warm in your veins, sir. You had Yes sir, sir, use of your limbs and it was you in your right mind and the first thing you should've did before you put your feet on the floor. God, thank you for allowing me to see another day because you know what? Somebody had an appointment to see you. Ooh. That's the only appointment you can't reschedule because when he sign your name, you gotta come on home. Uhuh Ron. You got another day, bro. I mean, sometimes we think about what we don't have, but you have the most important thing you have life. Yeah. I was listening to a lady that works in a hospice and she was, she said, and she wrote down, I think she wrote a book or something about when people about the transition, what do they wish for?


They wish for time. They wish they had told someone they loved them. They wish they had traveled more. They never wish for more money because where they're going is not accepted. Mm. Every day, day I wake up is a great day. I people like, and that's what I tell people. I tell people all the time. I say, it's a great day to be alive if you consider the alternative. Now we all know we got to leave here At some point, But I, I'm trying, I'm trying. I'm I I ain't in no hurry. I ain't afraid of dying, but I'm not gonna speed up the process.


Yes sir. And I just think the thing, sometimes we take, we don't realize just how fortunate we are because we look at what we don't have. Well, we ain't got the nicest house And. we don't have the nicest car And. we ain't got hundreds of thousands or in the bank. Well if you got life, all that other stuff, don't, there are a lot of people that's bed read and have those things and don't know they have it. Man, when you got your help, nothing else matters. Nothing else matters. Because I've been on both sides of the spectrum. I mean, when everybody's around you and poor, you don't realize how poor you are with Joe when everybody lives exactly like you live.


You. Yeah. It wasn't until you go to, they got cereal and they get milk and they got orange juice and they got, you know, I'm like, well damn Ron, you don't realize how good you got it. I know sometimes Roy gets hard, but somebody got it rougher than you Seree. Brian Martinez love the show. My young sister Maya is halfway through chemo. She loves watching you guys. Can you give us some encouraging words? Maya, you're doing an unbelievable job. Congratulations. Halfway through chemo. Hopefully this thing goes in transmission and you come out the other side healthy and better than ever.


So the crew Nightcap myself, I'm gonna let Ocho speak for himself. But myself and one half of the Nightcap crew, we want to encourage you to keep, keep God in your prayers. Believe. And you gonna come out on this thing on the other side being amazing. So congratulations Maya. Hopefully Brett. Hey Brian. You call us back, you text us back and let us know how sis doing because we want, I want her and your family to all the breath. So you guys are in our prayer. Go ahead Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. May stay strong out there. Obviously always start every day. Start every day with prayer. Always. You keep him first and you keep on fighting.


You keep on fighting and keep on smiling. That's it. That's all you gotta do. Tiffany Williams. I got my first candle of Ginger Real op. It's pretty good. I'm currently a daily fly attendant. My question is, I know you guys like the snack basket, huh? But what's your favorite first class meal? I like the damn, it was a barbecue something. What the hell? I know, I know what mine is. Y'all had something meal.


I only shot 'em out. But when I go there y see y'all see this Fox Brothers? Y'all gonna get me a free meal? It was a barbecue something. Damn. I can't remember this what it is. Yeah, Sometimes I just, I used to like the burger I used used to like the plain Burger Ocho. They had burger. That was She said on, she said on she said on the plane, huh? Yeah, Burger. They Delta used to do burgers. Burgers. Oh, okay, okay, okay. It is last year. You know when I used to fly off for inside the NFL every week America Airlines. I was on the same flight every time. And most of the time I would get the same meal. It was macaroni and cheese and beef rib.


How you say it? Beef rib. Yeah. Beef Rib chip. Short ribs. Yeah. Am I The barbecue short ribs? That's what it was. Old delta. The short Rib. That's what, man, that shit was so good with the macaroni and cheese. Yep. Huh. Barbecue, short ribs. That, That shit was so good. Now I I I star, I star I started back last week and I was on American and I ain't get that goddamn beef, short rib Macaroni And cheese. I just told you in this is inside the NFL. Fly me out. Not me. That's Okay. They'll fly you spirit if you want to. That's one thing I talking About. Well this is this, this is, this is what they put me on when I go places for myself, myself Out fly spirit. If you, if you tell them, they will put you on. I guarantee you, I know how this works.


I worked for networks for three years. I worked at CBS for a decade. I worked at Fox for seven years and I worked at ESPN. They will put you on whatever airline you tell them. Okay. Do you, do you want me, do you want me to tell them? No, no, no, no, no, no. You said I'm asking. I I can, well listen, they did all this before. I could say anything. Now I don't have a problem with it because it's what I've been flying all my life. No, the fact that they, they booked everything in advance. I didn't wanna make anything to me. I Didn't know you coming from 'cause they asked me. 'cause they know where I live. I live in Miami. Anytime I'm going to work, I'm coming from Miami. I mean, normally what they do, even Ash, they ask Ash where she have her most, where she have the miles at and what airline she wants to fly with Jordan.


Right. But Jordan is like, okay, I got X, Y, and Z. Okay. Right, right. But since we going to the same, they're gonna probably be on the flight that I'm on. But they ask, Hey Shannon, there's an American flight, there's a Delta flight, there's a united flight, there's a southwest flight. Which one would you like to take? But see, did you hear everything you just said? You naming two and three people that you travel with When I do everything on my own? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm saying Ash. A lot of times when I go, when we Jordan and I go, Jordan's really the only one that travels every time I go because I'm going to shoot club Sheha or we gonna, or we gonna do Nightcap in my room. Ash doesn't always go.


But when it's dealing with SPN, Ash is going to go. Now normally, sometimes I have to leave earlier. So Ash come at a later date in time. But Jordan will be on the flight with me. But they will ask Shannon, there's an American flight leaving at such and such time. There's a Southwest flight leaving at this time. There's a Delta flight that's leaving at that time. There's also a such and such. So this this notion that they don't, they do Well, they don't need to do it for me because they did it already. 'cause they know I'm coming from Miami. So there was no need for all That. So no words, you don't wanna fly Spirit. To make a long story short, I've been flying spirit the past 20 something years. So I'm not sure what you, What you at. So why you tell them to fly you spirit?


'cause I didn't wanna inconvenience him because they had already booked the flights. Do you realize, you know how many people traveling You inconvenience? Huh? It just me. I know. It's just me. They Got, but Ryan Clark, they book his travel for Ryan. They booking travel for Coach Belichick. Yeah. But they, they, they coming from all they see, they coming from all over the place. I'm pretty simple. You making my point. I'm point. I'm coming from Miami. I'm coming from Miami the same place every week, every time, same Time. That's Coach Belichick is coming from, he's coming from his home in Massachusetts. No, but Bill, bill, bill got by 30. Bill got 27 jobs like me, He home. So you could theoretically Chad, if he wanted to fly spirit, he could.


He liked the first class tickets. He liked them first class seats. He liked those accommodations. Actually, I like, I like, I like my spirit flights. Seat 18, a window leg room. And I bring my own food with me. And they got wifi. Yes. Yeah. I'm just letting you know, ain't nothing changed. First Class got all Delta got there too. I don't like, I don't, I don't fly Delta, I fly American. They, they put me on American. Yeah. I mean something. Because look, sometimes Delta, I'm trying to fly nonstop. I don't like to, I don't like to do layover. Oh yeah. I, I don't like, listen, I don't mind, depending on where I'm stopping. I mind, I like the people watch.


I like the people watch. I mind listen, Atlanta, if you, if I got, if I have a layover in Atlanta, I don't care. I walk around, put my hoodie on, put my sunglasses on, sit down somewhere, get me coffee. And it's so interesting watching people walk through the airport. I, I don't know why. I don't know what it is about that. That's an extreme sport to me. What people watching? No, because everybody's so interesting. I'm going, Hey look, I I don't do, I don't do the layovers. You b you bougie. No, I, I look Ocho I don't have time. I'm trying to get from point A to point B. See what I mean? See what, see what I mean? Time I mean is money. Yeah, time is money. But I have no problem laying over.


'cause that money's gonna be there when I get there. No, but whatever's for you. Listen to me, whatever's for you is for you. No matter where you get there. If God wants you to have it, you gonna get it. That's why he put me on a flight that's nonstop that the rest. He said, shit, I want you, he said, he said, I want you to get this money. I'm putting you on a direct flight to wherever you need to go. But over the last, I ain't gonna lie to Ocho over the last, over the last spot, four months, I've probably flown more American than United. Right. In the past four months than I've flown in the past 30 years. Because it's always been Delta, Delta, director of New York, Atlanta, wherever the case may be right now, you gotta fly America, you know, fly to Dallas.


Delta, I mean it, I in Houston, you gotta fly America or you fly. I like, ah, I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get to be, I'm trying to get to be like, get like 5 million miles on Delta. You like Delta better than American? I do. Oh, hold on, hold on. What you know about this? Please tell me. You've flown Jet Blue. But the mint, is it the Mint experience? The mint Mint something? No, where the cabin is. The cabin has the, The only blue. The only blue. I'm trying to fly the D So you haven't, you haven't flown like the seat treeline. I mean like, it like, no damn it lay all the way Back.


I've heard it, but you know what Ocho, somebody was telling me about that. Yeah, about JetBlue and they got this upgraded experience. No, I've never, I've never flown JetBlue. Well, you, you gotta see that boy Flown Easter before they went bankrupt and Outta business. I did some, we west coast, I did some West Coast to East Coast. Yeah. And there was a, I think it's called a mint experience or the mint something. I, I went on a flight. I was like, oh my god, boy. I like this Min condition. I think it's a group though. Ocho, but okay, I think I know what you're talking about. I said Mint. I, I said, I said man condition. Oh. Oh, that's a good one.


Hey, that was funny. Mint condition. Nah, I mean, you know who Sky Bri is? Ocho Who? Guy Bri Guy Bri a rapper. Sky Bre shit. Oh. I, you know, I listen if, if it ain't soccer, football related, man, I don't, I don't really be knowing too much. I'm, I apologize. I apologize to the chatter. Don't Apologize to me. I mean, I tried to, you know, you say Scott JetBlue? Yeah. Mint, mint, mint Mint something.


No, I thought you were talking about she's a, I mean, when you get off, when you Google her, Scott, let me see. Scott, Bree, you got my phone right here in front of me. Oh Lord, have Mercy. How you spell Scott? Is that with one y, one Y or two? Yeah. You said? Yeah, you ain't even answer. Goddamn. I thought you got one Scott. I mean Sky. S-K-Y-B-R-I Sky. Okay, take my glasses off so I can see.


Yeah, that's, Hey, I, IIII like my coffee dog man. Okay. I I'm just saying you talking about the sky. I like, I like the sky too. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I mean, yeah, I did. I mean, yeah, that, yeah. Oh, I ain't telling y'all talking about some us got wive. I ain't tell y'all to Google it. I was talking to Ocho. Oh. I ain't know who. I ain't know who it was. I ain't know who it was. What, what? Oh, she, oh, I ain't, I ain't know that. I don't, you know, I don't watch that stuff. Well, I'm saving that, you know something. I, I backslide every wound, but I don't know don't about Her.


I don't watch it no more either. I don't watch it no less either. Hey, What? Yeah. I ain't know who the hell that Was. Ke know what Junior said. Who wins the NFC East Eagles or the Cowboys? Who you got? Ocho? We gotta, we And, we, we gotta get a cowboy a chance to play first. Okay. We gotta give 'em a chance to play first, you know? Yeah. I mean basically what we, what we saw tonight, it was, it was up and down. It was, it was sloppy in the beginning. Then there were, there was spurts of, of greatness.


Flashes of greatness. From, from, from, from both sides of, from both teams. Yeah. We, I, I need to see more To see everybody else but what you call them division opponents. Man, you throw, you throw that stuff out the window. It don't matter how they look. You play my division. When we played the Raiders or Kansas City or the Chargers, Seattle, when they was in our division, no matter how good they looked, oh y'all think y'all gonna come here and just get an easy win? Or we playing Pittsburgh and, and you know, in the a c it used to be the A FC Central. It was us, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Tennessee. Right. Jacksonville and, and Jackson. So it was like 16 before they realigned.


It went four, six what? Four division, you know, six division and six 14 right West Eight? No, it's eight divisions and 14. So four and four. A, A F, C, four, N, F, C. So four and four. 16 and 16. Yeah, but oh, no, no, no, no division. You throw that out the window. Yay. Because we know y'all, we been playing y'all twice a year for 10 years. Oh, So just NFC in general. Yeah, but you know, a, you look, you know the, you know, you know how the Eagles feel about the Cowboys. You know how the Cowboys feel about the Eagles. You know how the Eagles feel about Washington. You know how Washington feel about the jet. The giants ain't no love lost. Yeah. So And, we love company. If we not going to the playoffs, I'm doing everything I can to keep y'all out the playoffs too.


I know one thing, the commander, the commander gonna be in the hunt. Commander gonna be in the hunt because everything starts with the quarterback position. Yeah. And one thing about the commanders, they got a goddamn quarterback. Now Mario Chiquito love y'all. Unc do you have any good stories playing from playing Seattle Seahawks back in the day? I'm looking forward to Sunday's game against the Broncos. Oh man, I used to love playing in the Old Kingdom. I don't know if you old enough to remember the kingdom, but that man, hey, excuse me, guy. That place would get the rocking and man, they had Rufuss Porter, they had te, they had Boogie Bryant. They had Joe Nash, they had black man, they had a really good defense.


They were re they were rea a and that place, that kingdom that hold like 55, 50,000, 55,000 maybe. But that thing, oh man. Oh, I had a girlfriend from Seattle. What's her name? I Ain't no no, fine. She was fine. Was She, Hey Google her, Google her. See if she, No, I think she married now Look at her, look up her Instagram. I don't, I don't know if she even on Instagram. What? Find her Facebooks. Yeah. I ain't know. I I ain't even on Facebook.


On Facebook. Well see she Got tiktoks. I'm good. No, you said she was fine. Yeah. Leave Ocho. It's okay to like remember to reminisce and not try to reconnect. It's okay. I Mean, I mean why not? Why, why you something wrong with your wifi? I ain't trying to reconnect Ocho. She married. It's something wrong With your wifi ocho. There are a lot of there, there are some people that I've dealt with. They're married. I know they're married. Can I ask you something? Yeah. You know I love soccer, right? Yeah. Just 'cause they goddamn goalie and gold on me. You can't score. No, I, no, yeah, do Ocho this is what we know about men and women. He might not even, he might not even love his wife no more.


Right. He might not even love his girlfriend no more. But let another man show interest. It ain't, it's too many out there. I definitely don't want nobody that, somebody that, that she got a man after I, after what I saw in Houston. I bet I wish I, I wish I, I don't care. I don't care how fine she is. Look old children, I told you that. My grandfather said boy, everybody has somebody. It is just to what extent? Oh, they've married, they got a fiance, they got a significant other, they're seeing somebody. It does not matter.


Ain't nobody walking out there Scott free. So with that being said, after what I saw in Houston, Texas, the best decision I made is one of the few times I didn't listen to Ash ass because he was definitely trying to steer me to go to Houston. I said, oh no, something, you know, Hey, like you say God speaks to you. He supposed to be Ocho because he know he Does. Like I said, you got, if somebody, Hey, you got a wife, you got a husband, you got a boyfriend. I don't care if, well, we just broke up. Nah, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good because I, I done got too big.


I done got too old. A tussle ain't, I'm shoot ocho, I'm shooter brothers size. That's the size. I ain't nobody really try to lock up with me. I already know they gonna put, hey, they gonna put bugs on my shirt. Right, right, right, Right. So I just leave that alone, man. Hold on. When I was younger, I threw coffee to the wind. Oh, you got somebody? Well, he ain't here right now. Where he he at? You know what I'm saying? Disrespect. Hold on. And. if you get older, you start to realize, Hey Shannon. Right. Let that go. I'm cool with that. Days over, days over. I like what you said though. Everybody got somebody.


It's just to what extent It is. Just to what extent. Mm. Boy, I told you, look here, Ocho the best thing to ever happen. I've only been to Hu prior to just like, just to hang, I've been to Houston one time. But to go to be in Houston and to see the best thing to happen, God know what he did. He said, I'm gonna let you go to Houston. I'm gonna let you spend a couple of days in Houston, but I'm gonna let your black ass be 50 something years old because he know if he'd have put me in Houston at 30. Right. No, you wouldn't have been able to do it. No, no, no.


Been no Nightcap. There would've been no Nightcap. Clean Ccle Wood said, every man gotta know his limitation. I know what my, yes sir. I know what my weaknesses are. I know what my blind spots are. That in Houston ain't for me. And it's okay. It's okay. No, man, I see you. You know, when I think about it, when I, when I think about it, like, I mean, me and Rel was playing around, you know, talking about it. Like, if Rel was like, well hell, even if you did leave in Houston, Yas don't go no motherfucking goddamn way anyway. I mean, I'm in Miami, I don't go no goddamn way.


I Don't go nowhere way either. But I, I don't know as well. I, I, you know, I think that it's, it's, I have a problem. I need to get out the house. I need to do stuff. Enjoy, got enjoy. I Got a too for yours. And Houston would not help my problem. Because here's the thing, Ocho, if you are an alcoholic, what must you do every day? I must drive by a bar or a package store every day. And not one time can I stop and go in. Right. I know what my weaknesses are. I know ain't no fool, man. Party ain't raised no fool. Right. But you got discipline though, So you'll be, I still got discipline. That's why I my ass, that's, that's why I'm here because I got discipline.


Right? But ain't no sense. Look, the thing is, yes, I have discipline, but I ain't buying cookies. I ain't buying Twinkies. I ain't buying donuts. Right. I'm not bringing it in the house. Just so I can see, show you how strong my willpower is. Hmm. Why would I do that? Why would I say, why would I, why would I put myself and I know what my weak, what my weaknesses are, right? And put myself in that environment continuously. I'm asking for trouble. You know, if you put These and now I got these, Ruby,


it's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back To it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day. Make it alright.


Bu bu


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Attention parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles. Got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out Guardian bikes featured on Shark Tank and awarded the Top Kids bike in 2024 by the New York Times. Wirecutter Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no-code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


Well, you, you know what they say. If you constantly put yourself in the way of temptation, at some point you get used to it and you ignore it. Huh? If you constantly put yourself in an environment where you feel you won't have discipline, at some point it becomes routine and you just ignore it. I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm just telling you, it's like for like, it's like with Soccer, the soccer on television. You ignore it. You done watch soccer, you done been to Uafa. You done been to Copa. You done been to all the legal. You done been to all of them. You, when they come on, you ignore it.


Absolutely Not. Exactly. You see, I don't like that analogy, but I I got you. I'ma look, I'ma stay by black ass right over here. I got you Before. Next thing you know. Oh, why didn't you tell me? Tell you what? Don't your I heard y'all. The up will be a daddy. Your big s Oh no. Hell no. I already know. How you gonna do it? Ocho ride RoseLee Sterling. The goat made me fall in love with the package of six years old. Got Green Bay Green, got a green and white s jersey goat ride.


Appreciate that Stephanie Warfield congrats to, to Tara Woodall for winning gold in Paris. And her husband Hunter won gold today. He did, he won the, I think it was the T 38 or T 62. They got so many different, you know, in the Olympics, you know, some, some are are hearing, hearing impaired and some are visually impaired. 2 62, I think he ran, he ran sub 47 in the 400 meters and she, he won gold. So Hunter Woodall, Jamal Hill and Noah Malone. So yeah, they, that's, they're very inspiring to watch. Yeah, man, I saw the, the Brazilian dude, they called him the Brazilian or, or torpedo.


I think he wanted the backstroke ain't got no leg. I mean, he out, I think he, he might have had legs, but he ain't got no arms. Right. He ain't got no arms on to that junk was moving. Hold on. He ain't got no arms. So they called it the backstroke. Yes. Gone. They couldn't get it. He would, he would go, don't joke, the Brazilian torpedo, what's his real name? Look up Brazilian torpedo. Hey, how, how he was swimming up. He had no arms. What's, what's his real name? Name?


But they call him the torpedo, right? Yeah. Ocho, you gotta go Google it when you get done. Man. My man was gone. Oh, he beat you Ocho the backstroke Absolutely not. Oh yeah, he beat you. Absolutely not that. I mean that swimming, swimming is what I do. You ain't finna beat that ass. So, to all the Paralympians, congratulations. Congrat, congrat, you're congrat you're very, very inspiring to see you to, to, to let everybody know that no matter what you might be going through or thank you, what you've gone through to see these men and women, young men and young women get out there and on the track and on the bike and shoot a guy from America.


He won the archery with no arms. Oh, I saw that. I saw that. Yes. I saw that He won the archery with no, hey, bullseye. Man, look here. So when I hear people talking about I can't do something and I see what I saw what they be, man, please, Everything is possible. Anything, anything is possible. Don Jr. Said, my brother Reverend Darrell Williams' birthday is today. Uncle. No, Joe, can you give him a shout out? Re Williams, happy birthday Rev. Happy birthday. Congrats.


Enjoy your special day. Hopefully it was great. You were surrounded by friends, family, and loved ones. And happy celebrate today and many, many more to come. Happy birthday to you, Nate Harper. Said Unc Ocho. I've loved the show since day one. My fiance Ashton is in the hospital with pancreatitis. Can you please send a prayers and good vibe all the way? Love y'all. And thanks for the laughs, Ashley, man, Nate is worried about you, but we know you're in great hands. Get out the hospital soon, hopefully this pancreatitis sides and you'll be back up and on your feet. I've never had it, but I've heard, I've been know people that have had it and say it's very, very, very, very, very painful.


So, Ashley, we wish wishing you a speedy recovery. The team here at Nightcap. Yep. Praying for you. Ash. We're praying for you. Simon Powell said, oh no, Joe, I'm a teacher coach in Ohio and I was wondering if you guys remember the importance teacher junior high school. I try my best to support these kids in the classroom and in life. You got any important lessons From, from high school, High school, junior high? Man, I can't even remember nothing back then. But I was getting in trouble. Honestly. I was a knucklehead man. I'm trying to think. Man, that was a, that was a knucklehead high school.


I remember. CSI, I remember getting referrals and I remember skipping class. I didn't do anything like in trouble. Trouble trouble. I'm just little dumb stuff, man. Yeah, you know what, I, I was In other people PE class. I had a smart mouth. Other people lunch. You two. Yeah, that was my thing. Look, I, I knew how far to go because the last thing I wanted to do was get suspended and have to deal with Mary Porter. Ooh. So that wasn't gonna happen. I was gonna do just enough. You know, me and the guy, oh me, And, we might, okay, we gonna do this, we gonna do this. And then you start thinking about it. Okay, I might get suspended. Nah, I'm not gonna do that. Y'all can do that. Ah, nah. I, I, I couldn't, I couldn't do that.


But I, I was very fortunate that I had teachers that, that I believed. But then for the most part, I do believe that sincerely cared about me and, and my education. Although early in my career, I didn't really give a damn about education until I got to college. And 'cause Ms. Kees probably was the one, my Spanish teacher, he was my Spanish teacher, if you could believe this OCHO Spanish and remedial reading. Right. She told me that I needed to take Spanish. I said, Ms. Kills, I'm in remedial reading, why would I take Spanish? Spanish? Right. She said it would help your Spanish. She said, it is going, if she told me Spanish would help my reading. Right. I said, you gonna help me repeat the 10th grade?


That's what you gonna help me do. I said, if I'm struggling, I'm struggling in, in reading English. But she convinced me. But she was always there. She stayed in touch with me even after I left. You know, she had, I had her for my sophomore year in high school. Right. Even my junior year, I played with her son. Her son was a year younger than me rest. His old Matt, he's passed away. I think two of her three kids have passed. But she, she's still, she's still one of my favorite people. One of my favorite people. She a, she sends me a card every birthday and every Christmas I'm gonna get a card. That's lie.


That's dope. Every birthday and every Christmas since 1990, I'm gonna get a card. On Christmas, I'm gonna get a card for my birthday. I'm gonna get that. That's Every time she see my sister, she gonna ask, how's my son doing? So her and my high school coach, coach Hall, who coached my mom, my uncle, they would drive. I'm in Denver, I'm in Baltimore, I'm coming to Jacksonville, they're coming. I go to Tennessee. Right. They're coming. Atlanta. They're coming DC they coming, coming.


I'm coming. They're coming. They're coming. They're gonna come. Coach Ley his wife, Ms. K's husband was my junior high principal. Mr. K's coach Ley de kills their very close friends. Best friends. So, so they drive, they coming to see me. So that relationship is, is very special. I don't get a chance to get home. But when I do get home, I always tell Libby to let 'em know that I'm coming and they always come by the house. Always, always. Yeah. I mean that tho that's, that's what like, and, and, and in, in, in college, Joyce Macklemore, Joe Ann Green, Norman Elwell, Haynes Walton, gay Hewitt, Steve Smith.


I can damn near remember every, every, everything they said in the class. Probably Haynes Walton probably learned the most from him. He and Norman Elmore. Right. Probably the most impactful was probably Joyce Macklemore and Joe hang green. I, I can tell when someone sincerely wanna help Shannon Sharpe, I can tell. And from the moment I stepped into the, these professors and doctors' class, there was just a vibe. You know that word vibe that I could tell.


Okay. They really want the best for me. They had no idea because I, you know it, at that point in time, ain't nobody asking you, well, what do you want be in life, take the class and move on. But After a while they, they was like, well Shannon, I mean you always on class. You know, I was always, I was never laid in class with Joe. You know your boy had that thing come Friday. Yeah. Slack button down shirt hard bottom shoes. O she Well you said that you sat in the front of the Back. In the front. Because I knew the answers. I ain't no, I gonna sit in the front. I want people to know I know what I'm talking about. And yes, I raised my hand. Okay.


Teacher's pet. Okay. Yeah. You Go on. Teacher's Pet, they like shit. Hey Mr. Sharp, Mr. Sharp. Yeah. O Joe. Because guess what? Yeah, the women went to class. I don't know what 'em guys thought. The girl was go, hey, as my coach used to say, Hey ain't nobody, ain't nobody taking no panties off the first quarter. Hmm. It's gonna be the second or the third quarters and you dumb. It's gonna be flunked out and y'all gonna get 'em right for somebody else. Guess who was around for three quarters for four years. That was you.


I like it. I like it. Y'all take 'em to the movies, send 'em flowers, get 'em cards when you flunk out, you got a rifle shape Already. Ready prep. Hey, you gotta understand ocho. Yeah. I don't know why those guys thought like, bro, go to class. That's where the women are. The women Are in class. They had to see OSHA every day. Everybody leaves. Eyes are Calvin Klein. Polo do sign. Clean it clean as hell. What? Oh, that creases them pants so sharp in the cut.


You woo, What You call the yellow you back in the back of the eighties. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Back in the eighties, the crease, everything was cre. Was you, you used starch Niagara. Niagara. Yeah. With the yellow. With the yellow. The yellow can. Yeah, I stand my pants up. They stand right there in the corner. Yes sir. Oh yeah. I remember them days. Iron that shirt had the, had the little irony. Boy, y'all know what I'm talking about. Had the little irony. Boy, we ain't have, we ain't have that kind of space to have no big irony. Boy had that little irony boy that you put on the bed. Yeah. Hey Ocho, when I say OSHA was hell when he was Well I know what you're talking about. Hey, I know, I know exactly what you're talking about.


See, I, I can't, I I can't share my stories. I don't, You ain't never, you ain't never wrong if you're right. Yeah, No, you can't share no stories. Yeah, I don't wanna get in. But you Already the dog house. Nah, no, nah, nah. I, I own the house. That's okay. So I can't be in it. You on the couch though? No, I'm sleeping at the, at the, at the, the step of the bed. Nah, nah. Ain't nobody, she, she ain't even here. She probably watching. They she in Tampa right now. Yeah. I tell you what Ocho you ever iron your money? I used to iron my money. Ocho. Nah Man, I ain't, I put them on that thing. That thing be I, I squirt. Yeah. Yeah. I had squirt that.


Nah, because I would've crispy. Only, only time I seen people iron money is when they, when they got wet by accident. I Iron my money. You did. You wanna be crispy or Crispy? Ocho crisp. When I pull that eye, That's a new one. That's a new one. That's a new one. I Ain't carry, I hadn't carried a wallet. We was growing up. My grandfather say that was a poor excuse for a man not to carry a wallet. So he made my brother not carry a wallet. You probably ain't gonna go to the south. In fact, you might now. But I'm saying when I was growing up, I've never seen a man I'm talking about until I was probably in my thirties right in the south that didn't have a, didn't have a, they call 'em a billfold.


Yeah. They Had no money there. Man. My granddaddy back was messed up. 'cause all they had was bills up in there because, you know, back then they kept every bill, phone bills, light bills, gas bills. They kept all them bills and they normally kept 'em in their back pocket. I wonder why, I wonder why they did that back then. Yep. Damn. Kept all the bill because you know, hey, you never know. They might, Hey, hey, they not Finn to double charge you. Little do they know that sometimes they will try to get over on you. Yeah. You All That. But yeah. But then as I got, I got older, I just started putting my money.


I got a, a money clip that I've had that I put rubber bands on that I've had for probably 30 years. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm Ocho you know what I, what's the word? Sentimental. Yeah. I'm, I, I'm big in sentimentality And keeping something for a very long time. Long time forever. Okay. Okay, okay. I see what you Mean. Oh, if my brother, my sister, my, my grandmother gave me something. I still got it. Right. I still got it. Right. I got silver dollars that my sister gave me when I was like 10 or 11. Mm. I got 'em money. My brother gave me like $2 bills and stuff that he gave me when I was like the key from telling on him.


I still got it. Yeah. Money that my grandmother gave me. I still got it Right. Oh. As I got stuff that some exs gave me too, like Christmas gift. I don't, it's in a safe deposit box. So I want people to say, you still got it. Yeah. It's in a safe deposit box. I don't go look at it. You ain't gonna wear it. Nah. But a lot of times it's stuff that, that I, that it's not wearable. Sometimes it's like stuff, you know, stuff that they, they've given me probably 20 years ago, 30 years ago. Cards. Okay. You Know? Okay, okay. Okay. You keeping them. Okay. That's romantic. Yeah. I like it. I like It. I beat Dene to go pull 'em out. I mad at my sister 'cause she threw all my other stuff, my letters.


I had love letters. She threw 'em away. Oh, y'all be writing each other? Oh, I used to write letters all the time. Oh yeah. I was a big writer. Yeah. Oh. I ain't, I'm not a writer. I like to send text messages. Man. I was a poet that didn't know it. I like it. I ain't doing, I ain't them. You ain't writing. I ain't writing. I Hopefully nobody still got him because I know there's an as miss words that run sentence. I think a p with the page wasn't no punctuations or, Hey man.


Hey guys. That concludes our show for tonight. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that, huh? Please Make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, do us a solid, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from and remember every subscriber matters. Thank you for mattering. Thank you for helping Nightcap fun ocho grow to what we've grown. I, I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner, runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the legendary pro bowler all pro Liberty city zone. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier.


If we don't have it in a city or a state near you. We're coming. But you can order it online and we'll get shipped right to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she, she media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat tour. T-shirts and hats dropped yesterday. There are two versions of the t. The one that Ocho and I have on with the OCHO has on. He has the Nightcap with he and I face on the front and he has the tour dates on the back, but there's also a version that has, he and I face Nightcap on the front with no tour dates on the on, on the back. The T with the, the writing on the back is 42. The one with the print only in the front is 38.


Use the VIP code for an additional 10% off all purchases. We had our first commercial. We saw that you guys saw that again. We are back tomorrow after Le what's the college football game that we're coming on after tomorrow? Okay, we're coming on after the Nebraska, Colorado, Nebraska game. So we'll see you guys tomorrow after that game. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm up. Heath Ocho, we're out. Manana The Volume.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday night Football. You know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant news and pops of color from couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.