
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone, and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day. firing Downfield stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football. For details.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating Find Your. Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments Or. the flocked Starry light. Frasier fur With. over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect tree now at the Home Depot. and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery. For details tales.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


As a former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine, or the smooth ride, BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to BMW usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the All electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experience in luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Texas Longhorn at advance to the SEC championship game with a win on the road at Texas, A and M 17 seven, they will face the Georgia Bulldogs in the SEC championship game. Thank you guys for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember, every subscriber counts you matter. Thank you for making us matter. Make sure you check out Shea by la Porter. We have it in stock. The holiday season is upon us and we want you to have a very festive, joyous holiday season.


What better way to celebrate and enjoy the holidays than with a bottle of shake by La Portier. Now if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order it and we'll get it in. Get it to you in time for Christmas for New Years. And please do me one more favor, please. Drape responsibly. Please go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. Our newest releases dropped, just dropped. We have such high demand, it kind of caused a glitch in our sight. But everything is up and running now. And we're ready to take your orders. Take advantage of our Black Friday sale. Items are Up to 50% off.


Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. And in case that isn't enough, we want to give you even more. When you spend $200 or more, you'll receive a complimentary hat. All you have to do is make sure the your car is over $200 and then you add a hat. Once you add the hat, it will ring up as free. So you spend $200 or more, you could add a hat and the hat will become complimentary. Upon checkout, all Ts and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Shehe and 84, everything is in stock. We even have new releases and some stocking stuffers, beanies and co cozies and mugs.


We have mugs added to the list. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while these supplies last. And again, thank you for your support. As I mentioned earlier, OCHO number three, Texas went on the road and defeated number 24, Texas, A, and M by the score of 17 to seven, Texas, A and m best player was quit yours. Unfortunately, he's the quarterback for the Texas Longhorns. He almost gave this game away. ocho, he almost gave it away. If Texas, A and m could have done anything offensively. Yeah, They beat Texas because yours did not play particularly well last night. A bad interception.


He formed the ball where it was going. This game should have been away. Put away OCHO in the third quarter. Long time, long time ago. Listen, the long horse defense, I mean they played a a, a critical role, obviously playing. They forced some turnovers shutting out the, the Aggies offense in the first half. But the Aggies obviously, if they could have got something going offensively, they didn't have a chance or did, nor did they capitalize on any of the turnovers that they got. The game could have. It could have been somewhat close in the plays that they made offensively and the turnovers that the, not the Aggies, the turnovers that the Longhorns got, you know, they were able to capitalize and, and and shut this game out. Now, the biggest test for Texas now is that championship game.


That championship game, the kind of defense Texas played tonight. This is exactly what we're gonna need in all three phases, whether it's offense, offensively, defensively, and special teams because they're playing the Georgia team that dominated the first time. They played upfront. The, the battle of this game and the chance on winning this game is gonna start up front with that offensive line and the defensive line being able to be stout on defense and the offensive line being able to hold, hold up and that offense making the play they need to play. And Quinn Errors can't make the mistakes he made tonight against a Georgia team that will capitalize and pounce on any turnovers that they have. Yeah, you're right. Ocho, the first time they played Georgia went into Austin and beat him up.


They just beat him up mentally, physically, emotionally. They really did some damage on 'em. But give SAR credit for getting these guys to bounce back. They come back and they played really, really well and they worked their way back into the, the SEC championship game. Yeah, you are right. They got a, a pick six touchdown, Texas, A and M. They got another force F and they got stopped on the goal line. See, I don't understand that OCHO, because you need two scores anyway. Yeah. What different? One way or another, you're gonna need two scores. And you really And, if you really think about ocho, you hadn't had a whole lot of success running the football. Yeah. At some point in time you gotta put the guy and give him a two-way goal. Son. If it's, if, if the guy's not wide open, run it in.


But if there's a throw to be made, we're gonna need you to make a throw. Right. But to just hand the ball off and just run into the line of scrimmage. Texas was waiting for that. I mean, that showed me that you really don't trust. That showed me you didn't really trust, you didn't really trust quarterback. Your quarterback. Yeah. I don. I understand Ocho, he is a freshman, but at some point in time, in order for you to win, we know this. No matter what the level, your quarterback's gonna have to make a play, he's gonna have to put the ball up. He's gonna have to make a play one way or another. And you gotta trust him that he's gonna make a smart decision. He's gonna make the right decision. He's gonna make the right play. But give Texas, A give Texas credit. They could because the, you could feel the but that pick six.


They go right back down there and then yours get, strip that. I mean stripped on the, on the, he's sliding. I thought te like, man, Texas, A and m got the, got the momentum. Now they're at home. That crowd started when Brian Field started rocking. Yeah, because you know, OCHO they put 108, 108,000 the house that Johnny built. Yeah, Man. But give tag gifts are, I thought Sark did an unbelievable job. I always thought he was a very good offensive minded coach. He has great people around him to, to make things happen. Texas, A and m did not play. Texas A m did not play well tonight. Don't you?


I ain I ain't listen, I I enjoyed the game. It was, it was a, it was a good rivalry. I'm glad they didn't fight like everybody else, you know, across the board with the other rivalries. Ah, Man, we gonna get into that. Let well, let's get Into that. Yeah. That, that, that went on. I mean, but you gotta trust your quarterback, huh? You, you gotta trust your quarterback. You Do at some, at some point in time on your specialties situation Like that. Basically in a game, in a game, in a game like this, you gonna have, you don't have a choice. You gonna keep running the ball. And to the strength of the Texas defense, the goddamn front seven, the front four, the front five, whatever you, whatever you wanna call it, you had no success running all night. So you have no choice but to pin your ears back.


Let your quarterback know. Listen, I'm trusting you. You got to make the right those, you have to make the right decisions with the ball to even give us a chance, not only to compete, but at least a chance to win. Right. Give your team a chance. Even if you don't trust him early, you gotta trust him late. Because at some point in time Ocho, he gonna have to put the ball up. The days are just, every once in a while you'll find a game where you can just run the ball down your opponent's throat. Yeah. This ain't that game. That wasn't the game. The hall, you're gonna have to loosen them up to make them think that you're gonna do something else other than run the football. That's why they stop you so many times on third and short, fourth and short. Because they don't throw caution to the wind. Listen, if they throw a pass that's on us.


Right. If they throw a, because sometimes don't show, you know, Hey, we, we'll call and I remember my mike and Alice gi our office will say, look, if they do something other than what we expecting, that's on us. But this is what we expect. We want you to execute this. We expecting this defense. And if they give us another defense that's on us, oh bro, if they do something other, if they do something other than run the football, Texas basically said if they do something other than run the football, that's on us. Right. We don't believe that they trust their freshman quarterback enough to put the ball in his hand and allow him to throw the football. Right. So the hell with worried about that. A everybody hit it.


Right? It's like we hitting the beach at nor Ocho we hitting the beach at Normandy. Go, go, go. A gap B gap C gap DA. If there isn't a hole, make a hole. Man. They bro, dude wasn't even clo ocho he wasn't, they wasn't even close to picking up those, the old, those short yardage. I could see Ocho, we have to come in for a measurement or we get a review. Ocho it wasn't even close. I even close They was losing yard on the third and sho and fourth and sho. I'm like, well damn. Did y'all even block them? 'cause you're at home. I can understand if you're on the road. 'cause the crowd is going ocho and so it's kind of hard to see.


So you, I'm hard to hear. And so you might be late getting off the ball, but you're at home. Yeah. And Texas still beat you off the ball. Let's go to one of the situations. Michigan upset number two. Ohio State, 1310 fight breaks out after Michigan planted a flag at midfield. A flag, a fight between both teams. Ensued, police used mace on players to stop the fight. Yeah. Ryan Day, where was Ryan Day? There's a video showing that Ryan Day was just standing there and watching Ocho. Well, You know, That's a bad look on him before I let you go. That's a bad look on him because you got to get control of your players.


And as one of the Michigan players that I always firmly believed this ojo, man, we had 60 minutes to fight. Mm. Now we done whip y'all ass. Now y'all wanna fight now? No. Now we, we about to go. Right. Go ahead. Take off. Hey listen. As, as, as a coach, you know, sometimes coaches aren't, aren't ready for situations like that. Where, where it's a melee, where all hell is broken loose. You know, an instruction environment. You're able to control the fight. You know, whether it's your team, you know, in camp most of the time, you know, teammates fight. You know how we see that all the time in training camp. Yeah. But in the middle of a field, when it, there's a melee like that, I think it'll make a coach that's not used to that situation make him very, very uncomfortable. Which is probably why he was standing back.


Because there's no way to control that many players going at it. It's impossible. It's impossible. But listen, when is the last time Ohio State, Michigan? Probably about four years ago. Okay. So I'm not, you know, I I keep hearing the upset. Upset. It was an upset. Well obviously it hasn't been upset because Ohio State hasn't won in the, what, the, the past three previous meetings. Well, Here's the, the previous couple of years Michigan was ranked higher. This time Michigan's not even ranked. Yeah. This is the number two team in the, the number two team in the country. You're at home and you're 19th and a half point favorites. Yeah. But also even with the favorites, even with the rankings. Right. Think about the rankings this year for many, many teams that have been ranked high and been losing to o other opponents, those rankings really haven't meant anything.


A lot of times That's on the road though. Ocho Yeah. Alabama lost to Vanderbilt on the road. They lost to Tennessee on the road they lost to Oklahoma on the road. Right. We see these team, we lost C Georgia lost on the road. Ole Miss lost Alabama on the road at home. You 19 point favorites at home against a team. That's Unright. Yeah. Now I'm not saying look, a loss is a loss, but this was supposed supposed to be the year it's reported that, excuse me, Ohio State have a $20 million roster. Yeah. Offensively they do. They they, they got to. But listen, all credit, due to the Wolverines defense tonight, them boy played some ball.


Man. Salute the defensive coordinator. Wink Martindale. Hell wink. 'cause they had an absolute and dominant stretch and performance and he had them playing phenomenal football to be able to hold Ohio State to the amount of points that they had with all the superstars that they had on offense. You know, like you said, that 20, that 20 $20 million roster, man, they, they played great. They played really good ball and it was a good game. And listen, tempers flare, especially when you try to plant that flag. I call it the Baker Mayfield. I'm sure it's probably been done before. Baker, baker Mayfield came along and planted that, you know, that flag in the middle of the opponent's home field after a game. Yeah. But you know that, that's, that's what happens.


And like the Michigan player said, I don't, I don't know what his last name was, but they said you had, you did have 60 minutes to fight. You know, but it, it comes down to respect as well. Okay. You guys won a game between to be playing your flag. Nah, all out there. All You. So, so we had this 60 minutes. Why don't y'all stop us then. Hey They, why you wanna wanna fight now? You wanna fight? Look here. I heard the, I heard the military looking for a few. Good man. Join the military. You wanna fight. God dangit, they send your ass overseas if that's what you wanna do. Right. Army, Navy, air Force, Marine, coast Guard. They looking for a few good men. That's what you wanna do. Fight. You had 60 minutes to line it up and now you mad. Why you wanna fight now?


Yeah, you right. Why you ocho We did the same thing happened when we played the Steelers. We beat them in the a FC championship game at the old three River Stadium Ocho. Right now. Everybody pushing and shove it. Yeah. Sharp. Hey you, but you don't wanna fight. Meet me at the bus, bro. When I go to the bus, we going to, we going home. We going to see world. We gonna see you have 60 minutes to fight. Now you wanna fight. Get your ass off this field and let us celebrate. Hey Yeah. Get him off the field. So now you know I gotta rub it in. I see. Oh. So you know how we are once I see bother you. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. You egg it on security. You egg it on. Look, get his ass off the field. He is not a part of the Broncos.


The Broncos the only team that's gonna be standing out here on the planet. I said how did that make y'all feel? We celebrating in y'all house. Y'all looking in the house like this. We got cake, ice cream, we got all kind of stuff going on. We got balloon. Yeah. Oh. So you, you know how black people are. Once we find out something bothers you, R you, you you, you pour it on you, you pour it. We be pouring gasoline on the fire. Absolutely. Every time. Every time. Hey but hey, that goddamn Michigan defense though, man. Ohio State, unc, they got too many superstars. I don. They got too many superstars. Man. Offense. What offense? Listen of offense. They only had 252 yards a day. There's no way in hell you only supposed to have 252 yards off with an offense.


Like Sometimes you try to prove a point you throw, throw the ball. Yeah. You ain't gotta prove it Ocho. I I ain't got, I ain't gotta try to prove that I'm tough. We, we we're more physical. We're gonna show him. I'm trying to win the game. I ain't gotta show you nothing I don. I don't get it. Y'all got this, y'all got this superior speed on the skill at the skill position Position. Yeah. And you Try to, and you try to hit you. First of all, Sharon Moore, the mere fact that he won six games are now seven with that quarterback. It needs to be studied. So whatever he's asking for monetarily, Michigan give it to him.


Yeah. Ain't no that quarterback, if look I understand he a kid, but he bang Ojo Don't do it like that. Don go like on, how did he hit 30 ocho? He got the guy wide open. He about, they about to break the game open. Yeah. And he hit 33 right in the chest. Yeah. All they gotta do is throw it on the top. He got a guy like 10, 10 like five, six yards behind him. All he gotta do is just throw it on the top. He hit 33 Right between the numbers. Yeah. I'm like, bro, how You know, the funny thing is that Quarterback Right where the quarterback is playing as bad as he is, that lets you know, this is where coaching comes into play. This is where coaching comes into play. Where they're, they're they're able to overcome bad quarterback play and beat a very, very, very good team.


Number Two team in the country. Number two Country that is ranked high. You know, well hell will, Howard didn't make it no easier. You know he threw, Oh, he was good and terrible too. Yeah, good and terrible. But on on third down, this is where he really lost the game. Yeah. You six to 16 on third down. Yeah. You ain't really gonna be able to do much of nothing but that much of nothing When your offense is playing that bad, as bad as, as Michigan offense was, the defense has to stand on their head. Yeah. And they stood on their heads today. Yeah. They gave up seven points to a team at ho the number two team in the country at home that hey, that quarterback that just got 12 million.


He like, shh. I like, I like what a company two die. Listen, that mean Michigan. Michigan will gonna be scary next year. Yeah. Nah, Michigan I don't know what y'all working out. Go get that man his money now. Yeah. Matter of fact, he Play, he done play game to game. He check go on and go on, give him to give him five, six year deal. Ain't no need to play with him. Yeah. And Plus and ain't no need to play with him. Ocho I ain't gonna lie. I don't know how Ryan Day keeps this job. I don't. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. You think they gonna let him go? Look, I mean if you look at his ocho, he's lost one game to somewhat, he's 47 and one against everybody else in the Big 10.


He's one in four against Michigan. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta win. You gotta win that game In that game. Yeah. But I, I don't think that's AFI offense I don, I don't think that's a, it it is not like coaching malpractice like brother ever flu. Did I say that right? Yeah. Yes. It, It, it ain't like that. It's, it's, it's finding a way. What is it that we need to do differently when we play Michigan now that I think that's something that administration ad that they can come to terms with with him and figure out how can we beat them. We figured out everybody else, what do we need to do when we get to the game when it's time to play Michigan that we need to do differently. And just like you said, stop trying to prove something.


Stop trying to impose your will, but running the ball, trying to show that you are tougher and stick to your strengths in what you do. Well you have elite receivers. Yep. One of the best in the country as a freshman in Jeremiah Smith. A Good, good quarterback, defensive play. But you have a surrounding cast that can overcome that bad inconsistent quarterback play that will Howard is, you know. Yeah. He picked it. He picked the worst day to have. He picked a bad, bad day. Bad to have his worst game Ojo. Yeah. And you, you know, look, you know, you quarterback at some point in time pressure, you gonna have a bad game. Everybody's gonna have a bad game. You just hope it's not Woo. Please don't let us have a bad game. Not a game. Not a game game. Play game or bowl or Yeah.


Not, not against Michigan. Play bad against somebody else. You could play bad against Penn State. Right. But you can't play bad against Michigan because that's the game. It's like Alabama and Auburn. You can't play bad in that game. Ocho nah. It's like, you know, whatever the run of rival like Miami, Miami, Florida, Miami Florida, Florida State, Florida, Miami, Florida, Florida State. You can't play when you got a rivalry game. Yeah. You gotta play because that's the game. Now. If you wanna be a legend, you wanna be remembered, play, play well in those games. Don't, Joe, they'll never forget you at all. Ever, ever. They'll never forget you.


The city, the school, the fans. It's gonna be very, very interesting because the question is, look who you gonna get to replace Ryan Day. I mean, it sounds like a great thing when, when urban left that's like, oh, we got Ryan Day, blah blah, blah. And he's going to, you know, he's going to the college football playoffs and so forth and on. But Ocho it's the games that he's supposed to win. The Michigan the win that he does it. Yeah. Now I I I get the last two years, not not this year, but the last two years, right. Michigan had a Jugg or nut Michigan went to the college football playoffs. They won the national championship last year. Right. Okay. We, we could understand that. There ain't no shame in that. Right. But there have been some games that you've been favored, that you got handed to you.


You still lost it. And, and a couple years ago they just ran the ball. They ain't even throw it. They just like, we gonna just bludgeon y'all right down that we gonna do, we just gonna bludgeon you. No Tricks, no trickery, no nothing. Ain't nothing you could do about it.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping point designation at this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


The holidays are officially here at The Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget like the Jackson Noble Fur. It's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the flocked starry light. Frazier F is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape. This tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights. We've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery For details.


This is John Miko from three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house, and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further, then the odometer can even handle, you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams. And you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first. And in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything, knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean, they're already a circus. They Need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying About the, I like how ge Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there. Ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's just his sun. What are you supposed to do? He said, there's a Moon too. Hey, sun's up here. You think there ain't gonna be sun? And then they're like, well, why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well, it's still the sun. It's like, well your AllPro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see. Just just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's, the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, blacks, and our iconic alpr goddess Slip, slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim. Seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together. We've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect for date night or girls night, apple picking or game day. We are the brand to support the life you leave. Shop the full fall assortment now at TOMS dot com.


O Joe. Another skirmish over a flag flag plant broke out after NC State beat UNC 35 30 at Keenan Stadium. Wolfpack Safety, DK Kalin hope to plant the flag at midfield. But USC wide receiver JJ Jones ran to a group of north NC state players, took the flag and threw it toward the Wolf Pack bench. A brawl between the two teams broke out and the staff members attempted to break it up. Tar Hill players wouldn't lead the logo at the 50 yard line into the field cleared. Hey, rivalry week, baby. They was out there. They must, they must have been listening to Kendrick album. Squabbling.


They squabbling little boy. Listen. Hey, them boy was out there squabbling. You know, again, they had the opportunity to fight. Huh? They had an album. They, they had an hour, 60 Minutes. They had 60 minutes to prevent this from happening. Obviously. What are you gonna do when you, when you, when you rivalry game? Yeah. You're going to celebrate. What do you normally celebrate? Whether it be basketball, whether it be football isn't the middle of the field where the goddamn local is. Yes. There's there's nothing you can do about it. And I think there's nothing wrong with it. There's nothing wrong with it. And you, you know what? A little squabbling ain't never hurt nobody. Yeah, I know. Now, you know, some people will say, you know, there's no place for it in the game and all it. Yeah. I can't think Of a better place for it. Exactly. And you know, honestly, can I tell you something?


Yes. It makes rivalry that much more exciting and anticipate and you wanna look forward. Look forward to it. The following year. Yeah. Just a little bit. Ain't nobody getting hurt. No. Just, just a little bit. Ain't nobody getting hurt. Just a little squabbling ain't ever hurt nobody. That's it. Just A little bit. I try, I I just want y'all to know I'm trying to be as disrespectful as I possibly can. Ain't no. If they had a bus about it. Because I want you, I want you to know, I want you to feel this. I want you to hate me. I want you to de de despise my team. I want you to despise me because I see I ru the date. You know what's Funny that you came into existence? Yes. I dislike you just that much.


Yeah. So there ain't no secret here. I'm don't let me win after you've been running your bow the whole year. All year. Yeah. Okay, now we got 60 minutes to set. We get four quarters to settle it. Right. I win what you look, I'm gonna let you know this. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a sore loser. Loser. Yeah. But I'm a worst winner. I just want y'all to know this. What? That I don. Yo, if you think I'm a bad loser, don't let me win. Right. And you better not let me win in your house. Yeah. That make that make it, that, that make it even worse. I'm leaving worse. I'm leaving muddy work boots man. What kill are these?


Yeah, they mind. Yeah. I'm leaving my word muddy. Work boots. Yeah. Yes. Absolutely. Ocho Right. I'm gonna be as disrespectful as blatantly as blatantly disrespectful as I possibly can. 'cause you've been running your mouth the whole year. You've been talking the whole game. And now look at you. Now you wanna fight you, you showed more hostility after the game. After the Game. During the game. Yeah. So what was this? Where was all the muscles where with all that, that that bennom that you got right now. Right. Get off the field And listen. Coaches will never be able to say this.


Coaches will never be able to say how they really, truly feel about small, small skirmishes like this. Yeah. You know, it's good for the game in a sense. In the rivalry itself. Yeah. Oh. No matter, no matter what these punts and these analysts may say good for the game of football, it just, it just is I. Don't know how to explain it. I can't put it into words, but I'm giving you as, as enough context as I can as a fan of college football, as a fan of sports in general. It makes it, that's more ex mu that much more exciting. Especially coming up next year. Yeah. When you look at the calendar and the schedule come out. Michigan, Michigan, Ohio State, they gonna circle that game.


They, Yeah. They best have UNC and North Carolina state to play again. They gonna circle that game as one. We got to watch this. We circle it too. We're gonna put Fus in you again on this day, on this date a year later. Foots in you again man. They do all that talking now. They do all that talking. See that's what make you mad though, Ocho. Y'all did all that talking. All the buildup. Y'all saying what y'all saying in the paper and on radio, so forth and so on. We saying what we say now we gonna get a chance to prove it. Right. Because that's the thing about sports ojo. See, you can't talk your way out of a ass whipping. You can't. You gotta play, you gotta perform.


You got to play. You gotta perform whatever you did during that week. All them x's and those, all that film study, you got to put it on camera. 'cause I ain't sky ain't gonna lie. Yeah, sky ain't gonna lie. What? What? Re tell sugar. Bring your ass sugar. Bring your ass sugar. Now you've been talking after you been talking sugar. Bring your ass. Come on out here. Hey That's a no no, no. Hey that's a classic. What was a, what was Richard Pryor character's name? Ray. Ray. Nah. Ray no Ray. No, no, no. Ray I. don doing Don't do it. Mm Nah she wants some of me. She want a piece of meat.


If Benny, you shut up too Benny. You blind. Hey You blind bastard. Yeah man. You did all that talking. Now we got, hey we gotta sell it. We gonna settle it now. This is what's gonna happen if you win, you get to brag, you get to boast. You get to say and do whatever that Whatever. But when I win don't try to suppress my celebration and talk about not here. Not talking about no Right Skedaddle damn you. Oh man. That's classic Man. Damn. Another fight broke out after the Florida 31 11 win at Florida State in Tallahassee in the final seconds kicked off G US Edge rusher George Gums Jr.


Playing the Florida flag on the Semino. Seminoles 50. The yard line marking in the media shoving match between the players from both team. At one point Florida State coach Mike Novell grabbed the Florida flag, threw it as the pushing match continue. Yeah. He and Florida's coach Billy Napier exchanged words but ultimately shook hands and dispersed. I like that. I like that. Listen, I don't know what Florida State fighting for. I don't even know what Florida fighting for. There was a bit of a bit of inconsistency from both teams, you know, throughout the season. There's no reason for y'all to be fighting. Yeah. It really ain't no reason. But you know what, it made it even better. What? That If the head coaches had got into it and started, you know, started Little Squam, you know, but I Had to lose, I had to lose my 10, $10 million year job if it with y'all.


Yeah. Hey listen, it's it's the last last game of the season. It Be last game of your career too. For real. Yeah. That, that too. But Mr. Rivalry it Florida man 31 11. There was no need to even plant the flag because you the as whoop was already handed. The as one was already dealt the belt to as was already given to Florida State from Florida. There was no, it was no need for that. That that that plant flag. You know what's happening, you know what's gonna happen? The NCA going gonna pass a rule. You can't flag the plant plant flag that Memphis, you know that coming though Joe. Oh, Joe coming. They can't, they nah, they can't, they can't ruin they can't ruin it like that. Oh. Let the game fun. Let let the let the game remain fun and let teams celebrate. If you don't want nobody to playing the flag on your goddamn field when you, when they're playing away and at your home, win the game.


You got an hour to do so you got an hour to take care of business. You, you remember when fa started storming the field, they started hitting them a quarter million dollar fine. Yeah. The schools. Yeah. Yeah. They Go either they go, they go, they go. They gonna start fighting 'em heavily. That gonna be a penalty you watch ah, If away from the Game. It's happening too much. Ocho we, we look these games have been going on. We, I mean Ocho we saw what four or five of these today and so see started to see the uptick of it. Yeah, but we ain't seen 'em all year. Huh? There's a reason you're seen him. 'cause it's rivalry week. Ain't nothing wrong with little s skirmish. Little squabbling at the end of the season. It's okay. Nobody getting hurt.


Nobody getting hurt. Hey, Nobody. The NCA say that's not what we're about. Shit. Listen what y'all is about, it's just about money. At the end of the day. We know what it's about. We, We don't want y'all to turn it off O Joe. We don't want y'all to turn it off. Right. We don't want, we want y'all to watch us. And so y'all, we know y'all don't like fighting and so we go, we gonna put Who, who don't. Well this is, well this is America. You know how, you know how we, you know how this how this was got Yeah. Do violence. So we, we gonna do ain't look what we gonna do Ocho what we gonna do? We gonna, we gonna nip this. We couldn't get it in the bud. They, they spri it up a little bit. But we gonna nip it. We gonna make sure it doesn't grow any f grow any further.


Ah, Fines coming. Watch what I tell you. We, we, we gonna review this next year. Syracuse upset number six, flaw of Miami 42. 38. Miami is now officially outta the a c championship game. Kyle McCord threw for 380 yards and three touchdowns for the orange cam. Ward had 349 yards passing with two touchdowns for the canes. Who will be off next week while Clemson faced SMU in the a CC championship. The key will have hoped for that large bid into the 12 team player Ocho, you had a 21 point lead. Yeah, listen, you, you got, you got to. You gotta put that game away. You got, you got to put that game away. I'm not sure what Miami was doing offensively. Listen, they grabbed early scoring touchdowns in their first three possessions.


You know, took a quick 21 oh league. I don't know what the hell happened after that. Especially offensively. They Took your foot off the gas, don't you? And you can't take your foot off the gas. Huh? You playing, you, you are playing to be in the goddamn, wait, hold on, hold on. In the ACC championship You are right. You're playing for that. This is a game where you want to, you wanna put up as many points as possible as early as possible and extend that distance so when the momentum in the game shifts, you don't have to go down to the wire at the end of the game and be fighting for your life. You are right. You're right. You let Syracuse hang around and look what happens.


It always happens like that. You let a team hang around in the band. They get, they end up kicking you Nas. That's what happens. That's why you killing Nat with a sledgehammer. Yeah. You don't brush him Mocho, you don't no. Kill him with a sledgehammer and be done with him. Yeah man. 21 points oh two, you gotta make that stand up defense. You gotta make that stand up. Gotta make it stand up. Damn. How much separation can you put when you have the momentum Mocho? How much separation can you put between you and the team that you playing that you got the momentum against? Because they're gonna get the momentum now. The momentum's gonna swing back their way. Ocho, Right? Yeah. Always. Always. 'cause you, you have to understand you're on the road.


So now when they get the momentum, how much damage are they gonna do to you? Did you put enough separation between Okay, they got the momentum but we're so far ahead. They're not, they can't do any damage. They Can't do nothing about it. Yeah, But that was a good game. I mean, both quarterbacks I thought played really well. 380 yards for one and three touchdowns, 3 49 and two touchdowns for the other. But Miami is gonna be kicking themselves. But look, Miami been Ocho they been tempted to fade all year. Think about all the games that they've come from behind and ended up winning. Right? Yeah. In in in those la in that, in that last quarter at the last minute where some of those games They came, they came back on Cal, remember they came back on Cal, it was like three or four teams on show that had 'em dead to right. Yeah. Duke had 'em and they come back and win the game.


You keep me? Yeah. Hey, okay. Yeah, but listen, you know, you know what I am happy about? What's that? As far as the Miami program is, is is concerned. They're back to winning. Yeah, Back to winning. I'm not saying they look like Miami Bowl of the nineties and, and the early two thousands. Oh hell no. They're Back. They getting back to that. Yeah. No. Yeah. They're back to winning consistently. They're back to winning consistently. So yeah. Head coach is doing a really good job over there. But games like this, you need to win. Yeah. The hurricanes deserve to be playing the a c championship. They they deserve that. They they deserve They they they dropped, they dropped the ball today. They dropped the Ball. They didn't earn it though. They deserved to be there but they didn't earn the right to They Yeah, you right, you right. But The ca the Canes ocho you gotta understand the Keyes. They're not gonna get though cut.


I mean you might get won, but you gotta realize what they had in the eighties when they had, they had Jay Boogie, they had Ter Verde, they had Za, they had Highsmith, they had Danny Stubb, they had the para, they had, you know, they had who? They had Benny and Bob. Benny and Benny and Bla The Blaze brothers. Yeah. TheBlaze brother Brett Perryman. It was diff it was different back then. And even, even in early 2000, Michael you may have Playmaker and then when you come to early two thousands when you had Porters and, and Sean Taylor and Ed Reed. It not, It not even fair. It not even fair. Yeah. And John Santana Ma Yeah. So Mall Roscoe man it is not even fair.


Reg D Yeah Reggie that you remember you had Shockey. You had Shockey Greg Olson. You had Glens Lo I second you had Everett another tight end that ended up going to Buffalo in the early round. They they were loaded. They had Dwayne Starks. Hold on. They had an 12 row. Yeah. And this is at every position. Yes. This ain't just steel position. McKennan, carrot Man. Different. It was different. I I they'll never get, get back to that because the NIL has made it that much more difficult. Yes. Much more difficult. Yes. But it's good to see him back on the winning track. It is. Georgia needed eight overtimes ocho to get the 44 42 home win over Georgia Tech in a, in a game that they were favor to win by three touchdowns.


It's the first time the Bulldogs has ever come a 17 point or more deficit since 2006. It's only the second time in the past 20 seasons in which they've rallied for a 14 point deficit in the fourth quarter. Georgia Tech had the game won. Quarterback got a first down, he got hit, he fumbled a ball, they got a seven point lead Ojo, they got the game won. The game is won. All they gotta do is hold onto the ball. That's it didn't That's Come down Jordan down there. Score and eight overtime later it's 44, 42. You see, you think about the record, right? You see what Georgia's take ranked? Yes. You see what Georgia Tech's record is for some, for some reason it's like in the NFL when it comes to playing a divisional opponent, no matter how bad the season is going, for some reason they gonna give you a game.


Yeah. They gonna give you a game. I'm not sure Texas, when Texas does watch this film on what Georgia Tech was able to do, you not gonna sit here and tell me that Georgia Tech players upfront in that skill position, is that much better than those at Texas? No, no, no, no. I'm fine that and I'm not, I'm not believing it. But if they can do what they did to Georgia and making it a game till we had to go to eight overtimes ain't no, ain't no way. Y'all Finn allow a 30 to 15 shellacking like y'all took early in the season. Happen a second time. Not in the championship game. I know better than that. That's gonna be a tough game. 'cause you know Georgia basically at home they playing a Mercedes-Benz.


That's an hour away. Ocho do you know how much black and red is gonna be in that building now I know Texas Travel. Oh they, well they Travel well them Georgia dogs, It's different. They home that's that's out from Athens. Yeah, but you gotta think now we talking about Texas. Yes. They travel well like it's like the Eagles of the Steelers having a place somewhere else in somebody else stadium. They travel Well in Georgia. The Georgia Bulldogs are the Cowboys. Yeah. Okay. I knew you. I knew, I knew you going you right by that. You right by that. Remember we was having that discussion and we talking about well who's the most popular team in the state? What everybody say Bulldogs? Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely Bulldogs.


Most definitely Bulldogs And then the Braves. And then you pick, you can pick whoever you want. You want the Falcons. You want, you want the the Hawks. Right. The MLS team. Them Bulldogs and them Falcons. Number one Bulldogs by a long stretch because the Braves used to be terrible. The brave, brave one Falcon. Well we know the Falcons. Yeah. When they was bad, when they got time, even when they was bad, it didn't matter. Boy. It was a party and they kept that going because now it's a party. You go to the Georgia Dome where Mercedes is not Georgia do, excuse me, Mercedes-Benz Dome.


Now Don, It's a party. And then when they got Vic, Oh man listen, listen. The Michael, the Michael Vick era was an experience uncle. That's What they called it. The Michael Vick Experience. Listen, it was an experience and you had to be there to understand you had to, and this is someone that didn't even play in Atlanta. I was in Cincinnati. But his time in his era was an experience one that can be explained. Yep. Had you watching what he did in the past, it don't do you no justice. No, I was in the city. I Lived there. You had had to be there man. You had to be there. I don't think people understand how great Michael Vick was during that time.


No, especially in Atlanta. Oh my god. It was, it's crazy. I mean he was, he was, he was Lamar Jackson on steroids. Yeah, he was Lamar Jackson on steroids. Yeah. And we know how, how good Al Jackson is. Lamar is. Yeah, he's a two time MVP. He's one of the top two quarterbacks in football. He's one of the three or four best players in all of football. Right. And I'm not saying he's two or three, but boy, hey Michael. Vick was, man It is different. It was, it's different. Know a lot of people won't understand it. 'cause the first thing they'll go to is they'll go to numbers and they'll dissect. Yeah. Listen, we not debating that. Yeah we not, but they debating that.


But when Michael V was playing, when To Michael Be Michael Vick had the, when he had the ball in his hands, you had to be there. It it the kind of player, you know, you just hold your breath. When Reggie Bush was at USC, he's the kind of player when the ball in his hands, you hold your breath. 'cause you don't know what the f gonna happen. When Peter wharf was at Florida State Yeah. And the ball was coming his way or they pun return or, or they threw him a hitch or something. You hold your breath, you don't know what the hell finna happen. Big was. He was, he was something special man. He was something special. Oh, Joe. Looking for a spark to get the team back on track. Stanford is bringing back one of his school's. Legend. Legend, Andrew Luck. Legend to work as a general manager of the football program.


That's dope. Her ES, espn. Pete fll Luck accepted a position that will put him in charge of the entire program and is considered a distinct evolution from one of the traditional roles of co a College general manager and a phone interview with Theo Luck confirmed his new job and the role involves everything Stanford football touches, football wise and business wise. He will also help with fundraising, securing sponsorships, increasing attendance and alumni relationships. Do you like that ocho? Hey, I love the move. I love the mover. Especially putting someone like Andrew Luck in that position. Someone who's had sex, excuse me, someone who's had success, you know, at the NFL level.


Short tenure obviously due to the injuries, but he's a perfect candidate for this. Yeah. He's a perfect person. He's a great, I hate using the word mascot representative for Stanford. What he was able to do and accomplish during his time there. Now with this idea, now you know how I am. I'm all about business. I'm all about branding. I'm all about marketing and I'm thinking in turn for myself and being able to add another job and diversify my portfolio. What do you think about me becoming a GM of two college programs that I can think of that are dear to my heart, where I can also help in the same areas that Andrew Luckin Luck's gonna help at Stanford. Either me getting a GM role at Oregon State, you know, where I can do the same things and offer the same responsibility and be offered the same responsibilities that Andrew Luck is, or general manager at FAMU, lemme Know's a full-time job.


Pardon? And you are not gonna give a pardon? You're not gonna give up your other jobs. That's a full-time job. His responsibility, fundraising, securing sponsorships. I can do that. Creasing attendance and alumni relationships. That's an everyday job. I can do all Four of. I'm not saying that you can't, but I'm saying you can't do those other things. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, I know you can do it. You charismatic, you relatable. Yeah. You can get out there in front of the people. Yes, absolutely. You know how to smooth. Yes. That's Yeah. But you can't do those other things. That's the problem. Damn. Okay. Well that's off the table. That's off the, but I mean, yes, that's off the table.


But, but Kudo, kudos, kudos to Andrew Luck. I think this gonna, this is gonna be good for Stanford. I'm not sure if he can change the landscape of that team as far as the visibility is there. Everyone knows who you are. But in order to bring those students in that you need, you already know, you know, you already know what they're waiting on. Oh, Joe, you gotta understand, you already know what they're waiting on. A lot of those guys that go to Stanford, they trying to be doctors, they trying to be lawyers, they're trying to be businessmen. If if, if I happen to go to the NFL, that's fine. Good. Too fine With me. Right. But I'm trying to be a finance major. A econ ma. A econ, I'm trying to be e-commerce, bro. I mean, come on bro. Do you understand? Look, you go to Stanford, you go to school like the pro what you Georgia Tech.


Yeah. Do you know what their missions are to get into a place like that? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Listen, I I, every Once in a while you'll get a John Elway. Every once in a while you get a Christian McCaffrey or you'll get a, I think John Lynch went to St. Stanford. Hell, you get Andrew luck. Andrew luck. Right. But, but you talking about 50 years and I named four players, right? Yeah. You Right. So you, you everyone think about it. Think about John graduated in 83. Think about before you got another Andrew Luck. How long was that? Long time. Oh, and then you got a Krisa McCaffrey Rose. Yeah. And you, you Hey, them guys ain't getting no general, no General general studies degree.


John was a finance major. Eco. He was either finance or econ. Econ economics get no degree that they get no joke. Right, right, right. I I got me a degree in eligibility. I'm trying to stay eligible. Right. I'm trying to stay, play. Hey, it's, it's hard because school with, with the, with the academia like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's what, that's a no no, bro. You going to know the name Mojo with the Standard. The standard is different. On the standard is different. Yes, it is. It is almost as, as if academic come first. It does Like Stanford.


Yes. T is like dam amongst others. You know, it is understandable Because their biggest alums are not athletes. Nah, They're your Larry Ellisons. They're your, they're your, what's the guy, your Zuckerberg? Not saying they went there, but I'm saying they're guys like that, those, their, their famous alums, they wouldn't pull surprises. They win Nobel Peace prizes in econ and mathematics. Right, Right, right. So Their big, their biggest alumni, like a lot of other schools, maybe their biggest alumni are athletes. And there's nothing wrong with that. Right? But I'm saying when you go to places like Georgia Tech and you go to places like Stanford and you go to Cal Berkeley, you do realize why you're here, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Let's, let's, let's not lose sight of the, we gotta what a, what do they always say? Ocho? You hear a lot of athletes say, just keep the main thing the main thing. When you go to a school like that, the main thing is the main thing. Main thing. Yeah. Most definitely. It's not, it's not a stepping, it is not a stepping stone to the NFL now. Now if I have to make it based on the work that I put in here Yes. And, and I, and I'm able to fall back on that and still have my plan A, which is my academics. Yes. And whatever ma my ma my major may be. Whether it be econ, whether it be finance, yes or so be it. Yes. So be it.


Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom-built T-Mobile private five G network to power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulate Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking.


The holidays are officially here at The Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked Starry light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape. This tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery For details.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house, and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first, and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with the eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it On on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


Did you know there's no Tom at Tom's? The shoe company you know and love. Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with TOMS, the family favorite footwear brand. From Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr goddess slip bombs. Each pair of TOMS is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options so you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear at TOMS dot com.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye And. if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 Day Obsession Fitness and Eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And, if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Jamir Gibbs in the doghouse. He posted a photo of a physician meeting room with schemes on the whiteboard in the background. Okay, hold on. Hey. Okay. I like it. I like it. I like it. But can I tell you something real quick, uncle about this? Yeah. Can I tell you something? Yeah, listen to me real quick. And for y'all in the chat too, listen to me real quick. Even with the schemes and the stuff that's on the backboard, no matter who they playing, when that whistle blow, you gotta be able to stop it. I don't care what you know. Can you stop it when it's time to, you watch film every week. What week? What week are we in the NFL uncle? We in week what? 13 or 14?


Yeah, 13, 14, something like that. Yeah, There's 13 weeks of schemes and films of that goddamn Detroit Lions offense. Yeah, ain't nobody been able to stop it yet. Okay. They have one loss. Ain't nobody been able to stop it yet. 52 points. 52 points, 24 points. I think they just scored 26 if I'm not mistaken. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just running off at the top of the head of the points. They, they be on Thanksgiving. I think they beat Chicago 2320. Oh it was 23? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I understand. I I he probably didn't mean to do what he did and post. Well you what? Let, let me let, let me say, let me, because I can know how accidents happen Being that's accident. You know that is, you know what it is. You don't want nothing like that out there.


It like your playbook, leaving your playbook in a hotel. You don't put Y y'all was allowed to take y'all phones in the meeting room, Your phone. Nah, I don't, nah, I don't take no hell saying even, even if I could, I'm gonna take my phone. Not in the meeting room. No, we Couldn't have no phone. The phones had to stay in the lockers. Right. Well time different now. You know that time different now. Okay. You Right, you're right. My bad. Must be my bad. There was a, there was a reason, there was a reason for him taking the picture. I'm not sure what happened. But listen, that, that stuff on the backboard, that ain't gonna help you beat the, that ain't gonna help you beat the lion. That ain't gonna help you. I'm just telling you. Not when that whistleblower, it's a different ball game. Well, it's a ball game. Well say. I'm gonna say what happened to us. Well, in the divisional guy of the playoffs, we had Tennessee Titans and they somehow got a hold of our playbook and it damn sure helped them.


'cause we couldn't do Jack, we had two play. We ran, we ran, we had, we hit up one time, right. We busted the coverage and I went 57 yards down to the one and Jamal ran it in. We blocked the field goal and Ray ran a kickback. Other than that, we couldn't do nothing. Not, yeah. So it definitely helped. Yeah. I'm not saying it definitely helps Ocho There's, there's a, there's a reason why, there's a reason why the spy gate now all of a sudden the defensive guy got, he got a signal in, he got a, a microphone in his helmet just like the quarterback. People don't do things that don't work, don't you? Yeah. I hear you. What The name? The last time somebody robbed a place that didn't have money or didn't have something of value.


People ain't, people ain't robbing Goodwills and Salvation Armies in soup kitchens Ocho Right. They go, they go and stuff of value. Yeah, I know What you mean. I mean, just be smart son smart in a situation like that. Ocho you know, everything, everything inside that building is sacred. Right. I mean, I don't even, did y'all, I I don't even ocho I ain't gonna lie. O Joe I don't even remember taking a picture inside the locker room, let alone, let alone taking a picture of the, of the, of the board. The stuff that's on the board. Yeah. I've never taken a picture. I never taken a picture inside the meeting rooms and journal. But I got a shitload of pictures in the locker room itself. Now I, I got a lot of them. I got a whole, got a whole lot of them, you know, my teammates, you know, to be able to look back on some of the things like that I don, I'm trying to think.


Did we now they might've now. Like Y'all ain't even had y on wait. Time out, time out timeout. I Just thought, oh know we had the camera phone might've even been out by then. I was Just finna say y'all ain't had no camera phone when you was playing in the seventies. Come on There. We did. Don't joke. I was about to say, I think, I'm trying to think. I'm like, we have camera. Yeah. Y'all ain no camera phone back then. Hell no Man. I I don yo, I remember, I remember the first time I didn't even know anything about text messaging. Right. So I was like, it was Cordell Stewart. Right. That in 2005 because like you could text, I was like, well bro, how you text somebody? Right. Right. Bro, I ain't know nothing about no damn text.


Call me. So how y'all used to, how used to communicate with the chicks back in the back in the day? Payphone call them, Call Them on the pay on the payphone. Well, I mean we had a, we had a community phone in the, in the, in the hall. So you had like four phones that if you press nine you could call out. Okay. You know what I'm saying? You pressed down the dialer number. Dialer number. Yes. Yes. But it had to, it had to be local Right. The way came dial way and the way they communicated with you, they would call and it went to a central location. And so they're like, I'd like to leave a message for Shannon Sharp. My name is such and such. Here's the number having to give a call. And then they would come downstairs and put it in your box. We had mailboxes. So everybody had an individual box that you put and so you have a bunch of, you have notes in there, so forth and so on like that.


It wasn't like it, I don't know how they do it now, don't start me lying now Ocho I don't know how they do it now. Like I said, I've been gone away from the game. Damn. Two, two decades. You know, damn near it is been two decades. So I don't know what the, the, but I guess now you wouldn't need to call you the guy. Everybody has a phone. Everybody didn't have cell phones when I, when I, when I was in the league, everybody have no cell phones. That came towards the end of it. But in the mid nineties, man, them, them calls were like four, $5 a minute. You had a beeper. No, I didn't have no beeper. I didn't You ain't had no beep. I wasn't that important. Ocho I wasn't that important. But like I said, I don't, like I said, I, I know meetings, cell phones weren't allowed in the meetings.


Well, not when I was there. Ocho, once I left, I retired in oh four. So whatever they did after that, I don't know anything about it. So I, I don't wanna speak for something that transpired oh 4 0 5 0 6 moving forward. But I'm saying from the time I was there moving back, there was no cell phones in the meeting room. So that was, man, Mike would've lost his damn mind. Yeah, absolutely. What? Absolutely. Especially during those days. The co the coaches were different. They were, they were a little bit more like rigid. I call it Tom, they were like Tom Kauf Finnish. Yes. That's, that's the only thing I can think of. Barry Bill ish. You know, Hey no nonsense Barry Kirk cousins, excuse me.


Future with the Falcons rides on the next six games per Jeremy Fowler absolute. Absolutely. If he doesn't deliver over the next stretch, the Falcons would explore trading him this off season. Given that they have rookie Michael Pennix Jr. They're like somebody, Tina gonna be like, why we want this contract. Why we got a guy I don know about that. What I don know about that. It's one, it's one, it's one thing about Kirk Cousins. He has always been the afforded that Grace for only having one player win. So they gonna take that contract on. You think so? They they definitely take it on and it, depending on how, and, and, and he's right. Mr. Fowler is right as far as these last five games. And I think even if he does play well these last five games, I think they're ready to move on with Penn Jr.


Anyway. Yeah. Honestly, it's time to get that train rolling. It's time to get that two rolling and most definitely, I'm excited for him. I'm excited for him. I'm excited to see what he can do with Drake, London, and Kyle Pits and be John Robinson. And there's no need for him to sit behind Kirk Cousins for a second year I think. I think it'd be great. 'cause here's the thing. Oh Joe, let's just say I would, if Kirk goes somewhere, do you take Kirk Cousins and then take the rookie quarterback and then have him sit behind him a year and then move it on? I don't I don't like Kirk outside in the cold. Do you like him in New York? I don't.


Wait, what's New York? I know you're talking about the Giants. Yeah, For the Giants. Do you like him there And have Sha door sit behind him for a year? Yeah. Yeah. But, but with his arm, with that achilles, with that cold, with those conditions, you kind of need to arm the court cut through that. Right. Or have a sense or understanding. Okay, now, now, now you just put, you just put a little nugget in my head. Now You Understand what Kirk Cousins can do from the quarterback position, right? When he had the star resealed. Can you imagine Kirk Cousins throwing the goddamn league neighbor? Yeah. The accuracy, the pretty ball. Kirk Cousins throws a catchable ball and will always put it right where it needs to be.


He might not have the strongest arm Protect him, might have the strongest Arm, but it's gonna get where it need to be every time. And he's accurate too. Huh? You gotta protect him though. O look at It. Yeah, that too. But look at, Look at, you wanna put it behind that Giants offensive line Man, listen man, get that ball out his hands fast man. That About what he does. Ball out his hand fast. Hey look at, look at Kirk Cousins in the regular season. Look at the receivers he's had. Look at the receivers he's had and what he's, what those receivers have been able to do with Kirk. With Kirk Cousins at the Hill. I like it from Maek neighbors until Ur takes the reins over. 'cause he he's going to the Giants. You, he's Going to the Giants. Unless the God damn Raiders for some God forsaken reason, are able to climb all the way from wherever they're picking at and come snatch him up.


Now I'm not telling you, I'm not, I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know. Hey, I don't know. Prime might not be Prime might not be too keen on that. I'm just saying. Yeah, I know. I know, I know, I know. You, I believe I believe it in that 'cause they already go back. Right. Shout Sharp said Because You already know where he headed with that. So. Oh yeah. This disregard objection. I object to what Shannon's said. Ahead of tomorrow's showdown against San Francisco, 49 of the bills are asking for fans to sign Up to help shovel snow out of Highmark Stadium.


The deal is pretty simple. The bill will pay $20 an hour, provide food, hot beverage and shovels to those who sign up Lake Effects. No. Buffalo is expected to burn Western New York beginning Saturday with two feet predicted to fall in Orchard Park where the Bill Stadium is located by kickoff ocho. One thing about them and them Joe be signed up too. Oh yeah. They love their, because that's all they got there Don't play. Yeah, because the, the fans love it. Yeah. The fans love It. I think the only thing else they got up there, the, the Brook I think, I think Buffalo Saber, they play hockey up there. I think that's, that's still up there. But boy they love look here, they love their football team. Ocho, I be out there too if I, if I lived in Buffalo, if I was a Buffalo fan.


Have you seen the way they, before the game even starts? Oh yeah. Have you seen what they do in, in the Yes. 90 I played there. I played there 90, 90, 91, 92. Yeah. 93 97. I played there like seven, eight times. I just know what, now that I think about it. Ocho I trying to figure out why we had to play so damn many games there because we played there 90, 91, 94. Right. 97. But we played Buffalo. We played Buffalo a lot too. Damn right. Now that I think about it and we played 'em in the preseason one year. But Ocho they fans, they love their bills.


Good God. Ight do they do they listen. They're fan base that don't get the credit they deserve. They don't. And how much They love their fan base. They love, They, They listen. They get active on. They get active. That's the only word I can think of it. Yes. They get active pre-game during game and after game. They Out. They out Ocho. Oh Ocho they love, oh man, they love, they love they bills man. And don't let them make a play and then just start. Let's go Buffalo low, less gold. Buffalo a little bit softer now a little bit softer now a little bit softer. And they start, boy that stadium, rich Stadium, that thing used to be going crazy.


Jumping. Yeah. Yeah. They be jumping, boy They have 80,000 up in there and them fans going crazy and you know, hotel, we played them. That's, that's the years they going the back to back to back to back Super Bowls. They got Therman, they got Jim, they got Andre Reed lost. They lost Talent. Yes. But before, I already know Boy they Cook it, listen they cook it. They gonna have that stadium cleaned out for that game Sunday. Sure. I guarantee you that. And you notice anytime something happens, Hey somebody who, that who that knocked somebody outta the playoff and they donated money to that person's charity. Somebody get Nick, somebody get hurt.


They donate to that person's foundation. Always Bill Bills fans are, I ain't Got nothing to say bad. The buckle, The classiest, the classy of a, of them all classiest. Oh, Joe Josh Allen next touchdown will make Buffalo Bill's history with his next touchdown rushing or passing. Alan will become the bill's all time leader in touchdown surpassing the great Jim Kelly. That's dope. Alan has been the best quarterback since, has been the best quarterback in December since 2020. In that span. He's first in total touchdowns passing touchdowns and wins.


Look, That's that's loud. I hate it. 'cause the Broncos could have had him, the Broncos should have drafted him. Yeah. And if I'm not mistaken, they drafted Bradley chug to pair with Von Miller. Two outside linebackers. You can keep Vaughn and get a quarterback. Yeah, You gotta have that guy. You gotta have him. I don't care how many great your defense is. You better have a quarterback. You think maybe they didn't like what they saw coming outta Wyoming, right? No. Am I wrong? Yep. Wyoming. Yeah. I think small sample size too, if I'm not mistaken. Huh? Yeah. You know, sometimes, sometimes sometimes Scouts miss, Sometimes you overthink it.


Ocho I mean you took, you took Bronx off Waller, you take packs to Lynch. You taking guys like that, guys that are not e even if you just say, you know what, he's not the most accurate. His ability to run the football. Yeah. That's what makes him, you talking about a man that's 250 pounds that can run like he can run. Yeah. Matter of fact, whatever, whatever discrepancies you might have with his game, especially from a a throwing standpoint. Throwing standpoint. Oh we could work on that. Yes, we could work on that. And he has the arm. Look, Look at the foundation. Look at the foundation. You have the, you have to work with and build with. That's that's, I'm You can take it from there.


Take it from there. Look how he's turned out in Buffalo. He has the arm. Because in order to play an upstate buffalo, you gotta have an arm. Yeah, you got to. 'cause guess what, the Jets they play outside New England. You play outside. So you put him in Denver. Get you are outside. Kansas City is outside. You really need arm because a lot of the teams that you're gonna potentially face Kansas City, outside Baltimore, outside, outside the Steelers, outside Buffalo outside. So your quarterbacks are gonna have to be able to deal with the elements. Yeah, because those El City stadium, not only does it get cold, the wind blows. Yeah.


So you might have ocho, you might have snow gust and bone. Bone Crutching crunching cold. Oh yeah. I'm talking about 10 below, 15 below with Gust Up to 20, 30 miles an hour. I sure wish we'd drafted him, but we not gonna get him down because Buffalo let them go. Nah, Absolutely. We not getting But I like old Bo. We got old Bo. Yeah, Bo. Hey Bo playing well Bo playing real well. Very well for a rookie. I'm not sure if it's Bo Nicks or I. Don't know o if I'm not sure. It's the Quarterback Whisperer and Sean Payton. But somebody doing something.


I'll give you some Bo buddy. Ho bo ho bo bo bo. Yeah. You know they gotta play the Bengals right? Don't you worry about that. You were, you got, don't you got fish and fry tomorrow? Who y'all play tomorrow? Who? The Bengals. Then who do we play? Oh, we play the Stealer. We finna win that game. Oh yeah. That's l We play the Steelers. We, we play the Steelers. Can y'all see that Chad l like this L We play, we play the Steelers. You won't, you won't be now. LM You won't bet Now Aren't I don Cho. You owe me so much money now, man.


Damn. Hold on. Listen, listen. Whatever I owe you, I'm gonna pay you when we get to the tour in February in in Su at Super Bowl at the live tour, I'm gonna pay you live on stage. Whatever. I That's How, why can I get my money down? I Huh? Why can't I get my money now? I gotta collect it first. Who? Hell Who collect it from him For all these goddamn damn jobs I got. Well you know what I'ma tell inside the NFL. I'ma tell Apple. I'ma tell everybody y'all just wait till February. Wait till y'all, we get on the tour, y'all pay. That's how he paying me. Y'all pay him like that.


The Volume


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa two Whoa, two whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Abercrombie's Best sale of the year is on this year. Their Black Friday sale is 25% off everything. Plus use code Black Friday A and F for an extra 15% off for me. Black Friday comes with two goals, updating my closet and getting my holiday shopping done. When it comes to gifts for the fam, it's gotta be the viral pieces I see on TikTok NFL by Abercrombie and the essential Popover hoodie. I'll be getting myself a new winter coat. Use code Black Friday a NF for an extra 15% off your haul shop abercrombie's Black Friday sale in the app online or in store.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to experience the world like no one else. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you have special access to a collection of unforgettable events. From concert backstage passes and courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining wellness retreats and more. All available by using your miles. Now is your moment to unlock more once in a lifetimes and find an experience for you on delta.com/sky Miles experiences, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.