
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC, terms and more@applecard.com.


Super quick question, how many tabs do you have open right now? If you're like me, it's dozens, and if you're running a business, it's a lot more. And with all those tabs, you're spending more time searching and less time, you know, growing your business. But HubSpot's customer platform brings all your tools into a single powerful place for marketing, sales, and service teams. So close those tabs and get growing. Visit hubspot.com to get started today.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bs.com. Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video pmo. This week, one of the NFL's best rivalries takes center stage as the San Francisco 49 ERs face the Seattle Seahawks.


What A great Job coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the 49 ERs and Seahawks Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details. State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when an unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor.


State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network work. The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. Defense. We don't care how you score em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as, as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho Anthony Richardson talked about being injury prone. Let's take a listen to what AR had to say. Damn, People might say you're injury prone. What's your response to that? Or how do you feel about that labor? I mean, it's football. I'm pretty sure if they got off the, you know, got out the house and came out here and got hit by somebody that's running 20, 20 plus miles per hour, you know, every week, you know, I'm pretty sure they'll be sore, dealing with injuries as well. So, you know, people gonna talk. You know, that's, that's what people do. So, and I'm not necessarily worried about, I'm just trying to focus on getting better day by day. I had, I had a coach told me once, What'd you Think o the best ability is availability.


We know it's a game of football where everybody running 20, 25 plus miles per hour is a contact sport. Well, if you know that, get down. It's a, it is a contact sport. You gotta be able to protect yourself, especially at the quarterback position now because you good last year because you're injured now, you might have a hip injury or angle, whatever it may be, they're gonna call you entry prone Yes. Stick. And that la that label is gonna stick, especially if it starts early on in your career. So you just gotta find a way to protect yourself. Man. Listen, Anthony Richardson is a special talent. He has a special talent. He has, he has a chance, an opportunity to change the structure of that coach franchise. You know, not saying he gonna be Peyton Manning, but he has a chance to get it going in the right direction with a, along with the other young quarterbacks like Jay, the Ja, the Jayden Daniels, the CJ Strauss.


We just need him on the field. We need him on, we need him on the field healthy and, and and upright. So I'm hoping, I'm hoping he has a speed of recovery. But right now, based on what we've seen in the past two seasons, you would be just that injury prone. And I'm, I'm not Ocho this Ocho this is where I'm gonna have to disagree with you. Football is not a contact sport. What is it? Football is a collision sport. A collision is part of is contact when two things collide, that's contact. See, contact is minimal. Right. People collide. I like It. Football, I heard somebody best describe football this way. Football is a lot like nuclear warfare. There are no winners, only survivors.


Ooh, Wait. What my, You don't win at football. You survive the game. You survive football. Because Think about it, you say if somebody ran into you at 20 miles an hour, but you think about this, people are running in you at 20 miles an hour over and over and over and over and over and over again. Mm. 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50 times a game. Yeah. That's what I tell people. You wanna know what it's like to play NFL football. Go to Lowe's and get your hard hat and put on your biggest coat and get 10 yards away from your garage. Get five yards away from your garage and run into it as hard as you possibly can. 20 times.


Okay. Now do it again 30 times and then do it again 40 times. And I tell you what, just for good measure, come back and do it again on Thursday because you got a short week. Mm. Now you know what it's like to play football and everybody talking about he's soft. He's soft. You wouldn't last one day. Yeah. Let alone a season. So stop it. Yeah. I love how people tell about he's soft, bro. You don't know what soft is. You soft for the drug stole cotton. Yeah. All y'all out there bumping them guns. Yeah. So I Oh, he soft? Yeah, he soft. He's scared, bro. There's a reason why you on your couch talking how you were scared.


Now you now you know, now you know what? I had to go through two times a year against the Ravens. Two times. Yeah. Against the Steelers. Yes. But you know, unc, I was able to do it without getting injured for years. Can I tell you Yes. Can I tell you why I never got hurt? What? Nutrition? Ojo the same way. People that never drink get cancer. Mm. The same way. People that do eat certain things, there are certain people that eat, eat or eat whatever and never get a disease. Right. Yeah. But there are some people that eat every and boom. So ain't no rhyme or reason O choke.


Yeah. It ain't it ain't it ain't You? What about, what about the people that don't smoke and get cancer? Get lung cancer. Yeah. Get throat cancer. And there are people that smoke been smoking 70 years, take their last breath. Oh, well he had a cigarette in hand. Some people, you, some people smoke 70 years or choke and never get it. Yeah. And there are people, there are people that never smoke a cigarette, cigarette or cigar. Never drank anything. I just stopped trying to figure out why. Look, this the way it's intended to be. Hey, let me make the most of my time while I'm here. But Anthony Richardson, you are gonna have to learn how to get down because you never gonna be big enough to run over those guys.


They'll break you, bro. Yeah. They'll break you. I understand you Four. You 6 5, 2 44 and you ran 4, 4, 4, 5. Yeah. He gonna be o he gonna be all right though. He gonna be all right. Get him healthy. Stay on that field. He gonna be all right. Ojo. He gotta protect himself. Yeah. I mean, act, act what? They gotta stop. I'm blocking for you. Hold on. Ocho just like me. I'm blocking for you Ocho on the jailbreak screen. Okay. Once you break that and you see all them three guys, osha go, go down man. Come On now. But listen, the coaches got the coaches gotta saving from himself. Stop fucking running them.


Stop calling plays where he's, where he's run first. They, they, they got, they got to change some of the play calling. You know, I understand that you can take off because nobody's open. That's one thing. But design, play runs. I think when he got hurt, if I'm not mistaken, that might have been a design play run. I, if I'm not Mis No, he wrote, he scrambled on that one. But no, the what, what actually he got hurt to play before, because remember he got Olympic, he scrambled Right. And got up to play before. And then the next one was a quarterback run, was a design run. See what I mean? Yeah. See what I Mean? If I'm a Defender, that's on the goddamn coach. Yes. If I'm a defender, they, if he don't, if he ain't protect me, why the hell should I Yeah, they the run that's running you, I'm would try to drop helmet on you.


Yeah. Every time. Yes. So a ar thank yourself bro. Protect yourself. They're not, they not, they're not going to protect you. They going, they go, because think about it, they go a whole game. They already done saying they can't put, they can't in the pocket. They gotta put a blanket and get a nice little pillow and lay you down. They can't dump you like they used to. So once you get outside that pocket and you get past that line of scrimmage, boy they trying to Ooh, ooh, ooh. Boy's head hunting out there, man. Yeah, For sure.


I know I would. Yeah. I mean, hey look, listen, the, the, the rules are already in the offensive favor. So, eh, you know the rules, if I'm a defender, They wanna keep the star quarterbacks on the field. Well, it's your job. It's the, it's their, it's the offensive coordinator job and it's his job to stay on the field because if you break that line of scrimmage, I'm trying to split your mofo down. Yeah. I'm trying to, because that greatly increases my chance of win. Hey, I'm just, I'm hitting you as hard as legal. I look, I don't want people to misconstrue this. I'm never gonna hit anybody cheat unless you hit me cheat.


Yeah. Then I'm gonna get you back. Yeah. I'm gonna get my lick back. I just want you to know I'm gonna get my lick back. Yeah. But in that situation, I ain't gonna hit him Cheat. Yeah. But boy Rob Gronkowski thinks Bill Belichick would go to the Jags if the position opens up. Hell no. Rock said, I think Coach Belichick would pick up the phone if Jacksonville call and they had a head coaching vacancy. Would Jacksonville be a good landing spot for Coach Belichick? Absolutely. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. I think the Giants is the first priority. He loves the Giants. He, he knows John Marrow. He was very familiar with his dad, Wellington, who started the Giants Risk and sold Mr.


Mar. Yeah. I think he's very, he that's the place. I think the Giants the Jas now it all depends though, Joe. That's the only thing that's available. No, he's not going, he's not going to the Giants either. Bill Belichick is not putting himself in the same situation he was in when Tom Brady left the Patriots. Oh. He he ain't got no quarterback. Yeah, Because he, he right back. You put yourself right back in the same, the same shit hole. Same. Well Where the hell he going? That got a good quarterback. People that got good quarterback, the bakers ain't gonna be available. Who Said he was leaving? Nobody said he wanted to coach again. He didn't say that. Damn. You gonna just cough and they ain't gonna cover your Mouth. Oh my bad. I'm at home.


My bad. Damn, my bad. Yeah, that's the Air freshing. The little air fresher you bought me you want Then aint got nothing to do with you. Cover your mouth. What I'm saying? It just sprayed. It just sprayed and it and it and it came over you. You wanna see it? No. Well yeah, I see the air fresher, but damn. You done cold now. Hell, I might got my bad. Got you. Ain't got nothing. Bring me the air fresher baby. Huh? Man, you know the joke down there in Liberty City, ain't no telling what they carry. We Ain't got nothing down here. We ain't got nothing to happen. Yeah. But but again, that to get back on topic. Excuse me. My bad, Chad, my bad. But to get back, get back on topic. You know the Jags or the Giants there, there wouldn't be two places. Look at the quarterback situation with the Jag. Trevor Lawrence, I mean obviously right now is, is not playing good football.


He's probably gonna get his coach fired. Players get coaches fired. He's probably gonna need Coach fired at some point. True. The Giants. Oh. We know how that situation is going. Malik Neighbors is, Hey, he nasty. He's their Oh, They got, they got Tilbert old, they got Dexter, Lawrence, they got some decent players. Yeah. Oh, you got Thomas had left Tackle. You need a quarterback. I a a consistent quarterback to win. You've been loving Daniel Jones. What You've been loving Daniel Jones? I Ain't say nothing about Daniel Jones. Now. I said Malik nap Ain't, ain't nobody this you, I said Malik Neighbors has saved Daniel Jones. He saved him. I mean he Daniel Jones.


I mean Daniel Jones. Malik Naples has been there for two days and he's the best goddamn player on the field. Yeah, on the camera. Huh? Asking what they think about you coughing on like, that Wasn't even a cough like that. It was just a Yeah man, man y'all dunno, Ocho boy died in Liberty City, baby Ocho Ocho man. That aint no boy died in Liberty City. Say a a monkey had Ebola beat a dude down in Liberty City and the monkey died.


So what? Here We breaking that stuff here baby. Don't do that. Don't do that. Man. You there coughing that made cough. It was, it was more, it was, listen, it was more of a sneeze than a cough though. That Yeah. Yeah. Think about it. Sneeze come out at 200 miles an hour everybody. Yeah. But in just me, I'm at home. I came through the camera, but I had to spray myself. I had to spray up. Nah, nah, nah. Ain't nothing wrong with me. Ain't nothing wrong with me. I'm good. I'm good. I feel better now. I'm a life all day. So it's just funny the fact that I'm in the comfort of my own home.


If I was out in public, I would've like right away. Yeah. But I ain't out of Bill. Bill ain't Bill ain't coming out. Bill ain. Bill ain't doing that. Ocho Yeah. Christian McCaffrey's dad, ed, ed who I played With over training, caused the tendonitis. Ed said tendonitis is an over training injury. Meaning you're training too hard or doing too much and it turns into tendonitis. Mm. If, if I would say that to Christian has a weakness is that sometimes he has to protect himself from himself in terms of training too much and doing too much. Remember I talked about ocho a lot of these injuries because guys don't give their bodies enough a time to re to recover, recover to repair itself.


Yeah. Yeah. You, you did say that. See, I don't, I don't know much about tendonitis. I don't know much about over training because I mean, quiet is kept God, You ain't do it. Yeah. I mean I, I don't think I, I don't think I overtrained, but I think I did put no the, the body through the ringer to make sure it's able to withstand its 16 game season. Especially on our day when we were actually playing what I like to call real, no disrespect. I like to call it real football. Yeah. I, I I think the thing is Ocho I think the thing is is that you got, like, when an athlete, most athletes when they're trained, I'm trying to like, I'm trying to get to a point, right?


Like, okay, I'm ready to go. And then when the season, man, these guys, they, they peaking in in May in June for what? Yeah. Way too Soon to see them starts in September. Way too soon. Yes. Take some time. Let your body recover. I mean, these guys, they take off. Oh, I'm back training. I'm back in the lab, bro. Yeah, I get it. I I, I get it. But bro, you gotta let your body, you gotta let your body heal Ocho you gotta let that thing Yeah. That by a, even though it's more, probably more mental now than physical. It's still a physical game now, don't they?


They still play tackle football. They just don't tackle, they don't allow 'em to tackle like they once did. Right. And I get it. I I got no problem with that. You understand? The more you know, the better you can help, you can help a sport. They know more now. Right. They know what c where the collisions come from. They understand that the, the, the, the, the concussions, a lot of them happened more like 30, 40, 50% happen on the kickoff. Right. Hence that's why they went to the kickoff. Right. Like they did. And you see coach commissioner Goodell is talking about bringing the, putting the ball at the 35. Right. Instead of the 30. Because, because here we are what, week four and we've only had one return with that.


That new, that new kickoff, new format. Yeah. Yeah. I, I get it. Like I said, you know, ed Ed was a guy that, that took care of his body, spent a lot of time in the cold tub. He got massages, he stretched. So he, he know. And Ed was tough 'cause Ed took some shots. Some of those shots that Ed took. Hell, I probably, probably would've played by eight or nine years taking some of the shots that he took. 'cause he threw caution to the wind. Yeah. He would go and get, you know, make a play on the football. And it's frustrating for him. 'cause he knows, you know how, you know his son wants to be, he's very unique. It's been a while that we had a white running back. That was the best running back. Right. That didn't had to happen. Ocho that had to happen in that three decades.


Yeah. Four decades. Yeah. It's been a while. You gotta go back to John Riggins. Yeah. That you had a white running back. Larry, Larry Johnson. That was the best running back. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And that's what cmac is. I've known him his whole life before he even knew himself. I knew him. And so it, it's tough to see. 'cause I know how much he cares. I know how much he puts into it in the correct. And not to be able to, not to be able to, to play. But the thing is what he has to understand, bro, you just need to be like 90% when you get to the season. So that way, bro, they gonna run you bro. They gonna, they gonna get it outta you. Oh yeah. They gonna get you 20 Karas and you gonna catch another five to eight.


Yeah. So you go get 25. 25 damn near 30 touches a game. Yep. And he, he and SA blow out and now you got a quality backup. So they really could like, oh man. They could really say cmac until later in the season. Because I think it's, what's his name? Jordan Mason. Jordan Mason. Mason Jordan Mason. Yeah. Jordan Mason. Okay. Yeah. Jordan Mason. He's good. He's good. So, but I just hope I, I just hope he can, the tendonitis goes away. They said, I guess he, the, you know, probably another four to six weeks. God Damn. It's tough O Joe. I ain't gonna lie bro. You ain't never had it. But what I tendonitis woo.


I had it in my knee. Yeah. I've had a couple times in my elbow 'cause I dislocated my elbow. Right. And sometimes it, it'll, it'll, you know, it'll flare up. I, like I said, I had it in my Achilles and my right Achilles in 1989. That was my senior year in college. You know, they put a little medicine up under the skin. Dang. They wouldn't do that now. They wouldn't do that now. Lemme Knock. I just wanna thank, I just wanna thank God man for, for blessing me, man. 'cause man, let me knock on wood. I, I ain't never,


Hey, it's Austin James. Yes, I'm living with diabetes, but it doesn't have to define me. Thanks to the Freestyle Libre three plus sensor, I get real time glucose readings throughout the day. The Freestyle Libre three plus sensor is small and easy to wear. Giving me the freedom to focus on my life as a parent and a musician. Now this is progress. You can get a free sensor@freestylelibre.us. Offer available for people who qualify. Visit my freestyle.us to see all terms and conditions, certain exclusions, apply data on file, diabetes care, or prescription only. Safety info found at Freestyle Libre us.


We all know just because gifts for loved ones can look like flowers a spa day or maybe even planning date night. But what about something that will truly last and protect your loved ones along the way? I'm talking about life insurance. I called select quote to secure our coverage and couldn't believe how easy and affordable it was. I'm 40 and my $500,000 policy was only $16 a month. My husband's also 40 and his $500,000 policy was only $18 a month. And with their same day coverage, there was no medical exam required. And, we were covered by the time we hung up with monthly payments, less than the cost of a bouquet of flowers. This is the perfect time to make sure your family is protected. For Your free quote, go to select quote.com. Select quote.com. That's select quote.com. It's never too late. To secure affordable coverage through select quote, show your loved ones, they're your top priority by protecting their future. Go to select quote.com to get your free quote today. Details on example rated select quote.com.


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino, I can play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo Juba. Live the Tumba life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tumbacasino.com. btw room, no purchase. Necessary void, prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.


Hey, it's Jody Sweeten and Andrea Barber from How Rude Ritos thanks to Hyundai. We recently took an epic road trip to this year's iHeartRadio music festival in Vegas. We got to explore a couple of weird and interesting spots along the way and even recorded a special episode in the car for you guys. So take a listen. Maybe think I kissed you. Oh yeah, we kissed. We kissed Season one. Yep. That Was a great moment. Yeah, I gotta say That was, there you go. It's so weird because like I've known you so long it was comfortable. Five is from Elena. Okay. Did you guys ever have a crush on any guest stars who appeared on the show? Come on, give us some juice. Tommy page. Really? Really? It was really your crush. Well, I did. I randomly, no, you know what, it wasn't my crush. It was like I, I was whatever It was like the last season, right? Yeah. Well, yeah, I think so. So I Think I was like 14. I was like, oh, he's cute. I dunno. I just thought he was like cute. You know, it was the, the waiter at Sizzler had my attention, you know, it didn't, like, it didn't, didn't take much, you know. Oh, I have to answer the question too. Okay. Guest stars that I had a, you know, I was so obsessed with New Kids on the Block. This episode is presented by Hyundai.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man City, Royal Madrid, Barcelona, enter and ac Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Aventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament. If champions, playing Champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win because nobody watches UA for Champions League like us. Stream every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports. And sign up today,


Ocho, you and James Harrison about to go three rounds. I'm fighting James Harrison in an exhibition MMA format Three rounds about New Orleans before the Super Bowl. Yeah, I'm so, I'm so excited. Debo said it is five rounds. Ocho, I'm gonna beat your ass in round one, so don't have to worry about the other four. I'm standing on business. Yeah, I mean, I mean listen, listen. I mean James, James Harrison is, is is I consider him a, a a a friend of mine. Yeah. A a great competitor. One of one of the most fiercest defensive players of all time. Yes. Unbelievable, crazy animal-like training regimen. And I just, I I I owe him my ass whooping.


And just for that, you know, I, I challenge him to A-M-A-A-M-M-A fight. He thinks because of his size, because of being strong, that really means nothing. So in the octagon, I'm probably going to probably beat his ass. Just being honest. You gonna tackle him out? Yeah. 'cause what he's gonna probably, I can tell you what he gonna do because I'm because of my size, he gonna be aggressive. He gonna rush in, you know, not understanding my groundwork is, is impeccable similar to that of Khabib. You know, and I'm would probably choke his ass out with a guillotine that that's what gonna happen. Listen, he doesn't, he doesn't have the Marshall, the martial arts background that I do. O Joe. I'm not so sure that if you get him on the ground, you can keep him there.


It doesn't, unc you don't understand you. He has no groundwork. Like I, I perfected and mastered my craft in different strategies and techniques in martial arts. Man. And, and moti. I'm gonna beat the shit outta James Harrison. Unc Muay Hai. Muay Hai. That's what I said. I said Muay Hai. Okay. I thought you said Mohai. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I thought you Talking about Motie And, and, and I got people all on, you know, all on Twitter talking about, oh, he going beat you. Have you ever seen him training? Like, have y'all ever played a competitive sport? There was always a disadvantage depending on position that you play, based on people's size and strength. That shit don't mean nothing when it's me and him in that octagon.


Oh. I'm telling you. Remember the story of David and Goliath. That's what it's gonna be. That that's what, that's, that's what it's gonna be. And a lot of people underestimating Aki. Yo, tell Ojo I'm putting my money on Deebo. But don't tell Ojo. Hey, listen, if you a betting man and you put your money on Deebo, well you gonna, you gonna be mad. You gonna be mad? You saw the movie Troy? Don't tell him Don't tell Ojo though. Yeah, Ojo. I believe you got it. Yeah. All right, Joe. I'm putting, I'm putting all my money on Depot.


Yeah, Ocho, I believe I, yeah, I think you gonna choke you about, I Hope, I hope you believe in your co-hosts. I I would hope you don't go against you, I believe. Oh, I got you bro. Hey, I ride with Ocho all the way. Yeah. Listen, I have a set of skills, a set of skills that I perfected through hours and hours and years and years and lifetime training in combat sports. You know, once I get him on the ground and, and I'm able to, to, to, That's my point. What Hell, if I could get a gate on his back, if I could get his mouth closed, I could beat him. Hold on. Well, you have to understand, I know what he's going to do.


He's going to be aggressive. He's going to rush. 'cause he, you don't wanna, you don't wanna stand up with me. If he's stand up with me, man, I'm, I'm gonna just, I'm a pop, pop, pop. Get up outta there, pop, pop, pop. Get him up outta there. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Hey, you hear me? He don't wanna stand here. Don't wanna stay. Listen, he don't wanna go toe to toe. So he has to take me to the ground. He don't have the ground game. He don't have the groundwork or he is not gonna have the stamina or the cardio to hang with me. That's how Noma beat his ass. And that's what gonna happen. I think you got Mojo. So James Harris, you got this And. if you, if we see each other before the fight in February in New Orleans, it's on site. On site. That's what I'm talking about.


On site. Don't, don't you want, don't you wanna make it to the the fight. I'm gonna make it to the fight. What you think he, what do you think he gonna, he gonna, he gonna whoop me in person? Nah, I got you Ocho. I, i, I, I would hope you do, I would hope everybody in the chat also has me as well. And stop looking at people because of their sides and thinking they can, they can whoop you. It's, it's not the size of the dog and the fight. It's the size of the fight and the dog. Fuck y'all thought? Oh, he big. Oh, he strong. So what he put his fucking pants on the same way I do one leg. Matter of fact, I put my pants on three legs at a time.


I don't know what he do. Yeah, But his pants cut Mickey mouth though. Hey, hey, that boyfriend to get this work. And the funny thing about it, like the bigger they are, part of they fall, baby Chad. Y'all just make sure y'all with me, man. Y'all make sure y'all with me. Hey. Yeah. You might need all these 30,000 he fans with you to get deebo off, off your ass. Nah, Man. I'm telling you man. I'm telling you. I'm good. You'll see I'm a surprise. Jerry Jones has a flare footage dramatic. And he showed it once again while he's the most high profile owner. Jerry Jones ride the team practice facility by helicopter and landed on the field. As the helicopter landed, Cowboys players and staff stopped what they were doing and cleared the field, watched Jared Jones made his dramatic arrival.


See what I'm saying? Ocho See no, see what you're saying? You see what I'm saying? We, we, we talk about, you know what I'm, I'm sick of saying the same thing. You can't be the center of attention. You can't want all the attention. I think every owner also has a helicopter. I think every other owner also owns a yacht. I think every other owner, especially the Hunt family who continues to win all the time, you know, year in, year out, I don't see 'em in front of the camera. I don't see them landing their helicopters on the goddamn field. You wanna minimize all the distractions. So your players, your coaches, your staff, and everybody can focus on the task at hand.


But here we go. Let me go land the helicopter on the field. You could man. I'm, I'm gonna let you Yeah, maybe. You Know what, look, I keep saying the same thing man. He Yeah, I, I, you, you told me he gonna do things his way and this is the prime example of just that. What's the cowboy? What's the Cowboys record right now? They two and two, right? Oh, they two and two. Oh, they they five? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Lost to New Orleans and they lost to Baltimore. That's right. And then they beat the Giants and they just beat somebody the other day. I forget who they beat the other day. I don't know man. I'm, I'm gonna sit down and talk with Jerry, myself, man. Oh, they beat Cleveland.


Remember they beat Cleveland. Oh, that's Right's, right. First. Yeah. And they beat the Giants. Yeah. And then they lost to, they lost to the Saints and they lost to the Ravens. That's crazy. Travis Hunter went on destroying his podcast. Yeah. And said he wishes he could stay in Colorado and play for the Broncos because of the love the community has shown him. He says neighbors leaves signs before the game and watch his dog when he's on the road. That's dope. That's live. That's live. It is. I mean, hey, look, that's one thing. Bronco country, they, Hey, They, they they love you. Huh? They love What? Oh my God. They love, they look, he obviously, he's, he's a phenomenal player.


Phenomenal player. Did you see that? Did you see that goddamn picture of him? That video of him playing basketball? Oh yeah. He got some. Yeah, he can elevate boy, but I could just imagine if he was a, if he played for the Bronco. Yeah. Lord have mercy. And could you imagine him and Pastor Jr one, one on one side? Travis, I on the other, They lock it down for sure. They're lock it down for sure. But unfortunately, I don't know the Broncos. I mean, I don't think the Broncos, I don't think the Broncos would take a, I mean he, they obviously ain't nobody passing. Yeah. You, you don't pass him a player like that. Unless you, unless you know, you know you need a quarterback.


You know, because all things being equal though. I'm always gonna take a quarterback. I don't give a damn how. I don't care. I need a guy that's gonna score the points. Quarterback because he touched the ball too much. Yeah, He touched the ball too much. But even sometimes the person that touched the ball too much can also put you in harm's way. As we've seen so far. Obviously all, all quarterbacks are created equal. But I give you a choice. Patrick Mahomes, the Travis Hunter. Oh, come on now you just Talk Josh A Josh Allen or Travis Hunter Lamar Jackson or Travis Hunter Jane Daniels or Travis Hunter, CJ Stroud or Travis Hunter Dak Press, Gott. A Travis Hunter. You see Daniel Jones or Travis Hunter Man.


Huh? Trevor Lawrence. Travis Hunter. But here's the thing though, Ocho, you see, you see I don't Ocho here's the thing. I don't believe had Daniel Jones not gone to Duke and been to and been coached. David Cutcliffe, coach Peyton and Coach Eli. Yeah. So you got two number one overall picks. Right? That was coached by him. You know, the scouts, oh, this guy has an arm better than Peyton and Eli. This guy's more athletic than Peyton. Eli. This guy sees the field. He's bigger, he's stronger a lot, lot, a lot. Ooh. But you heard what David k Cliff playing now he coached Peyton and Eli. Now he would know if anybody would know same thing.


If Rel said something about you now, you know, REL gonna know now. She been with it for five years. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. See you see how that go Ocho. See, so somebody that has coached two guys, one Super Bowl, MVPs, super Bowl, MVPs. Now he's coaching somebody else and he says, oh, as far as talent, I think he might have more talent. Right? I'm not saying he's going to be Peyton Manning, but could he be Eli Eli was a two time Super Bowl winner. Right. Gonna go to the hall of Fame. So yeah, Trav man, he, he's, he's phenomenal. Yeah. Nice. He's phenomenal. Hopefully he's enjoying, hopefully he's enjoying his time off there on the bi week this week.


Coach Joe and then they come back at home against Kansas State. Yeah. I'm, I'm going to that game. I'm, I'm you going to the game? Yeah, I'm, I'm that game. Travis talked about NIL saying it's not about the NIL, it's about the NFL. If I would've went somewhere else, I could've gotten major amount of money. You see where I'm at with the best coach that's going to put me in the best situation. I love that time has made it abundantly clear. The young man said he wanted to play offense and defense time gave him that opportunity. Right. Because he didn't wanna rob him of his a be god-given ability. Right Now all I can do is do what? He's under my tutelage. Let him play offense and defense.


I you once he goes to the next level, Hold On, go ahead. I think if he went anywhere else outside of Colorado, you think they would've allowed him to play, they would've allowed him to play offensive? I don't think so. Don't think so? I don't think so. Nope. Nope. I don't think so. Not lemme say don't, don't wouldn't allow him to play. I don't think they'll allow him to play damn near every snap on offensive. Oh, The way. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Would they put a package together and let him play? Right. Sure. But you think about Ocho, if they're playing, he's playing 120, 130 snaps a game. Right? He's missing 10 snaps a game.


Right. And 140 play game. 140 snaps a game. He's missing 10. Nah, no, I don't believe so. I don't, because if you look at Charles Woods, he was, he was a defensive player that got snaps on the offensive side. Right. Champ was primarily a defender that got snaps on the offensive side. Miles Jack was an off defensive player, but he did play some of offense. They let it play running back. Right. But not to the level of what Trav is doing. Travis is playing, damn, he's playing 65 66 snaps on a 70, 70, 72 play offense.


And then he is playing 60 plays and a 62 and a 65 68 play defense. Right. It's crazy. Yeah, it is. Yeah. The, the, the numbers, it's crazy. Ocho The numbers are staggering. And then he's, he's able to be efficient on both sides of the ball, which is, listen, it's, it's not unheard of, but, but doing it at the rate he's doing it is commendable. Caitlyn Clark with one vote shy of being a unanimous WNBA rookie of the year, she received 66 of the 67 votes from the panel of national reporters and sports writers. The long vote came, the long vote cast for Clark went in favor.


Okay. Excuse me. Reese, the long vote cast not in favor of Clark, went to Angel Reese. The vote kept Clark from becoming the WBAs fifth ever unanimous rookie of the year. Who Was the voter? Do you know? Anybody know? Always gonna get out and they're gonna find out. It's just like somebody the that left Ken Griffey Jr. Off the ballot when it came to Hall of Fame. They took it, they took it. They're like, bro, you gonna leave the guy off the ballot? You ain't even said okay. You just say, you know. Right. You left him off the ballot. Right. Right. I mean, those, those si situations like that you think it's probably something personal, huh?


I mean, I don't know how you come to the conclusion that she wasn't the unanimous MVP, she got a team into the playoffs when they hadn't been to the playoffs, I think since 2016 or 2017. Right. Led 'em in scoring. She led, she led the in, she led the rookies in scoring. She led 'em in assist. She averaged like 6, 5, 6 rebounds a game. She set record for scoring rebound assist. I mean, three pointers. Three pointers make, let's not get into it. Yeah. Because all it's gonna do, it's like, you know, people got their all this and all that. Right, right. All I know when they got out of the, when they got eliminated from the playoffs, the attendance dropped. Right. The ratings dropped.


Now I wouldn't need to know because they, oh, it's the old guard and it's this and a that. So why, so what what's the reason now? Because they try to give you every other reason. Right? Right. Why so now give me the reasons why she's gone. Is the old guard still watching? Why aren't these fans if it's more, if it WNBA is more, it's and I get it. Why aren't they, why, why aren't people watching You? You say the rate, the ratings have dropped since, since fever have been eliminated. Yes.


Look at the attendance. When the fever play your favorite team and look at the attendance when they don't only the, only the ACEs sell out every game. Right. They got four Olympians. They got Asia, Wilson, unanimous, MVP, they got Kelsey Plum, who's the number one overall pick. Asia Wilson was the number one overall pick. Jackie Young was on the Olympic team. Chelsea Gray was on the Olympic team. Right. I just, I don't get it. You think I, man, I'm so happy for payback Pat McAfee because what he did is to show what could be done.


What is possible. Yeah. Why would I ever be mad at that? He did it. I could do it too. That's how I look at something new joke. Right. Right. I don't begrudge. Oh, she getting all, he getting all the credit. Man. P Mac wasn't the first one to have no podcast. He ain't blah. No. Get that money P back. Oh, so somebody really do got that kind of money to pay. Yeah. Oh, it sat there. Let me get something of it then. Let me find out a way. Let me huddle my team. Right. You know, the first, the first people to huddle was gall your dad, you know, they was the first dude they created the huddle. Right. Because they didn't want people to see their signs.


Mm. So they got in the huddle so they could do their signs and you couldn't steal. Right. So that's where the football huddle came from. Let me huddle my team. Okay. This is what he did. And parlay it into that. I ain't look at it. Oh, there was so many black people. There were so many black people that had podcasts before. P Matt. All I know is that what he did is that he opened it up and let, let you see what could be possible digitally. Right. For an athlete. Yeah. Joe Rogan was in the game. Long time there other people that had podcasts, but we had a football player, a punter, not a quarterback, not a hall of famer, not a 5, 8, 10 time Pro Bowl player, a punter.


He says, you know what, get a camera. Give me a little crew. Boom, boom, boom. We can do it organically. We can go to the people, we can talk, we can be who we, we can be authentic. We don't have these constraints or these restraints. Right. Or constraints from a network. You can just be yourself. Boy, when I saw that, I was like, whoa. Yeah. Kick out. What? Yeah, them boys. Nice. Now It's been done once. It could be done again. Oh yeah. Was coming.


More than one person is coming. Mount Everest. It's coming. More than one person broke sub four minute mile. Yeah. Oh, it's coming. It, They don't put more than one person on the moon. More than one person went to the moon. Yeah. It's coming. That's, that's the way I look at it. They had the rookie team. I think it was Caitlyn Clark, Rekia Jackson Angel. Reese Cardosa. I don't remember the other, the other young lady that won it. I can't think of her off the top of my head. I do remember vividly those four players. Congratulations to all the, the WNBA to all the rookies that made the WNBA all rookie first team.


Congratulations. Job well done. This class going to be remembered for a long period of time. Just like the 84 class with Michael Jordan, Charles Barkley, Hakeem. Elijah won the 2003 draft class. LeBron, Jane D. Wade, Melo, cb, Chris Bo, this draft class, what was it, 2024 led by Kaitlyn Clark. It's gonna be one. It's gonna be one. They, they're gonna remember this and these salaries, these women salaries. It's gonna Go up. It's gonna continue to go up. Yep. Yep. Oh, Joe, now is time for q And a Q and a.


Kurt Noman said Uncle Ocho, I as a cowboy fan, I don't know how to feel, I'm so tired of Jerry ignoring glaring problems. What do you think? We'll see these, these old nineties cowboys. Again, I'm 27, so I've embraced the suck my whole life. But that's the thing. Jerry keeps selling y'all that and y'all keep believing. Yeah. Jerry and Steven come out there and say, these teams remind me of those nineties. We got just as much talent of those nineties cowboys, those Super Bowl team. We got just the, this, this, these team, this team reminds me a lot of the He say that because he know y'all will believe it. Yeah. Listen, listen. The, the Cowboys fans, I, I like the Cowboys fans too. I I love 'em. I love 'em to death.


But They're just delusional. Hey, Jerry Jones is the greatest settleman of all time. Jerry Jones. Jerry Jones could talk a goddamn cat out a fish market. Jerry Jones could talk a cat out of a fish market every time goddamn Jerry Jones could sell water to a well. Like, that's, that's the type of salesman he is. And that is what he has all cowboy fans believing. Every year is something new. And you know, he put the, put the, he he dangy dangy dangle everything right in front of you. And it, it is what it is. Yeah. It's, it's, and the cowboy fans believe it. They wanna believe it.


Like I said, they grew up with the Cowboys and you know, you my age, the Cowboys. The Cowboys were good in the seventies. Oh yeah. I'm old enough to remember the Cowboys, they used to go to the playoffs every year. Every year. Cowboys didn't miss, I think they went like 21 straight seasons. They had like winning records go to the playoffs and then, you know, had a great thing. They came back in the nineties and then Jerry like, man, I need something to shine. I don't if, if, if yes I own it, but I ain't get no shine. They ain't talking about me. They talking about Jimmy, they talking about the triplets. I own the team. Right. I pay the bills.


They talk about you Jerry. Yeah. But not like you thought as a door. D said, what's up Unc Ocho question. Which non quarterback player right now would you start a franchise with also Ocho? Did you ever find that future HOF jacket that you wore in 2007 to against the Ravens? Damn. I wish I knew what that jacket was. Unc, I've been looking for that thing. That's a, that's a one on one. You think so? Yeah. What non quarterback would you start your franchise with? Non quarterback? Would I start a franchise with? Yeah. Like of, of players, active players right now. Yeah.


Why the hell you gonna start your franchise with a player that can't play? Right. I, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm I'm gonna keep it home. I'm, I'm gonna go with, with Jamar Chase. Yeah. Okay. I ain't gonna say you wrong. I was gonna say Tika or jj. Yeah, I mean, you can't go wrong with either three. I I, I'll probably, I'll probably take Tyree for the simple fact that he gonna hit his head on the gold post. He's a threat. I mean, bro, there been very few people that's ever played this game. All, All three of them are a threat like that too.


They're not. Oh Joe, they're not. Tyreek is the only guy that could take a smoke run and get to the house. I know it sounds good, but you know, Tyreek is different. We've never seen I know, I know, I know he's different. I know that part, but I just thought, ask your question. I just saw Jamar, I just saw Jamar Chase this weekend. Take a 12 yard route, 12 yard route, bounce off four people and go 67 yards. Yes. Lemme Ask your question. I just saw, I just saw Justin Jefferson two weeks ago take a post reverse field after running 30 yards in school. What was it? 87. Lemme ask you a question. You think Tyre would've even had the reverse field? Nah, probably not.


Hey, but listen, they, they Remember getting Buffalo. They ended up, They up the same place. Lemme ask you a question. How many guys against Buffalo in cover? Five catch that ball, split the scene and get to the house? What Tyreek did against Buffalo in the division round in the championship game? Oh yeah. Shit. None. None. I ain't never seen anything like it. Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. You right. I ain't never seen anything like it that, I mean the counter speed, the weight, the, the, the suddenness in which he can build up to speed the ocho. A lot of times guys gotta build up. Yeah. That joke with instant. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with That joke was like, hey, that joke was like instant like oatmeal. Yeah. You know, but you know, with them, with them here go with them three.


You can't go wrong either way. You go. It's, it is all on preference. Yeah. That man, I just like, I ain't never seen anything like it. Like I said, I, I've seen, you know, I was in the, hold on. Yeah, I was in the league when Randy got in. Randy caught a pass on us right before the half. Threw it to him, tackled the Joker. The joker throw it over his head and Mo Williams run the ball in the Hands off. Yeah, I remember that. That Was against us. Yeah, I remember that play. I say, Lord, Yeah, I remember that play. Hey boy, that horse man, that thing got definite.


Yeah. I said, oh my God. I like, yeah. I, I don't, I don't, I don't think we going fare too good in this one. Baby gonna fare too good. Yeah, but I, I would, I I'm like you ocho I'm definitely not taking a running back. No running Back. I'm probably taking, yeah, I'm probably gonna take one of those. I well I'm taking you, you took Chase. I'm going, I I'll probably say take Tyreek or Jefferson, but I mean JJ is off to his start. Woo. Hi, I'm sweetie. Mad random but Ocho I'm number two in the world at Madden currently.


We should play sometime. Love the sh love the show up. Man. That joke gonna beat the brakes off you Man. He, he ain't number two in the world. I don't even know who he is, so I don't worry about it. You know how be too far to Nothing. How you number two in the world and Madden and I'm number eight in the world and I know every, I know the other seven people in front of me. So somebody lying. What Your, your stats? Somebody mad? No, you number eight in the world. I Am. I am rank eight in the world right now. No you're not. I am sure to pull it up. Let's see. I can't pull It up. I, my Xbox is over there. That's okay. Go show us. Take A picture of Can't take it. Tell tell unc man, tell tell the chat. I'm ranked in the world. I'm number eight.


Yeah. Rank means stink. You. The, you, the a sta is both in the world. Ah, nah. I'm ranked the chat. No, all my game The rank mean different things don't you? Nah. Rank Nah. The people in the chat know, especially my gamers, You know, in bull riding, in bull riding in bull, professional bull riding. They they, yeah. Bulls. Yeah, bulls a rank. Rank. Yeah, I know Rank that means he's, he nasty. Yeah, yeah, yeah. One of, one of my favorite bull like Bush Wacker. Bush wacker. Yeah. Little say that. Yeah. Tahan Bodacious Bodacious. Yeah. Yellow jacket. Yeah. You listen, you About no bush whacker.


You talking, you talking to a bull rider. What is she talking about, man? Nah, no, I'm talking to a bull job. Nah, I'm, I'm a, I'm a bull ride on now. Get, tell, tell, tell Ashton pull him up. Pull up Now. O ocho ocho they opened the shoot. I give you credit you got on it. That was a ranked bull. Man. What you talking about? It don't matter whether they opened the shoot not fell Off. I said you got on it. Huh? Ocho you got on it. Nobody, Nobody else would get on him and some, some professional riders. When the shoot open they fall Off. No, I'm not. Oh no. I ocho i, I just gave you Credit. Okay. I'm just making sure now.


No, I would not get on him. I would not get on no bull ocho. No. So I commend you Ocho. I Appreciate that. Appreciate that. So same way I did that bill, that bull. That's how I'm gonna do James Harris motherfucking ass.


Hey, it's Austin James. If you're like me trying to live your best life while living with diabetes. You can relate to worrying if you're doing a good job managing your diabetes. I use the Freestyle Libre three plus sensor to get real time glucose readings and see the impact of every meal and activity to make better decisions. The Freestyle Libre three plus sensor can help me live life with diabetes on my own terms, and it gives me more time for the things I love, like being a dad and a musician. Now this is progress. Learn more@freestylelibre.us For prescription only. Safety info found@freestylelibre.us.


We all know just because gifts for loved ones can look like flowers a spa day or maybe even planning date night. But what about something that will truly last and protect your loved ones along the way? I'm talking about life insurance. I called Select quote to secure our coverage and couldn't believe how easy and affordable it was. I'm 40 and my $500,000 policy was only $16 a month. My husband's also 40 and his $500,000 policy was only $18 a month. And with their same day coverage, there was no medical exam required. And, we were covered by the time we hung up with monthly payments, less than the cost of a bouquet of flowers. This is the perfect time to make sure your family is protected. For Your free quote. Go to select quote.com. Select quote.com. That's select quote.com. It's never too late. To secure affordable coverage through select quote, show your loved ones, they're your top priority by protecting their future. Go to select quote.com to get your free quote today. Details on example, rate rated select quote.com.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You. Time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, it's Jody Sweeten and Andrea Barber from How Rude Ritos thanks to Hyundai. We recently took an epic road trip to this year's iHeartRadio Music festival in Vegas. We got to explore a couple of weird and interesting spots along the way and even recorded a special episode in the car for you guys. So take a listen. Maybe. I think I kissed you. Oh yeah, we kissed. We kissed Season one. Yep. That was a great moment. Yeah, I gotta say, there you go. It's so weird 'cause like I've known you so long it was comfortable. Five is from Elena. Okay. Did you guys ever have a crush on any guest stars who appeared on the show? Come on, give us some juice. Tommy Paige Really randomly. It was really your crush. Well, I randomly, no, you know what? It wasn't my crush. It was like, I think I was, whatever. It was like the last season, right? Yeah. Well, yeah, I think so. So I think I was like 13. I was like, oh he's cute. I dunno. I just thought he was like cute. You know, it was the, the waiter at Sizzler had my attention, you know, it didn't I, it didn't, didn't take much, you know. Oh, I have to answer the question too. Okay. Guest stars that I had a, you know, I was so obsessed with New Kids on the Block. This episode is presented by Hyundai.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man. City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Juventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament is Champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win dates because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


HP's fine. 1201 said Ocho looking like a character on Assassin Creed. Love you guys. Keep up the great content. Thank you bro. I appreciate that. Appreciate, appreciate the support. Appreciate Lainey Ray said. Hey guys, Vikings with Sammy Darts. Oh my God. Did a game. How y'all gonna give Sam Dar night talking about Sammy Darts? Sammy Darts Or now for those SC Baby who y'all picking in London? Game Vikings and Jets. Who you got with? Yo? Hey Listen, listen, I know people gonna call me crazy for this. The Vikings are on a tear right now, but there's a person who's always had success against the Vikings. It's Aaron Rogers.


It's Aaron Rogers. Now I wouldn't be surprised as great as Sam Sammy Darts and god damn Justin Jefferson are playing. I won't be surprised if the goddamn jets accept them boys out there in London. I'm just saying. Yeah, They got Addison back. Yeah. Yeah. Eh, They Good? Yeah, it's gonna be a good one. It's gonna be real good. The defenses getting after people. It's gonna be interesting. It's gonna be, you gonna have to hold up 'cause Brian Flores And, And Ocho guess what? They not leaving until Saturday. Yeah, Brian Flores got them boys playing. Boy. I think they leaving. No, they might leave tomorrow. They leaving tomorrow probably late.


Mm. Yeah. See if you can find out when the jet are leaving. Jacob in. Said what's up on Ocho? Can we get a shout out to all US linemen? Restoring power and hurricane affected a areas been rough but we getting it all back. Yeah. Yeah you can bro. We appreciate that. Support. The, the, the, the, the, the storm on the, the east coast up and down the coastline. Florida came up through Georgia, the Carolinas, North Carolina. So congratulations. Hold on, hold on. Go ahead. The bathroom real quick.


The law said Ray Lewis versus Shannon Sharpe one-on-one off the line. Shannon, you burn him to the end zone or does Ray not let you get off the line? That's not what Ray love was. Ray was a middle linebacker. I'm gonna get off the line. I'm gonna get off the line because that's what I do. That's not what he does. So more of like, we do it like a a A A 9 0 7 drill and I'm trying to run in the hole. Am I gonna make Ray Miss or I'm gonna run him over. But Ray, Ray was not Ray not a cover linebacker. That's not what middle linebackers do. Yeah, they drop into a zone. But that's not what Ray did. Ray didn't go to the Hall of Fame.


He's not the best, greatest middle linebacker of all time because he was guarding tight ends off the line of scrimmage. Hey, who y'all with? Who y'all talking about? They talking about Ray Lewis versus me one on one. Do I beat, do I burn him to the end zone or does Ray not let me get off the line of Ri Nah, you gonna burn him? Yeah, that's not, I say Ray's middle linebacker. Ray didn't go to the hall of Fame. Ray didn't win to defensive players of the year by, by putting hands on people and not letting him off the line of ri that's not what he is. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy, what do you all expect to see from the Cowboy Steelers this weekend?


Naja Harris Cook going straight downhill with no defensive ends on the field. No Michael Parsers. No DeMarcus Lawrence, I expect to see CD Lamb and, and Joey Porter Jr. Go at it. Yeah, I expect to see Trayvon Diggs and goddamn George Pickens go at it. I expect to see TJ Watt have three sacks. Why you apologizing? Oh, lb Cool. Said Ocho. We need to discuss that. Rose, you posted What's up fbo unc, I'm having my firstborn son in a couple of weeks. Tell me the feeling you had with your first born. My first born was obviously my oldest daughter.


I mean, you know, you knew it was gonna be a girl because the daughter say I don't see a stem on the apple. So no stem on the apple as my, as the old people used to call it. I got a split tail. Yeah. So I'm excited. All I at that point in time, like when you find out you just want, you want a healthy child, didn't matter, you know, boy girl. Sure. I mean obviously you a guy like man, well I better love to have a son, but a son is a son until he get a wife. Daughter is a daughter for life. I remember that. Son's got a responsibility, he got a wife to take care of.


Oh yeah. That daughter, she gonna make sure Dad, especially the oldest. Yeah. They gonna make, Hey, now my youngest. But that oldest, she got the, the instincts. It's bro, you about this, it's an unbelievable feeling to be, to be, to be a dad. Yeah. It's a, it's a huge responsibility. And then you all of a sudden you realize why you do certain things and it's not about you anymore.


Go ahead, Ocho, LeBron. Hey guys, I posted in the super chat question about black issues and I like to suggest a weekly segment to address these topics for the culture. It's called Blackish or check in. Man. Look, we're definitely not a monolithic group. And, and when you deal that, I don't, I don't know if if people come to really want to talk about No, we'll talk about things that pertain to us. No, but Uhuh, That's, that's Keep the smile, keep the smiles and the laughter going.


Yeah. Yeah. St. Dawn Kings, the Uncle Cho is Mike Vick and Dono McNabb, hall of Fame Worthy. I don't think Vic played enough, didn't play a number of years. Donovan. I think it's gonna be close to Donovan. Donovan played what, 14 years, best years were in Philly because I don't think he played after he, he left, he left. He played in Washington. I think he played that one year in Washington. What you think Ocho I mean, yeah, I I I would, I would, I would think, I hate being put in that conversation.


You know why Ocho I don't really like to discuss the Hall of Fame. Right. Because anytime I say something, you know what they say? It Stick hall of Fame, Shannon Sharpe says such and such is not worth it. Right. So, so, so I just, I just like, I don't get to vote. Yeah. So I just try to stay away from stuff like that. Yeah. I just speak to my brother. I think my brother deserves to be in the Hall of Fame, but they never say Hall of Famer. Shannon. Sharpe thinks his brother, they always say Hall of Famer, Shannon Sharpe says he doesn't think such and such. Right. I mean, I, I I mean who, who the hell am I I I think, I think they both deserve to be in what Michael Vick did in his short time. It's short tenure in Atlanta.


What, what something special. Obviously the game has changed and evolved now to where it is. But what what he was able to do during that time. Man, it was special man. You, you had for sure you had to be there. People don't Want, I was there. I lived in the city, so, you know, I was there. Man, You had to be there man. It was electrifying. And this is, and I was, I was playing and I couldn't wait to tune in. I wanted to see what was happening. If we, if you know Mike victim had been playing at night or they were playing on a Monday night, I was excited and I'm, I'm an actual player at the time and a certain level of enjoyment and excitement. Just knowing, okay, what's gonna happen when he gets the ball.


And then the the funny thing about it is that he's the type of player where you hold your breath. 'cause he is always touching the ball. Every offensive series ain't no telling what the hell was finna happen. Like that was exciting for me. Nick Grant, very good question here. Ocho Yeah. Better salesman. Jerry Jones or Vince McMahon. See, I don't know much. I don't know much, I don't know much about wrestling and Vince McMahon, so I mean, But if people go into the wrestling events and they know it's fake Vince McMahon, you know, it's scripted and people still, the the pay-per-view and Summer Slam.


So what you think about, well what's the difference with Jerry? He tell you one thing, NFL Is Scripted. He tell you, he tell you one thing and they always home first week of the playoffs, But football isn't scripted. They might win, they might lose. You already know there's a plot line. There's the, there's the, there's a, this movie you already, it's kinda like a horror movie. Right. You know, the main character is not gonna get killed. Right. For this man to be able to convince millions. But I think the millions know it's that the millions know it's script. They just enjoy the entertainment that wrestling brings.


The character. Yeah. The the the energy, the charisma of, of, of specific people. You know, having a Favorite Wrestl. You grew up The wrestler was real though. Huh? We grew up like a wrestler was real. Well you, You, you thought it was real when you young and you don't wanna expose just like kids, when kids grow up, they think the fairy, I mean they, they think the two fairies real, they think Santa Claus is real. And at some point you are already invested in it. Even when you know it's not real, you still stay and what you grew up loving of the child, you still love it. Even though you know it's scripted. I think, I think Ben Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I kind of agree with you on that. Then Tony, B-R-N-F-Y October's breast cancer awareness.


This month we're pink to support Saturday ten five, twenty four making strides. Walk in Detroit, come out and support Tony. Yes. Pink is breast cancer wear this month because OCHO ain't gotta go make sure I gotta find some pink. I don't think, I don't know if I got anything pink, but I order a pink shirt. I got some, I wear it a couple of times. I got some pink to support. I'm all about supporting breast cancer. So yes. Thanks for reminding us, Tony. I'm definitely gonna have, man, I should have NFL send me one of those pink pens. I used to love that pink oj Remember we used to get the, the pink towels and you had the, you had the pink towels for Breast cancer. They had the police towel. I don't think they, I don don't think they do it now. I think they call it cancer wear this month. Yeah, because you know, then you had these other cancers saying, well what about us?


What about prostate cancer? What about this type of liver cancer? What about bladder cancer? So they said, you know what, we're gonna have cancer wear this month. Yeah. You see that. So, you know what I'm saying. So cancer word this month, anybody that's been any family, friends or loved one that's been afflicted by any form of cancer, stay courageous in your battle. Hopefully you beat this, it stays in remission and you go on to live a healthy life. It's Mario, not Luigi. Gancho. Love the content. I got a BS degree in media production at Morgan State. HBCU, I wanna work for your media company. Please let me know what I need to do.


That's a ash question. Consider that. I'm looking at all that. I'm like, damn, I got this many employees, god damn as been hiring people left and right. It's right now. We're not hiring right now, but shoot as your information and we'll, we'll we'll keep you, we'll keep you, keep you in the loop, bro. Ocho that concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us after that very, very exciting game. On Thursday night, Kirk first cousins threw for a Falcons franchise record.


509 yards and a 45 yard walk-off touchdown to end the ball game as they take down Division rival the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 36 30. Yeah, they have two receivers go over 100 yards. Drake London went over 150 yards and Mooney went over a hundred yards. They played unbelievable when you thought the game was over. Cousins throws an interception late in that ball game. They force a punt. Go down the field, get the game tying field goal from Young Way co Young ho. Cool. He's no young way co he is, he's Korean and he kicks the kicks the game tying field goal after having his previous field goal block.


And he missed one earlier and then they win the toss. And cousins did swag, you know, he was swag surfing and so they end up winning the game. Congratulations to the Atlanta Falcons and thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Please guys, make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber matters. When we thank you for mattering. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We're gonna be in 12 to four, 12 to 14, 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're not currently in a state or sitting near you, you can order it off the site and we'll ship it directly to your door.


Please go follow my social, my media company page on all platforms that Shea Media and my clothing company 84, UNC and OCHO Teeth are back in stock. If you ordered merch in the last three weeks, it begins shipping. And hopefully we'll have all orders shipped out by tomorrow, Monday at the latest. But hopefully all orders will be shipped out by tomorrow. Tomorrow. And guys, let us know when you start receiving your award, your awards, your gifts, your merch. Please go vote for us. You can see it up here on the caption, the Signal Awards Nightcap is nominated. Best co-host, team Ocho and I Best Live podcast recording.


The voting is open through October 17th. Similarly, the you have to create an account and verified your email. Again, create an account just like you did last year at the Webbs. We greatly appreciate your support as tested it earlier and her vote didn't count until she verified it. The count the Email Club shehe is also nominated for popular Culture and Variety Show, best Athlete Shaping Culture and the best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. So guys, thank you again for your support for the awards that we won. We try to produce the best content we possibly can.


We try to keep you laughing, we try to entertain you, we try to inform you, we try to enlighten you. And, we thank you for allowing us to come into your home, to be in your ear, to be in your, see your eyes through the screen. We greatly appreciate everything that you've done for us thus far. And you guys will continue to do again. The Falcons beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. An overtime got a 45 yard touchdown by CLL Hodge Cousins threw for an NFL record, an NFL record, a Falcon's rec record, 509 yards. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite number 85. He's from Liberty City. He's a Binga Ringer Fame honoree. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro.


Y'all know who he is. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. And that concludes our episode of Nightcap. I'm unc e ocho. See you Saturday. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match, live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Step into the world of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now You want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck on the shadowing world of the Godfather slots. Someday I, I'll call upon you to do a service For me. Plead the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome To the family, No purchase necessary. VDW Group. Avoid prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network,


CBS Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirky is crime solver. I'm ELs be Tassone. I work with the police. Is back and ready to go Toe to toe. Yes. With a cavalcade of guest stars, you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new CBS Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount. Plus


The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast. And Hyundai's ev lineup was there for every moment in Vegas. Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower Ionic five n. On Friday, the EV sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's music contest on TikTok the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai Ionic five. How cool is that? And after the show, fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.