
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at drafting sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite 85 from Liberty City. That way from Liberty City. Yeah, Bing was Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But everybody just called him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber counts and ocho. And I want to personally thank, thank you for helping us get to where we've gotten to thus far. Yeah, we really appreciate your support. We appreciate your love, your loyalty and everything in between. Go check out SHA by La Portier.


We have it in stock and we are taking pre-orders. If we're not currently in a state near you or city, you can order it online and we, because we have it in stock, we'll probably get to be able to get it to you in somewhere between two and five days, depending on where you ordered it from. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms that she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. That's 84 being spelled out. Our newest release drops tomorrow, which is Friday. Yep. Friday at 1:00 PM Eastern. We have two very special guests joining us later tonight. We have Busta Rhymes and the mis, but first let's talk about the game ocho. Yeah. Behind four Touchdown Pass for Matthew Stafford.


The Rams get a win on Thursday night football improve to three and four and the Minnesota falls to five and two after losing consecutive ball games, the Rams got a safety on a missed face mask call Sam. Donna was sacked in the end zone, but it was clearly, clearly a face mask. Yeah. And I don't know how the official that's standing two, three feet away from him missed that. So now it goes from an eight point to a 10 point game and the Rams get the ball back and they were able to seal the victory by taking knees because the bikes were out of timeout. ocho. Yeah. Remember we say all plays aren't created equal? Well, Shannon, I mean there are plenty, plenty of missed calls throughout the course of the game.


Yeah. If you miss that call in the fourth, in the first quarter, you got three, three and a half, four quarters to overcome it when you down eight and you miss that call ocho. Right. That's a difference. You Can't, you can't overcome that. You can't. There's a difference in the game. It's, it was a big difference in the ball game. And look, Matthew staffer played really well tonight. ok. Nku. Now you see why Cooper Cup is on the trade block. You got a younger guy that's less expensive and that's, that's the way sports work. Yeah. It's just like that in the real world. If you get somebody that's younger, okay, somebody's been there 10, 15 years, you get somebody that's younger that's on a cheaper salary that can do the job just as well, if not better.


Yeah. Can start to see There's really no loyalty. You talk about loyalty in sports, there ain't a whole lot of loyalty in, in jobs either. Yeah. And it never has been. Never has been. That's the way this is. This is the a a a dirty business. It always has been a dirty business, but some for, but for some reason fans are always fooled into believing that it's a fair game for the players. And the first thing they bring up is, well, the players make millions of dollars, but they always ignore the business side of things. Again, I I, I'll I'll state it again. Cooper Cup didn't have a a a great game tonight, but Puka Nku did. He picked up where he left off. Matthew Stafford, if I'm not mistaken, coming into this game. He only had three touchdown passes.


Correct. In the past whatever weeks it might have been. And tonight with a Healthy Cooper Cup and a healthy Puka Nku has four tonight. The deep, the offense look completely different. Yeah. So with with with Cooper cut being on the trade block with them going from, from, what was it, what, two and five to not what, two and four to now? Three and four, if I'm not mistaken. I Think that's Yep. They three and four With that, with that being their record now, I think that's off. 'cause now you have to think last year they went on a eight game stretch of winning seven of the last eight. So who's to say that they can't do that now, now that everybody is back healthy. So I think, and they obviously last year they, they made the playoffs and finishing 10, 10 and seven if I'm not mistaken, and made the playoffs.


So they might, they might can go on a run now and do the same thing, especially from an offensive standpoint as good as their plan. The question is, if somebody willing to give me the high draft pick that I seek for Cooper Cup, then I do the deal. Because lemme ask you Tampa Bay. Tampa Bay, absolutely. Will they have nothing? They have nothing. They have, they don't, they don't. Lemme Clear, lemme clear, lemme clear this. Chris Godwin is out. Mike Evans is out. It's always next. It's always next man up. But the next man up is not gonna give you the production that your Mike Evans or your Chris Garden boy would having a, a Cooper Cup to come in in the offense that I'm sure he's familiar with. Because much doesn't change from team to team outside of the language and the plays that are called.


That's, that's pretty much it. So, And, and I think this guy, I think that guy was with Sean McVay, so that might be the same offense. Bingo. Bingo. So they might pretty much use the same language and the whole, the thing is Ocho, when they say next man up, you might be talking about one man, one man, you don't really talk about two, you don't hope you got Well I got another guy that's, that plays behind Chris Godwin. That can be the next man. I got a guy that plays behind Mike Evans that can be the next man. Most teams don't have two guys that are gonna be the next man. You might have one, you might find, have a diamond in the rough where somebody goes out and the guy can come in and give you very similar production. But the likelihood you having two, three guys, like we see some of these teams and that's why Kansas City made the deal.


I mean, you out Rashid Rice, you are without Hollywood Brown and you get, you know, Pacheco, not Kareem Hunters come in and did an unbelievable job, but the likelihood of you having multiple guys that can be next man up and give you kind of production that the guys that you were counting on to give you that production is not very likely. Yeah. So my que the, the, the thing that I have for the Rams is that what is the likelihood Ocho, let's just say for the sake of argument, if we were to keep Cooper Cup, right, is what what's our chance? Can we win it all? Because once you won it all, the only question is can you win it all again? Hmm. You, you know what I I I say it all the time and for, for those of you that in the chat, football doesn't start football season doesn't start meaningful football.


Let me, let me, let me add that to it. Meaningful football doesn't start until after Thanksgiving. Until after Thanksgiving. And with them being three and four now to me, how the Rams organization and, and Sean McVea looking on the inside, hell, if we went on a run and won seven of our last eight last year, it made the playoffs at 10 and seven. Who to say we can't do it now and go and go on a run and go on a tear. And you know, the thing is ocho I I think, I think it's possible And because the 49 ERs are not what they were. You see Seattle, you're right there with them. You see the Cardinals, you're right there with them. And so maybe that changes, that changes your outlook also. Now if you were like, where the 49 ERs were, what they were six and one, maybe 71 at this point last year, You're Like, ah, nah, we not catching them get it.


Yeah. And so now, because there's a chance you can win the division, there's a chance you will get a, if you win the division, obviously you get a home game. So maybe that changes their, their thought process. But normally when somebody's on the trade block, they don't pull 'em off. Right. Especially if I can get what I, what I want to get. Kansas City walked away because they wanted a long, they wanted a high draft pick and they wanted to rams to put some of that salary bill right round. Like, nah, nah, let let, we gonna hold on it. Hey, we got, we still got what, 12 days November the fifth. Yeah. Which is election Tuesday. Right. So we, we gonna hold, we gonna hold on. Yeah. And we'll see what, we'll see what shakes out. Maybe hate saying this, but you know what Ocho maybe somebody else that think they got a good chance to make the playoffs or make a deep run a receiver gets me and add to That roster.


Roster. Yeah. And So, yeah, I mean, I mean just, just looking at it, the, the, the only thing that makes sense to me, obviously Tampa Bay, who has a winning record and probably wants to still continue to give Baker an outlet somewhat of a security blanket and someone he can actually get the ball to. Yeah. I mean just you, you just have to do something like that. I'm sure Baker has spoke to management and spoke to the people upstairs, obviously the head coach and officer coordinator about getting another target in there. So that often can still have some type of consistency and, and, and, and, and and rhythm with a receiver that he can count on consistently down in and down out and listen.


It, it might happen. But again, if you take Cooper Cup outta that offense, who, who was double tonight, I think then KU now gets that attention. But Sean Mcbe offense is so creative and so is so creative and being able to, to find ways to get Putin naco open, I I think they would be fine if they were to trade Cooper Kupp. You see Cooper Cup has five for 51 of the touchdown. DeMarcus Robinson had two catchers for 35 yards. Two touchdown, Kyron Williams even cheat, even shipped in and had a touchdown catch. So they do a great job of spreading the ball around Tutu Add Well who played well, shoulda Had a touchdown. He they Yeah. Stafford under through it.


Yeah. Under through it. And so yeah, they do a great job of spreading the ball around the tight ends. Chipped in the night, had some, had some big catches. Hunter Long had one for 18, Atwell had one for 18. Kobe Parkinson had two for 17. That offense is really predicated on spreading the ball around. Now. He will, the hot man, they gonna throw it, they're gonna feed you because we remember that, that triple crown season that Cooper Cub had. Yeah. And he's had some other seasons, which he's played well, but not that historic season that he had during that Super Bowl run. Right. So I I like this offense and you know, maybe you're right, maybe that changes things because the 49 ERs is not as powerful as we thought they were gonna be and they're not dominating that division.


And so it's like, hold on there, we got a whole bunch of teams. Anybody can win it. The Cardinals can win it. Seattle can win it, we can win it. 49 ERs could get healthy, they can win it. But maybe that does change Ocho maybe that does change how they see themselves Right. Moving forward. And maybe you, maybe you're right, maybe they do pull Cooper Cup buck off the trade block. But if I think if they give a third round pick for a Mocho, I think they gonna let him go. Right. Because Sean McVay says, you know what, we got pka, we got DeMarcus Robinson, we got Atwell, we can spread it around enough and we can make plays or luck. Kyron Williams running the football, he ran the ball decent night. They kept, they they balanced it up defensively. They're, they're okay. They're not great. Obviously when you lose one of the historically great defensive players of all time and Aaron Donald, but they still can get out the, they still can get out your quarterback.


But I would love to have seen what would've happened Ocho, if we get that, that that's a face mask, you can't miss, you can't miss that call right in that spot at that moment in that area. Because not only do you give them 15 yards of the first down, you take us, that's two points for the opposing team and you give the other team the ball. Oh Yeah. So you did, you did three bad things. We don't get 15 yards of the first down. You give them two points and you give them the ball. Right. I'm like, well damn, what the hell were you looking at, Bro? I look, I understand you, you okay. I mean, you ain't gonna be able to catch no.


Oh, they like hell, we try to get this red eye, you know, because you know they, they at LA they got a red eye and probably leave going wherever they going at at 10 30, 11 o'clock. Right. So they're like, hell get out here, get shower, we could be at the airport, get this red eye. We get home in the morning. In the morning 5 36 o'clock. Right. Hey, we stepping off a plane, but the rams win 30 to 20 over the vices. The bikes dropped their second straight games. They were undefeated heading into last week, no longer they lose two con two consecutive games Yeah. To fall to five and two. The two Good, the two good teams. Now Two good teams. Two good teams, two good Teams. But obviously the Rams look good tonight because they got, they have every, everybody back healthy on offense.


That, That, before we go on with that goddamn Justin Jefferson man. Yeah. Man, Lord have mercy. Well, You know, he, They find a way to get him the ball. Don't, Joe, he, he in this offense is what Cooper Cup is in the Rams offense when Cooper Cup, because that's where Kevin O'Connell came from. Yes sir. And so they find ways to get him the ball. They put him in the slot, they'll stack him, they put him in motion, they line him up outside. Right now he lines up way more outside than Cooper Cup does. Right. Cooper Cup is mainly a slot, mainly the motion guy. But they will do a lot of different things with Justin Jefferson. Yeah. He's a good route runner. Cooper Cup is a really good route runner because the thing is, when you play in this offense and they gonna throw you this many balls on your, you gotta be a good rot runner because the quarterback know, got to know where you're gonna be.


You can't be drifting, you can't be doing your own thing because he's gonna get, Jefferson's gonna get somewhere between 150 and 175 targets. Hey, could you imagine? No, I can't imagine. So I don't even wanna talk about it. Could you imagine with them kind of that many targets? Well, that many catches, like I, I look at, I think the, the most catches I had in the Caesar was 97. Yeah. 97. And I just think about it. I look at some of the, some of the players, you know, a hundred forty four, a hundred thirty three catch. I'm like, well God damn, I, I'm crazy. If I was in that type of offense, what would my numbers have been if I was able to get that many opportunities to catch the damn ball? Yeah. Like that's crazy the way the game has changed, you know, Today.


Well you gonna get more, you gonna get more hits. Well it's hard to give somebody that kind of, that kind of, those kind of targets when they mainly play outside. If you look at the guys that normally get that kind of catches, they normally play a lot. They play a lot of slot. You look at, you look at ab you look at Michael Thomas, you look at Cooper Cup, you look at the guys that get those kind of catches. Ocho you ain't just playing outside because I can't, I can't scheme, I can't diagram enough plays outside the numbers. I've gotta get you some catches in the middle between the hashes. I've gotta get you, you know, some jailbreak screens. I gotta get you a lot. I got a hundred I think. I mean what 180, 190 targets Ocho Jesus. That's a lot of damn targets, man.


That's at least, that's at least 10 to 11 targets a game. Right. I I I mainly, I mainly played on the outside. Yes. I didn't do much, I didn't do much damage on the inside. TJ Huda obviously was, was an animal. He was an animal in there. Yeah. Being able to stand, being able to rezone honestly. And I I I could just, I could be honest with you. There's, there's a certain being inside like that, it was a, it was a certain uncomfortability for me. Yeah. You know, IIII don't know why I enjoy, there's a Lot of con wreck in there outside. Yeah. I, I enjoy being on the outside man to man. If you double team and sometimes even with a double team, the first person, obviously if there's the double team and you're playing 55 man two or whatever it might have been, the person in front of me didn't exist.


Yeah. He didn't exist most of the time. Even with the double, even with the safety shaded over on the hash, Carson knew whatever the route concept might have been, the person in front of me did not exist. Yeah. No, I'm gonna beat him. Oh Man. And that's what I told y'all. I'm running everything off to safety. I'm gonna, I'm gonna beat him with my technique. Yeah. Beat the second guy with the throw. Bingo. Bingo. I got him. Don't worry about him. Right. I got him. Yeah. You take care of the safety with the throat. And I, I think that's one of the reasons why I didn't play on the, in play on the inside much because you didn't really have to put me in there for me to be able to get open.


So if teams came in the game saying, you know what, we taking you out the game no matter what, we not allowing you to do anything. There'll be certain times where Carson would go off script and right before I leave the huddle, I'm coming to you anyway. Right. He just whispered, I'm coming to you anyway so that, that let me know. Okay. Whoever, whoever's in front of me within arm's reach, it don't matter. Right. You don't even count because I'm running everything off the safety at that point. And obviously just like you said, Carson would, his with his arm was always able to, you know, the throw would beat the second man every time. Yeah. I think I, and, and the thing is, like I said, when you play in the slot, you gotta be really technical sound because you can't drift. Because a lot of times if you drift, that's gonna be a headache for you because the quarterback's gotta protect you a lot because a lot of times you don't see, and you see a lot of times when guys back shoulder the the slot guy, he's trying to tell you there's danger in front of you, bro, I'm saving you a headache.


I I'm saving you for having them come on the field and asking, are you okay? Where are you hurt? Yeah. What's hurting? You know what I'm saying? I'm trying to save you. 'cause a lot of times the quarterbacks can see what you can't. And a lot of times those collisions are instantaneous. You catch bam, at least Ocho when you outside you got some time. But if you notice, you look at Edelman, you look at the guys that played the slots, the West, well, because the Cooper cups those guys, a lot of times it's catch bang, bang bang. Yeah. And so you gotta really, really take care of your body in there. 'cause you, hey, you gonna get hit a lot of times and a lot of times it's gonna be, you know, you gonna get hit and you don't catch it. So yeah, I, Hey, they try to put hats on you regardless because they wanna make it like, okay, damn, I don't know if I wanna go back in there and catch that other one.


But this Detroit hangovers the real thing teams are not oh and five after playing the lions this season as the bikes did this past Sunday. So after you play the Lions don't only chalk that thing up.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


OCHO life at the Cowboys practice facility is undergoing a lot of scrutiny this week. Big old profile on Jerry Jones and life of the Cowboys facility in general dropped on ESPN. The article focuses on how the Cowboys fans are allowed to tour the team facility with a level of access that doesn't exist anywhere in football. Right. These teams, these tourists come at the expense of the players and happiness and comfort. Several former cowboys told ESPN that the tours one of Jerry's big, one of the biggest distractions of working in Jerry's world and contradictory to the Jones stated goals of ending the 20 near 29 year Super Bowl drought. The article, of course, comes with more than a couple of tone deaf Jerry Cols quotes, it's gold when those players go through our complex out there.


See the fans, I ain't never seen nobody at work got excited because normally it happens on your day off. Right? It doesn't normally, they don't normally have tours during the week. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Normally Ocho normally, I don't know how it is. I can only speak two places. I've been to Denver, I've been in Baltimore. Right. Normally it's Tuesday or they'll come as we're starting to trickle out of there on a Saturday. Right? But normally not when it's a normal workday. You're not having that. Jerry says, you know, the fans, the the player, they love that. They love it. I've never heard any complaints, really, Jerry, Hey boss, let me tell you, I got a problem with you. Right? I don't like the way you do B come on Jerry.


Yeah. They, they not, they not gonna say nothing. But again, I, you know, Jerry is is the, is the greatest, greatest salesman of all time. I've never heard any complaints about the tours from staff. I've never heard any complaint of the tours from staff members or players. Not one time, but the most important thing is it wouldn't make any thank you. Oh, think about what he said. He said he's never heard a complaint from about the tours from staff members or a player. Not one time. But the most important thing is it wouldn't make a difference anyway, period. Because overall they're swimming against the stream. If you search the article, the word zoo, it comes up three separate times.


These tours apparently generate close to $10 million annually. Which is why I keep saying why does Jerry care if he wins a Super Bowl when he's gonna generate 300 to 400 to 500 million. Regardless? Everybody care every year. Every year. Hell, he's getting 300 million just from the TV deal. TV now, now you see this is separate from the TV deal. He has a deal with local radio station. He has a deal with local radio TV station at and t has the name and rights. That's probably 20 million a year. All the other rights that you stuff that you see up in the stadium, he has his own individual merchandise deal. So he prints his own T-shirt.


Somebody makes a great catch, somebody makes a great run. Zeke jumping over somebody, Zeke eating Jerry Prince, those shirt, boom, they out. Just like that. Yeah. So What's the incentive to win ocho? If you can make, let's just say for the sake of argument, you are not caught a cut different, I gotta go to work. Right? But most people, if you say, you know what, whatever your salary is, we're gonna double it and triple it and you ain't got to go to work. Right. I'm going, I gotta do something. But a lot of people say, hold on, you gonna pay me to do nothing. See Jerry, don't make money. See, it doesn't bother Jerry if he doesn't win. Right. He gave y'all that seat. Got keep the fans. Now I can't tell the fans how I really feel. Just like he said. Even if they, if even if the players complain, even if staff members complain, it's not gonna make a difference.


Right. So that's the problem Jerry. Nobody gonna tell you the truth. I heard Dak say, nah, it don't bother me Jack Dak stop, Stop it. You know, he, you know, he can't say what he wanna say. Exactly. I get it. You gotta be pc, you got to, you ain't have no choice, Especially him. And if you there you gotta be pc. Right. That's why a lot of these guys, excuse me, that are no longer there. It's an issue, bro. I ain't trying, I ain't trying to, I ain't trying to say I'm there to work. It's not a zoo. It's not, it's not an amusement park. Right. Well it it, oh it is. Jerry's world is an Oh it park, It's it's for them. Yeah, it's for him. But normally that's a place of work. We're going to work.


Right. Let's hold on. How many times do you hear p players say Let's keep the main thing the main thing. Main Thing. Come on now. But The main thing, the main thing to them is these tours and the money that it generates. Right. Because I saw it had a package. You could pay $30, you could pay $50 or $70 or $90. Yeah. And it's all the time. So you mean to tell me you couldn't do this on a a Saturday, you can't do this on a Monday, you gotta do this on a workday because Yeah, they're like, oh, I get a chance to see, I got a chance to see I saw the back of D'S head or I saw this guy. That's, and that's why because he's doing it when the players are actually there, then you can ask, you can, you are asking price to be a little bit more.


'cause now you have access to be able to have visual contact or maybe even speak to the players. So it's different. Appreciate. So basically Jerry, it ain't Jerry's world, ain't is no different than Jurassic Park when they had the tour God movie. Same concept. Same concept. If I go on a safari ocho, I wanna see the elephants, I wanna see, I wanna see the lions chase down the wilder beasts or the eo. I wanna see that. I wanna see the cheetah get something. I'm gonna see the hippopotamus and I wanna go see the big five or the big seven, whatever. The cape buffalo, the rhino, the hippo, the elephant, the lion, the whatever the case may be. I wanna see that. So if I pay for that excursion, I'm expecting to see that.


See you. You better than me. You can't put me on the excursion. You can't put me in no safari. 'cause I'm gonna be the one out the goddamn car. You ain't getting out that car. I ain't worried about that. I'm, I'm gonna be, I'm, I'm gonna be the one out the car trying to pet shit. I, I promise go. I bet you won't because they'll let you. Huh? Hey, guess what? And, and all you gonna see is real. Hey, think about that. Think, think about this son. Look at all, think, think about all the crazy stuff out done just in life. You Ain't doing ocho You not in a zoo. That's not a petting zoo. That's real life. I know That's, that's what makes it that much more exciting. Yeah, you ain't getting that, that car, huh? I I mean yeah, I know you rode the bulls, but see them lions eat bulls.


They let what you think they do to people? Hold on. I ain't say nothing. I ain't getting out by no lions. Now What you getting out to do? Everything else, everything else you said I'm, I'm, I'm Hippo are more dangerous. The river horse is more dangerous than the Lion Lion. Yeah. Because they're so territorial. But lemme tell you something about Hippo, they ain't got no lateral movement. They run faster than you think. Oh yeah. They run by 20, 25, 30 miles an hour. Yeah, that's in a straight line. I said they ain't got no lateral movement. Hey, remember how baby D was shaking? Maybe how baby D and and Friday was shaking? No. What you call ice cube was Dayday was shaking. Baby D oh Was sha was shaking. Baby D That's how I'm do the hippo.


Yeah. Now stop playing, stop playing with me. You Do the right thing. Just sit, just sit in the Jeep that doesn't have a cover on it. And just a admire the beauty of the great land of Africa because that's what I'm gonna do. That's what I'm gonna do. I ain't tried to pet nothing. I don't go to the zoo. Look at to pet nothing. When they say you go to the zoo, I, I haven't been to the zoo in a while, but when they say don't tap the glass, I ain't tapping the glass. Tap the glass. Yeah. When they say don't feed the animals, don't, I don't, I don't feed them. I listen to what they say. I ain't trying to be no hero. I ain't trying to make no news. Oh, I did this, I did that. Because the first thing they do, just like when the, the, when they ended up killing Harambie, that that big silverback Little boy. The little boy.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That messed up man. Don, I owe your kids Man. That was messed up, man. Yeah. Kill that. He look, he ain't bothered. First of all, he shouldn't have even been in that mode. Right, right. That's first foremost. I hate to see the animals. I hate seeing them in there. Yeah. I like to observe them in their natural habitat. Right. Yeah. They, he wanna roam. They wanna roam. These animals wanna roam. I mean, they got, lions can travel hundreds of, of thousand kilometers A day. And he go, all they do is wa Oh, walk in there and Oh, that's him. He lit. No, But, and you know, when you think about it, I think about captivity, unc you know, it's, it's, it is not a, it's not a good thing. I'm, I'm I'm not for it.


Especially when it came to, to killer whales being in in captivity. Oh yeah, yeah. Understanding how they're treated. But I think about all the people that love, would love the opportunity that don't have the resource or the income or the revenue to be able to see some of these animals in their natural habitat. Natural Geographic. That ain't their natural habitat. No, I said that don't have the resources to fly and go see them in their natural habitat. Could, that's okay. There are a lot of stuff we ain't gonna see. Right, right. But that's, it's like, so in, in a sense, I kind of, kind of feel a little sympathetic for those that can't and have, have the ability to go to a zoo and see animals that they would never be able to fly to Africa or, or out the country to be able to see in their natural habitat.


That, that is all. But I, I'm, I'm really not for captivity. I ain't either. I, well, I, I was reading where a killer whale, was it San Antonio, the killer whale started pooping in the water and just started splashing it on people I think get up. I saw, I wish I could have been off to the side pooping in the water lock raw low with it so he can flat get y'all ass up outta here. Yeah. But Jerry, boy, Jerry, Jerry, man Jerry just don't get it. Ocho he don't. So you know what, let him, let him, let him live his life as the ultimate PT Barnum the greatest salesman of the greatest salesman ever. And that's what he is. But he doesn't realize, he realizes, he knows he is in the way, but he can't help himself.


He wants that credit, he wants that adulation. Yeah. It'd been interesting to see. I I wanna know, does anybody know if he had these tours when Jimmy was there? Or when did they start these? Wait, I don't think it started until they got the, the, the Jerry's world. Oh yeah. The, i I think that, no, that's not at Jerry's world. That's at Ford. That's at the, the the Ford conflict. Huh? The Star. That's what they call it The star. But it it is sponsored by Ford. Didn't doesn't Ford has their name on the building. Yes. You see. Oh, you see at and t and Ford. So he got two big sponsors. Right. That's right. Because he got a car. He got a car, he got the Ford car sitting the side of the, okay.


You right, you right. Cowboy drama doesn't stop there. Mike McCarthy clap back at Jerry in a rare inner management spot. First two. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Did Jerry first on Tuesday, Jerry went on the radio show saying we're designing bad plays or we're designing bad concepts. The fact that there's so much of that, but there's some, there's also some execution issues. There's some, some of it of the talent. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. He said, I like our talent. I really do like our talent. I bet you do because you selected it. You never gonna ocho most times than not, people are not gonna say it's my fault. Right. Because if he said he didn't like the talent, what would that be?


A direct indictment on him because he picked the talent. Mike McCarthy seemingly took the critique personally and responded to reporters on, on Wednesday saying, I talk to Jerry all the time. We have to go through self scout. So I didn't see the comments specifically. I don't think we have bad concepts and bad plays. I'll go back and check You what? I mean, what does Suge Knight say when he got on stage? If you, Hey, if you want to cut, if you wanna, if you wanna make a lot of money and don't want somebody dancing in your videos, come to death row. And, and, and people think, people think Bill Belichick, if Mike McCarthy doesn't work out there, you think one of the greatest coaches of all time will come and join that circus so he can look like a clown too?


No, absolutely not. Absolutely not. But I remember, hold on Ocho, do you remember just a week ago Yeah. When Jerry Jones threatened a man when he was asking him about Derrick not signing Derrick Henry and some of the other things. Yeah. You remember how Derrick Jerry snapped on he Yeah, he was hot. He hot. Right. He quit To point the finger. We're designing bad plays or bad concept. You don't know the difference. You don't know the difference between a screenplay and a screen porch. So what the hell are you talking about, Jerry? You fooled people long enough. Yeah. They hand you a sheet of paper. It says, okay, these are the guys that we gotta, Jerry ain't watching no damn film. You don't think so? Oh no.


So you don't think You know what I'm, I'm glad you just said that. How many owners in the NFL are actually football guys? I'm talking about literal football guys. Even if they are football guys, they're not watching film. Okay. Yeah. John Morrow, he grew up, his daddy found the Giants. He ain't watching no tape. The ruin is okay. Their dad, their dad and granddad founded that. He ain't watching no damn tape. Right, right, right, right. First of all, you know Miss Virginia McCaskey, hell, she's 90 plus years old. Her daddy was George Hallas. You know damn well she ain't watching no tape. Right, Right, right. So, but they, they do have the green light to sign off on the players that they bringing in who they want. Yes. Okay. But Will McClay and the scouting department is doing all of that and, and they hand Jerry a sheep.


Now he might say, well I like this guy better than that guy, but he ain't done no damn scouting. Right. Jerry, Jones ain't going to no seat. He might go down to Senior Bowl to drink. He go to the combine to drink and have the guys there. But Jerry, come on man. Y'all know how this work. See Jerry won. I remember I said this. He wants all the credit Right. For the success and none of the blame. Now he ain't say nothing about oh, the, it's the concept. It's the play design. What about the players that you gave him? What about the running backs? You got three running backs and Derrick Henry got 400 more yards. 400 more yards than all three of them. How many more touchdowns does he have?


Oh, but Derrick Henry wouldn't do that in our offense. Why? Because you know why? Because y'all dumb enough to not to know how to use him. You see what, you see what, you see what Min Baltimore did Baltimore Doing? Yeah. Put his ass in the capital I and not so much the offset so we can maximize what Derrick Henry is. Right. That's funny. Why would I use a shower curtain for a carpet? That's not what it was made for. You see Jerry, that just goes to show me you don't know football. You just be talking and you convince people just because a lot of times people have a lot of money. People think they're smart and Jerry is a fabulous businessman.


I I will not take that away from him because he's worth almost $16 billion. But Jerry don't know football. Yeah. And just because you, I I, I, I, I I I'm the general manager and I can do a great job, do a great job at what? I tell you what you so smart fire will McClay tell, will McClay say, you know what, I don't want you to do no more scouting. Right. Tell your scouting department, y'all take the, y'all take the month, y'all take the year off. I got this and let's see what you do. Hey, you know you Probably draft four kickers. Hey, you had a good one in there too. Now you, you, you, you not finna get away with that one. What you said about that shower curtain again, lemme put that in my notes. I ain't, I ain't got my pit and pad. Hey, what? No ojo. I'm just saying what I'm, what I'm trying to say is that you gotta use the, the person or the item for what you purchased it for a shower curtain.


It's meant to be, you use it as shower curtain. You don't use it as carpet. You don't use it as a throw rug. Come on, hold Up. So Derrick Henry is an eye back. Baltimore's Baltimore scheme is basically offset I zone reed, but they say, you know what, we're not getting our bang for our buck with Derrick Henry Lamar's done a great job compromising some of his game because he plays better in the zone read. But look at what the, look how his offense look since they put D Henry in the I right? They had him mainly in the offset. I in the zone read against Kansas City. Some of that against the Raiders. Right. But that man heels at eight, let him see he's sitting there.


He could see the whole field. Yeah. Because it's hard to see when you are on one side to see what's going on. Right. That's why I put him in the eye and I could, oh, he could scan, he could look. He looking straight ahead, but outta his peripheral he can see, okay, I see wherever this thing where this thing is going, how they're flowing. You see what he did it put him in the idy, tossed it the other night when he went 81, he saw Winfield Junior coming down. Go ahead, bye Bye-bye. Hit them burners on them went 81. Now he didn't see the other, the corner that came from the far, the far It's on, it was on the, the offenses. Right. So it was the defense's left. He didn't see him until it was too late. But dude was booking, he met him at a point because when Henry was on this side, you could see him Ocho.


Yeah. They were all 22. You could see it. I'm gonna intercept him at a point. I don't, I don't even think what you call him, saw him either. Aguilar, because Aguilar was running and he didn't see him till it was too late. Right. By that time, Henry had already passed him and then he took his legs out from under. But yeah, that just goes to show me, Dak took accountability today for the Dallas slow start offensively. I say I played average below and average isn't good enough to win right now by any means. It's never been good enough for me. I can't say that I've been happy or excited after any of these games that I played. I can play better for sure. And I expect to complete a percentage in 2023. He had, he was second at almost 70% in 2024.


He's 24 pass yards. He was third with four over 4,500. Right now he's sixth and he's 10th. Excuse me. But don't let that fool you because think about how much they've been behind and they've had to throw the ball to get back into the ball game. Pass the attempts for a game. He was a seven point no pass yards attempt. He was six 7.7, 7.2, which is 17th pass tds. He was 36 tied for first. He is eight right now tied for 15th touchdown interception ratio. He was 36 to nine, which was second. Right now he's eight and six, which is time for 23rd. His passing rating was almost 1 0 6 and now it's 85.5, which is almost 86%, which is 21st.


Yeah. So you could see his numbers are down really across the board. And he, like he said, he's played, he says average, I think he's played below average. Right. But you put a lot of pressure on your quarterback Ocho when you have no resemblance of a running game. And you ask him to just drop back and throw the ball time after time after time. And teams have said, you know what, really you only got one weapon. You don't have anybody else at the skilled position that could beat us. You don't have a running back can beat us. You don't have, and I, and I like Ferguson, but you don't have a tight end that can beat us and you don't have anybody outside of CD that can beat us. Yeah. Right. So we're gonna double him and we'll take our chance with Tober. We'll take our chance with Ferguson, which take our chance with those three running backs because we don't believe anybody outside of CD can beat us.


They doing anything Offensive line don't block particularly well. They don't run block particularly well. They don't pass block particularly well. So boy, you are in a bind. You gotta be able to do one or the other pretty good, don't you? Right. I say, well, hell, you know, as, as bad, as bad as the Cowboys have played defensively, as bad as they, well as subpar as the offensive been playing as well. I see them actually coming out to buy and having a good game. Having a good game against the 49 ERs who do have a good defense, but they're depleted on the offense end by so much. This is a game that the Cowboys can win. It's a game that they can win. Especially if they can get ahead. I I think they're gonna be fine. So if you're a bettman, listen to me. You know, I'm not saying I had the script or anything, but I know, and I have a feeling that the California's gonna come, come out, they're gonna win this game and probably string, string of, you know what, I'm not gonna say string a few games alone, but coming off the bat, I think they're gonna win this game against 49 ERs.


How they, how they gonna protect him against Leonard, Floyd and Bosa. How you gonna protect him? And even though they might not have the, the one thing the co the 49 ERs can still do is run the football Run the fall. Yeah. Yeah. What can't the Cowboys do? Stop the run. Can't stop the run. So I think the 49 ERs feel good. Obviously they'd love to have their weapons on. Show you down depot. You're down iu, you're down Jennings. You, you might be down Kittle who has a sprained foot. We'll see how that thing plays out. Yeah. You, you without Christian McCaffrey, but you have a solid running game. But would I be surprised if the 49 ERs won? No. But that's asking an awful lot.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, later the gentle gentlemen, look who joined the chat? That's how I got bus ride. Everybody know it? That's bus. Bus. What it do? What's the good word, Shannon? How you family? Boy, I I'm great. Life is good. Life is good. God is good. God is great talk. It's amazing. I'm busy, I'm working. But what we want to talk about in this project that you got dropping 11, which what? It's 11 29, 24. November 29th, 2024, we dropping this new album. It's called Dragon Season. I'm for the first time on your show, Ochocinco salute Shannon Sharpe salute. Congratulations on winning the award for the biggest podcast ever on the BET hiphop awards and all of that.


We gotta get you on bus though. We gotta get you on, bro. We cannot even complete this year without me coming and sitting in the throne and wearing that crown and talking that shit. That what I love to looking forward to it. And I salute you generals tremendously and thank you for having me on tonight to talk about this new album and all of the greatness that's going on with all of us. Well, oh, Ocho say he won that smoke Ocho say he been in the lab with a pin in the pad. He say he looking for you. Hey yo, I'm listening, I'm listening to all of this talk. It sound great though, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, listen, It's one thing my, it's one thing I always do, but you know, you know me, you know, I like to talk it. But one thing when I do talk it, I do walk it now when you put a mic in front of me, you know my penmanship is phenomenal. My penmanship is phenomenal.


And if, if, if, you know, every time I visit New York, you know, I always, I I go around Harlem, I go to the Bronx. Yeah. I go all the boroughs to try to find all the battle rappers just to put 'em in they place. And they lucky if it wasn't for football, I'd probably be the best lyricist of all time. And that go for you too. I gotta laugh at that. That shit sound like a fancy song. Still trying to get right. Sound good. But I'm, I'm keep a buck with you like I was saying a little earlier, you know, and I'm really not into being like a type dude, repeat myself because to, I like to reiterate shit. I'm with every type of smoke, you know what I'm saying?


I'm still waiting on a versus and I want you to know Ocho bus shit front, backwards, sideways, left diagonal, acute angle up. Yeah. Where you want the smoke, you know what I'm saying? I'm with the cigarette. I just wanna know what type of smoke you with No B I'm with the cigarette smoke weed, smoke the forest fire, smoke house, burning down, smoke, whatever type of smoke you want. I'm with it. So with that being said, you wanna still stay on this particular topic because you gonna lose in this conversation alone even before we get to the bars and shit. Or you wanna start talking about something else. Come on. What we doing? I'm Not what? Doing Listen, listen. One, one thing you not gonna do, you're not gonna outtalk me.


You not gonna outtalk me. That's my game and that's my lane on. I always been Fame for doing just that kind of game. So have you wanna do it? We can do it Because When I'm done with you gonna be a shoe with no laces. This ain't what you want Bro. Wait, wait, say that. Say say that again. Say that again bro. I didn't hear that. Listen, listen. This is my game and I ain't talking about no Fame. When I'm done with you gonna be your shoe with no laces. I'm gonna have you grabbing your fingers by your faces. They don't play with me man. What you talking about? Your head and your Oh man, what You wanna do? Yeah, yeah.


I'm gonna show you better than I could tell you after I put this plug in this project once again, everybody in the whole planet, please be clear. Bus rhymes. I'm not taking my foot off the gas pedal. Nobody can't breathe. Fresh off the fresh off of the outta this world tour with my sister Missy misdemeanor Elliot, my sister Sierra, my brother Timbaland, one of the most incredible and successful tours for the entire 2024. I gotta also just let it be known in my brother's tribe called Quest and my beautiful sister Mary, JB the queen of hip hop, RB and Soul all just got inducted in the rock roll hall of Fame this last Saturday. You what I'm saying?


All of these names have been a part of my legacy and I've been deeply interwoven in into their legacy. And all of them have in some way, shape, fashion or form molded me to become an evolve into what I am currently in. All of that is being put into this new album, dragon season, dropping 11 29, 20 24 Thanksgiving night, the morning of Black Friday. Y'all all know what to do. Not playing no games. We ain't showing no mercy. And you know, I think everybody start, start, you know, just thinking they, they plan and, and and, and start readjusting what they next move and their best move is gonna be. Because like I said, prisoners is expensive. You know, when you competing, I just wanna put them in the ground.


You ain't got harbor nothing. You ain't got shelter doesn't close nothing, feed nothing, just put it in the ground. So that's really what we gonna do when it come to this music. And in that, in that aspect, everybody just need to just be careful because they know what time, time, it's when they come to bus rounds, we got love, we gonna be givers of love. But when we respectfully competing, smacking DNA outta everybody paw of they skin, that's really what this, what the bottom line is when it's all said and done. Real talk. I like So bus Yeah. Going back because you come up in an era where guys competed, guys you saw LL and Cool mo d Yeah. You saw guys going at each other. So you had no problem with what transpired this summer, right?


With Kendrick Lamar and Drake? Drake. Oh, absolutely not. I thought it was great. I thought it was like for the sport and for the art of respectfully competing, you know, battles can be very disrespectful. Yeah. And, and and you know, for, for us, as long as it stays on a wax, yes. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's fun. It's entertainment and it's also, you know, still shopping, steal because it, it could happen to anybody. So, you know, if you really in this thing and you trying to classify yourself as a thoroughbred mc, just make sure at any given time when somebody call your name and wanna make sure that you, you, you, you, you, you about what you say you about, that you can handle your business and yeah, that's really what it is.


And it just was great to see it. And it actually to me might have been probably one of the most incredible battles that I've ever seen since the inception of a hip hop culture. I had Fat Joe on the, I had Fat Joe. And Fat Joe said he was disappointed with j Cole because they called him off the porch and he didn't come. Joe says that when somebody called you off the porch, you got to see what they talking about. So Busta, somebody called Busta off the porch, you going, there ain't never been a time that I'm not going or that I haven't went. You feel me? As a matter of fact, as a matter of fact, if there ain't no vehicle to pull up to the goal, then the Uber or the Lyft better be on deck. We pulling up. You better believe that shit.


I look forward to shit like that and I enjoy it because again, as long as it's respectful competition and everybody know we ain't gonna take it beyond that. I lived for those moments because I come from it when it wasn't no, you know, it wasn't no internet and it wasn't no social media platforms and you know, you really didn't even, it wasn't even about the mix tapes, it was just about when you outside and motherfuckers see you and they could spit if a motherfucker, no matter where you was at, you could be in front of a pizza spot. If a, if a dude wanna pull up and start carrying on like he wanna smoke, you gotta be with the shit. And that's the way that you actually got your buzz. It was word of mouth, it was people actually being in the moment in real time watching motherfuckers get busy as real MCs.


And that's what it, that's what I come from. I don't know it no other way, you know what I'm saying? I still live by that. I don't fix what ain't broke. I ain't here to change no rules. I ain't here to abandon the foundation. This shit was built on might add Acra we foundation on Yeah. Yeah. Bus and being an og. Yeah. Give us some of your inspiration because you, in the era, you from the NYC, right? You from where it started. Right? So who were some of the guys that Buster looked up to is like, man, I like that. That's me. That list is long, but I'm gonna go through a few of the names. Rakim, slick Rick, KRS one run bmc ll Yeah.


Yeah. Chuck DB Monkey. And I'm gonna take it, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna move a little forward. Let's, let's, let's go from that generation to the generation after sold Tribe called Quest, dos Effects on effects Far side, you know what I'm saying? Diggable planets. Yes. Let's say, let's say Slum Village from the D Detroit. Yeah. Let's move on to the next generation. Let's go to, let's go to Eminem.


Yes. Kanye, even Pharrell, because everybody think Pharrell just make beats. Pharrell is one of the most venomous MCs when he put to the paper s Snoop Dogg all day, every day, even on Sunday. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Snoop Dogg is dangerous as hell with it too. And, and, and and, and lemme just big up j Cole. Lemme big up Kendrick. Lemme big up Tyler the creator. Let me big up, did I say slick earlier? You did. Ick was in that, in that first group. K one Rock him. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and, and, and I'm gonna be honest man, I love some of these new MCs too from the now generation.


Like I'm a fan of Connie Diamond, she's incredible to me. I'm a fan, I'm fan of, I hope I'm saying his name right. This brother's name is os he's like one of them underground MCs that is one of the most lethal MCs that I've heard in a long time. The incredible female mc and, and, and just dope period. Rhapsody, Missy Elliot, my twin, you know what I I'm saying? Yeah. She's the first female mc to ever be inducted in the rock and roll hall of Fame to this day. You know what I'm saying? But beyond just MCing, she produced, she's responsible for writing songs for your favorite artists.


Some of the biggest records to this day. That's why y don't see Missy Torrance too much because Missy getting so much bags from everybody else. Shit. She can sit at home and chill with her. So Al missy too. And I got a big Rod digger the first the first, yeah. Yeah. Got a rod digger. She's unbelievable. And the one thing that I like about these female MCs, which is it almost feels like an injustice to call them a female mc, is because I know a lot of dudes that don't even want no smoke with them. So they just incredible MCs ain't even even about them being females. But you know, we, we, we, we, we, we say that because that's just the term that we was raised to, to describe our female MCs as, but if you're really asking me, I just think that they dope MCs without the, the prefix of the female part.


Additive mc, I just think they are really some of the most dangerous pens and overall just brilliant minds and genius artists period. You know what I'm saying? But again, like I said, my list is long and I I I'll keep going and going and going. There's also another new artist by the name of Tri that's incredible to me, you know what I'm saying? BK Gutter T Money, Jay Doe. Which is, it's, it's like, I just like to keep my finger on the pulse of everything and just pay attention to all of the different MCs that's not only surviving the test of time, no matter how the music or the culture or the genre or the sound, not the genre, the sound might change, right? Because that's a testament to the resilience and the consistency and the ability to evolve of the elder statesman and a veteran artist.


But I love to make sure that I'm in tune with what's new and fresh. Because at the end of the day, I also realize that as a, a elder statesman myself, you can't put a timeline on greatness. You, and we gotta show them better than we could tell them when we say that, we gotta prove that we able to mean that by not only being dope in every era, but being in tune and being aligned with every, every era of the game. I got people blowing my phone up, seeing us on this stream right now, smiling. Everybody wanna call me right now, niggas leave me alone. But in any event, in any event, my thing is, my thing is what is extremely important is that we walk in our purpose and we embrace the newer artists and we give them the information and we school them and we lift them up and we support them and make sure that we are establishing A-A-A-A-A-A gelling and a glue and a bridging of the gaps and killing that narrative about how, you know, we ain't really, the respect ain't there the way supposed to be.


The rest, the respect is there tremendously. I think the people that's creating that narrative is the one that's afraid of that mutual respect that our generations have because they know we gonna empower them and make it less likely to coach of to to, to rob them and take advantage of them. So, right. You know, I'm a, I'm a big advocate of not only doing it myself, which is why I work with a lot of dope new MCs, but I'm a big advocate of making sure that my peers that are also elder statesmen do it. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I got a big up Queen Latif big up shout Rock, one of the first female MCs ever. I'm bugging, I'm leaving off names as they come to me. I'm gonna just start blurting it out.


But you know, that's, that's something that's important primarily to me at this time in my career. Walking in out with purpose and making sure that we there for the new artists, the way they was there for us, like Chuck D gave me my name, you know what I'm saying? Chuck D gave us the name Leaders of the New School. Big Daddy King used to lemme come to his crib and asked questions. He put me on his albums, you know what I'm saying? He put me on his Prince of Darkness album and lemme rhyme on a joint called Come On Down with me and Q-tip. You know what I'm saying? These brothers really was like, they, they gave us guidance. They helped give us the understanding that you gotta move a certain way.


You know what I'm saying? You gotta rep the culture a certain way. This shit gotta be done with integrity. You know what I'm saying? It's almost weird because it's like at, at that time if an MC wasn't really a a, a mc that was respected by the culture or had the right credibility, you know, we not like that now, but back then we were so proti culture and the, the the the the infrastructure and the laws and the principles and the, the the the the morale and trying to be on the right side of the moral compass of the culture that if you wasn't thorough as an mc in the culture, we could be in the same spot. Motherfucker wanna introduce you to him, you wouldn't even wanna go get introduced to him because you ain't even wanna be seen stand next to nothing that got whack juice on it.


So, so, so it's kind of like, it's the same thing now, but not as intense because we understand it's a different day, it's a different time, but it's always important to encourage MCs and artists that, you know, a lot of artists, they do the rap shit. They not really looking to be no mc and deep dive into the whole thing about overthinking lyrics and being super surgical with the bars and all of that. Because again, it's a different time and it's simple. A thing is working for a lot of people and when it's working for, it's hard to tell 'em to fix some shit that ain't broke, right? Yeah, exactly. Because they get in the bag doing it they way buff. That's a fact. And I respect that. And they could be doing some bullshit in the street, right?


So I'm gonna support anything that anyone is doing that is gonna be pro-life, pro self preservation, pro giving other people opportunity once you're put in position to be the opportunity provider. But we also gotta make sure that we uphold the integrity of the culture because we gotta make sure people are coming in this shit and doing shit that's gonna add to the culture life, add life to it, add integrity to it, shift the climate in a productive way. Make sure that we could all still be proud of this shit, you know what I'm saying? Don't just come in here and try to use this shit just to get what you want for you. Make sure you doing this shit with that intent, but also knowing that this shit that is helping you get everything for you, it's because of it while you're able to get all of this shit for you.


So make sure you be mindful and give a lot back to it. You know what I'm saying? Right? Yeah. Bus lemme yeah. I wanna ask you this bus. Yeah. You, you collab with a lot of people. I mean Janet Jackson, that song that you had with Janet and you've collabed with a lot of people. Are there any who's out there that you haven't collabed with that you'd like to jump on a beat with? Ocho got his hand up bus. Yeah. Yo, Ocho you sure? You ready bro? I'm ready, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm Ready Because we can do this record, like I said though, I ain't, I don't want you, I don't want no friendship with you while we in the booth, bro. Okay? Okay. Okay. Long, as long as you respect that, then we gonna get in this we gonna something I, I I respect that. I'm ready. Alright, let's get to it then. Y'all stay tuned for the bus.


Bus Ochocinco Col. Yeah, I want it now. It don't let, don't let it. Hey, don't turn him loose, do it. Lemme Shannon, I'm I I live by what I say my word bomb, regardless of whom or what. So I'm telling you, you gonna see, and I'm gonna show y'all better than I could tell y'all and when yeah, when he get his as bus and I still put the song out, the disclaimer I'm putting out there from now that we not gonna let Chad, we not gonna let Chad do this and yo no, we not gonna let Chad, Chad, we not gonna let Chad the, the shenanigans where it's like when he, after he get get his his, his whole shit disintegrated in the booth. You know, we not gonna let him do the, get him, you know, I don't think the song should come out because you know, I I, if I'm really proud of my performance or no excuses, there ain't gonna be no cop Plea lie.


It ain't gonna be none of that, bro. So whatever we end up with, if you wanna go back and rewrite, that's fine. You know, I done been in, I done did songs with artists where we send each other the verses and you know, when one motherfucker feel like they getting cooked, they go back and they start adding shit and then, you know, when you feel like you gotta go back and


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I don't have to do that, bro. I'm, I've been cooking, I've been cooking 56 years. What you talking about? I got exquisite, exquisite Penmanship. Get bud, I got exquisite penmanship. What you talking about Man? I mean, I'm trying to see what you talking about. Everybody know what I'm talking about? I've been talking and showing for 34 years. I ain't shit from your side of the motherfucking fence. Playboy. Where You, where you at? Where you at right now? Right now I'm in the west coast moving and shaking. You know, it don't really matter. Okay, I'm, I'm, I'm on the west coast. I'll pull up on you right now. What's happening? Okay cool. So this, what we gonna do, we gonna get off this when we finish with this, I'm gonna let you know the studio I'm at because I'm actually gonna the studio right now. Now what I talking about? Damn gonna the studio now him eight, bro.


Okay. Okay. So that's what we doing. I gonna see you tonight. Wait, hold you in la I'm in LA bro Now I'm in LA right now I'm in Westwood. Good. You five minutes from where I'm at. I'm in Westwood first. Yeah, I'm in Westwood. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So y'all heard it first, you know Shannon said, who's the mc that you ain't working before that you wanna work with? I guess, you know, Ochocinco was the first one that I ain't worked with that we talking about now. So that's number one on the list. I haven't worked with Big Sean yet, you know, I haven't recorded with me and Jake Cole. We, we, we got something, but I ain't, I ain't put it out yet.


So, but you know, I I I still wanna do more work with j Cole. I'm a big fan of j Cole. I'm a huge fan of Kendrick. I did work with him, but I wanna do more with him. But I definitely wanna work with Connie Diamond. I definitely wanna do some work with these brothers called Coast Contra. They some new MCs from the West coast and they are phenomenal. It's like I see myself in them when they get busy. Wanna definitely work with those brothers. Like it's like the way they perform and the way they they animation is like I see young bus rhymes when I look at them, you know what I'm saying? And I definitely wanna get busy with those brothers so big up the Coach Contra and there's a, there's a bunch of new dope MCs that I wanna get with and really cook some dope shit in the studio with.


And maybe even just executive some, some of their projects executive some of their projects. You know, just be able to be a a a even if you're not actually collaborating on records together. I just feel like with all of this incredible information that I've been blessed to receive over the years and throughout time, I just want the opportunity to just, just share that shit. Give the dudes and the, and the females, the artists that's really doing they thing, the opportunity to just take this information and make it theirs and evolve that shit into something else that's even more magic for the culture. That's the type of shit I'm on, you know what I'm saying? Bus Bus. Lemme ask you this. Yeah, give me your new, give me your new NYC, your new New York Mount Rushmore.


You get four heads bus, you get four put four on there. Who you got? Nas is number one. Rakim is number two. Okay, I got two spots left. You got two spots. Bus make it good. KRS One Big Daddy Kane, you got ll you got Ho, you gotta come on with it. Why is it only four man? That's because that's all we got on my Rushmore. This shit is all I, okay what I do since it's you I'll give you five spots. Give you five. All right, cool. Nas, no Rakim, NAS, big daddy Kane, big Daddy Kane, that's three. You got Biggie, you got Ho, you got do I Kr is what do I include Me?


You can include you the damn can. Busta Rhymes is on that motherfucker. And the last one is, it's gonna have to be a toss up between ho and big. Okay. I like that. I like that. It's gonna have to be a toss up between hope and big word. Y you, you know what I I I got one question be be before, before you go. Alright Ken, what's the Best advice you received throughout your career, the best advice you received throughout your career and who gave it to you? The best advice that I've received outta my entire career and my life for that matter was that the most high has blessed me with every single gift imaginable and unfathomable.


And don't ever be selfish enough to sit your ass at home and wait for that same God to come and give you food because you already have every blessed gift that could be bestowed upon you to go and get it for yourself and so many others. And once I realized that, I was told understand that power and that comes with great responsibility because you were made in the likeness of the most high, which means you're almost like the most high. Go out there and show the people and show the world better than you could tell 'em that you are in the likeness of the most high period.


And that I like and that, and that came from my mom's from a Christian perspective because she was 70 Adventist, she's 70 Adventist Christian, excuse me, she's still here. Less than peace to my pops. But I also got that from this brother that was a part of the 5% nation of the Gods and Earths and his name was God Khalifa Law. And when I was around 12 years old, I used to watch the Transformers on TV before I went to school in the morning and I used to watch Tron and shit before I went to school in the morning. And theses would come on like between seven in the morning, eight like an hour, an hour each. So like, you know when you sitting in a crib and you're looking at the TV and you're seeing the Transformers for example, and you see Megatron and he flying down from space and all these superpowers, this this robot got optimist climbing sound wave and star screen and all of them, right?


And then you looking at these dudes with these names as these robots on TV and they super powerful and it's the Transformers. But then you leave out the crib and you go to the little store on the corner and all of the corner stores in the hood was owned by like Spanish dudes and we ain't know everybody name in the, in the deli. So everybody name was Poncho. So you might yo yo poncho, it could be a female. We'd be like, excuse me sweetheart, poncho, could you gimme some Charleston or could you gimme some bubble candy or you know, so what would happen is the guards would be in front of the store early in the morning and they would be over there with names like Lord Victorious and Supreme Justice and Magnetic Divine.


And you know, these names reminded me of the transformers and shit. And then they was talking about how fast the sound traveling, how much the earth weigh and, and and, and what's the total square mileage of the planet and the total square mileage of land and water. And I was looking at them like, what y y'all come from outta space? Y'all talking about y'all talking about how much the earth they, they ain't teaching us this shit in school, right? Where y'all getting this shit from? And they was called the gods. And this is where I was learning a lot of things from that nowhere else was teaching young black youth at the time about who you were as black people.


And it was important to me that I latched onto this information because it felt like I was really being powered up like a Pacman video game when he eat the power pellet. Because I had information that I was storing just from listening to these dudes talk that would take me to school or that I would go to school with and I would start questioning teachers and the shit that they was, you know, whatever they curriculum was that they was teaching and didn't matter if it was social studies or science class or math. And I would really get into some shit like, why you don't, why you teach us the same shit about Frederick Douglas and Martin Luther King and Malcolm X every month. Why you gonna teach us about these brothers that I know about from the street corner from these brothers that I'm building with or that I'm seeing building with each other and why you always talk about, you know, things that it's like a repetitive thing.


Like it ain't even about the growth. It's almost like you're forcing the stagnation on us because it ain't, you ain't teaching me shit that's really useful in anything in life. Like it would just, I me so I would question shit and then it would seem like I was being the, the, the the the disruptive child in school, right? Right. I was being disrespectful to the curriculum and I was being told to stop interrupting and stop asking questions. It just made me feel like, all right, this is really not a premier establishment but you know, we gonna still go and we gonna do what we gotta do but I'm gonna get this information and I'm gonna apply it and I'm gonna share it to the other ways and the other other abilities that I have.


So from making music to making sure that I get to communicate with my peers and share the information when I see them, making sure that I'm able to give it to the generations after me. That's how I feel like I'm doing my duty and fulfilling my obligation with walking with within my purpose in life. And I just feel like it's important to apply that even outside of that level of information and science when it just come to common sense and right and wrong. Right? Share that shit with people so they have the right perspective because you know, 30 seconds of impulsive emotional shit that you can't or that you're not controlling the right way at the time because a 30 year in jail, so, you know, as my brother Shabazz would always say, you know that 30 seconds of not controlling your emotion that could put you in jail for 30 years.


Learn how to just master that. And a lot of times it just takes a good couple of conversations to change the whole dynamic of someone's perspective and way of thinking. Bus we got, we gotta get you outta here on this one 'cause we got someone else in the chat. No problem, problem. We appreciate it. Go check out Bus. He's dropping his album. 11 29 24 Dragon Thanksgiving Dragons There is on the screen. Dragon Season. Dragon Season. Dragon Season Bus. We appreciate it. A tv, film, music, career. Continued success, my brother. Thank you. We'll see you down the road. Thank you Shannon. Thank you Chad Salute. Yes sir Chad for real. Send me that line. Let's get in the studio. Don't run for me now Sucker. Yeah, I got you. I got you. Get Bus, get him. I got you.


Appreciate that bus. Love y'all. Love guys. We got another guy in the chat right now. Is he ready to go? We got another guy in the chat. No, we, we good. He say two seconds. We're two seconds away guys. We really hope you guys enjoy Busta Rhymes met bust on a couple occasions. He's unbelievable. He is a man of his words. He, he Hey, just like you hear him talk. That's him. That's his voice. 24 7. Hey that name Buster Rhymes. There was an actual guy named Busta Rhymes. He was a running back at the University of Oklahoma. I remember it. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.