
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Mel Reed, LPG tool winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports Production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams. Toing the Rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance, C dk nng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed not available in all areas.


T Higgins may not even make it to free agency sports Illustrators reporting that the bingos are planned on placing the non-exclusive franchise tag on Higgins for the second consecutive season. And if he doesn't come to terms on long-term extension before the March 4th deadline, he obviously wants a new deal. Instead of no tag. T Higgins moms had something to say on this T Higgins mom number five, selfish. You. You see what I mean? There it is up there. You see what I mean? She has since deleted her tweet. You see? You see what I mean? Now. Now if mama, if Mama tweet, I know Mama Higgins been listening to what I've been saying. My Bengal fans, I know you in here.


I love you. I love y'all. I love you. But we can't be selfish in this instant when it comes to business. We can't be selfish. Yes, we would love to keep the band together. We would love to keep the band together. It's like New edition. We wanna keep him together. But it is unfair. But Joe, to get his money, it's unfair because Chase, oh, we can't play with him. We need every bring truck, every bring truck coming down the Paycor stadium to pay Jamar Chase. Not for what he's done, but what he's gonna continue to do for the foreseeable future. T Higgin deserved his money as well.


He's not going to be able to, to get what he's worth. If he stays in Cincinnati, he has to be the one to take a paint gun. Nope. Why does he have to be the one to take less? Not only, oh Joe, you don't do that. You give, you give people, you get teams. The home team discount on the second, maybe the third. You have to get as much as you can on your first one in fatigue to get what he deserves. It can't be in Cincinnati. And this is coming from someone that loves my bango down to the core ojo. It's hard for me to feel sorry for a problem they created. Why did they allow the owners to keep the franchise tag in there?


You see for a few extra practices off. You see what y you see what y'all did see they bargained for petty privileges. Okay, why not? Okay, we'll give you one franchise tag, but you can't franchise me a second time. You see, when you bargain for petty privileges, when you bargain for no pad practices, bull jive like that, you push OTAs in training camp back a week. Yeah. And then when it comes down to this man, they franchise technic. That's what you got the players association for. Got no lifetime benefits. But you gotta tell you what also, you ain't got as many paddy practices, but you still got that franchise tag.


Yeah. Yeah. It gives listen it, it gives, it gives ownership leverage and also it, and is also a good thing. Now at, at times, Chad, y'all stay with me now at, at times the franchise tag is not a bad thing. Now what it does allow, it allows teams, it gives them time, it gives them time to try and work out a deal to see if you can reach one in a certain amount of time. You know, because before, before a deadline hits, I like it. Also, I don't like the fact that the franchise tag is used in, in a, in, in a way and in reason. And them basically saying, we value you. We value you, but we don't think you are worth what you're asking for. So we gonna give you top five number, top five money at your position.


And then, but just for one year, I want long-term security. You had, you had T Higgins for three years. You got him a fourth year on the franchise tag. Now what does t Higgins need to show you in year five that you haven't seen in years? 1, 2, 3, or four. Come man, talk to him. Come on now you and I see people talking about the franchise tag is not the worst thing. What if it not the worst? He don't want it. Y'all didn't, y'all gave the franchise tag last year. He played well, he played well the year before. Paid the man or allow, allow, allow him to go someplace else. Yeah. No other, no other place. Baseball don't have a franchise tag. Basketball don't have a franchise tag.


And it's hard to have. It's, it's kinda hard to have free agency when you got a set number. Why, why can't, why can't a senator make what a a, a a a quarterback meet in baseball? A first baseman can make just as much as a pitcher. Yeah. As just as much as a, a center fielder or a third baseman. Why do you gotta have, okay, the quarterback can make this, A wide receiver can make this an edge. Rusher can make this a kicker can make that crazy. Means that means you get what the market can bear. If I'm a system analyst, they ain't got no structure. Well, you know, if you, if you do this, you no, whatever. If Apple want me, I pitch my service to Apple, Google, Microsoft, I get to go to the highest bidder.


Yeah. If I worked for Microsoft for four years, they don't get to put a tag on me and say, okay, I get to keep you. I wanna see one more year. I wanna see if you can do this again in year five. No, but that's where the players should have, because guess what happened? They had a couple of years left on their deal. Lemme tell you what, lemme tell you what the owners did. They had a couple of years left on their deal. They went and redid the deal early. The owners ran right to the won, ran right to the, the business partners Fox, C-B-S-N-B-C-E-S-P-N, Amazon. We got 10 years of labor piece. We wanna renegotiate our deal.


Hey, listen, listen, the the business, the business side of things is always unfair. It's, it's the nature of the business. I, I understand it and I am an avid Bengal fan. I am one that's always stood 10 toes from my Bengals at all times. But in, in this case, I can't not in this case for the team. I understand. But for t no. But the fans that don't understand it and, and, and, and and selfishly want t to, to obviously take lessons, which he, which he would have to do with them paying Jamar. Even with Joe Burrow restructuring in any kind of way. T Higgins is still coming out with the, on the shitty, Hey, guess what, if I'm Tee Higgins give this money, and if y'all need me to restructure next year, I'll do that too.


Because see, you already engaged Joe Bird like $90 million. Yeah. Now he restructured. All you did was take his base salary and give it to him in a side bonus. That's ain't no risk to stop it. Well, lemme say to the maybe the average fan, they don't understand how it works. So if Joe Burrow has a $40 million base salary, they give it to him in a signing bonus. Yeah. Okay. All you did is gimme my, instead of me getting it September through January, you just gave it to me right now. That's it. Okay. So nothing changes. He's still getting his money, he's still getting his worth. He's still getting what he's paid. But you telling me now, damn, you finna franchise me again and players, what, what is saying the players, obviously it is almost an insult despite, despite the numbers, what the numbers might be.


Now I'm not talking about the average person. I'm talking about athletes that are putting in the work, putting in the tide, that are waiting for that moment to get that stability. That's security. Oh, you don't feel I'm worth you gonna franchise me again. Why you franchise them again? Why are you even franchising me again? And I have a great understanding that I'm not going to be able to get what I'm worth. My true 25 understand what T Higgins is gonna get on the open market. Yes. And see, here's the thing. They gonna gonna overpay. Yes.


And it's like, oh, he gonna make 25,000,025 where the going rate is 30, the going rate is 30. Man t man T might C 36, 37. Man. No, I'm saying that's the going rate. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on man. That man say I need, I need 60 million guaranteed. 70. It's a cold game man. It is. But Ocho like I said, that's, that's, that's what you, that's what your players association supposed to be negotiating you for players.


I think 2030, this thing is up. Yeah. Will y'all please start bargaining for petty privileges? Damn padded practices get lifetime benefits. Do away with the franchise tag. Do get something that means something Y'all don't wanna practice in pads. What if you didn't have no franchise tag? Would that be worth it? Ocho what if you, what if you had lifetime benefits? Would that be worth it? Ocho? Yeah. Think about, okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho I played, I ca I got in the league. I I was 22, I played 10 years, I retired 32. Now I get insurance from the league for five years.


So I can take it to any five years that I want to. So I take it from when I retire to now I got, I got insurance till I'm 37. It start falling apart in your forties and fifties. Yeah. Yeah. Lemme now you on your, when you look at it, look at baseball players and people like when you baseball players make a ton of money and they got lifetime benefits. Basketball players make a ton of money. They got lifetime benefits. Yeah. Because you know why basketball players say we gonna set it down. Remember they struck? Yeah. Yep. Baseball, they canceled the World Series half.


Now look at it, you know, 765 million, 700 million, $500 million deals. Yeah. And you know it, it is going, it is going, it is gonna take, it's gonna take, it gotta be one band, one sound. Huh? It gotta be one band, one sound, sound and the start, it started, it start with a quarterback. 'cause the quarterback gotta lead. They gotta, they gotta lead the chase. The quarterbacks have always been on their own program. They got, they had the qb they had the QB club. See when the Players association, there was a quarterback club. And then the quarterback club started taking some of the best players. They got an name Ms. Smith to join 'em. They got a Bruce, they got some of those guys.


Yeah. So you had your third, your quarter, your top quarterbacks, they were in a club all by themselves. They negotiated, they did things on their own. They weren't a part of the players association. So see that was the first thing the owners say, we got 'em. See, they already split. The owners might not like each other, but they staying 32, 320 toes down. All I need to see is a little splintery. And nigga, all I need to see is a little splintery. I got you. Cardi B was parted out with Stefan digs on Valenti's Day. Hey, it was removed that Cardi B had an affair with digs while she was pregnant with Offset child.


Oh Lord. Hey Sta Hey, hey, hey, hey. Huh? It's like, it's like, I'm trying to think. I, I, how far along was she? I know I'm, if she wasn't showing, I don't know about that now that, that, that could, that could be, that could be false. That could be, you know, a rumor of some sort. But Yeah, but Hey, Steph, Steph, young, young Bull be doing his thing, bro. You know? But I, but I, hold on, hold on. Whoa, whoa. Let's just say for the sake of, of MI get it.


You know you married, that's your girl. Right? You know, y'all, y'all do what y'all do, right? I don't know about hitting somebody else's girl. Ocho Hey, was she cracking? Hold on. I don't think, and she showing. Yeah. I don't think that, I don't think that was true. I think that might have been fabricated. I think that might have been fabricated and that might have been fabricated. Who? Lord. Yeah. Yeah. That's a listen, I, I I, I tell you uncle I tell you somebody talking about she was seven to eight months. Hey, I got dirty. Hey uncle, when you been, when you, when you've been around long enough, you hear me? Yeah. When you've been around long enough, you have great experience in this area.


I have great experience in this area and it's a lot more peaceful when you're number two as opposed to number one where you know how things go. Cardi outing with Diggs is for the second time they've been seen out in public in less than a week before that Cardi tried to downplay the rumors about Digg during an Instagram live, live Cardi filed for divorce from Offset her husband of seven years last August, right before giving birth to their third child. When there's smoke, there's fire. You know that right? I just, you, you ain't hear me, huh? Yeah, when there's smoke, there's fire. See her new dude really ain't her new dude.


You just never knew you. Not you not you not hearing me. I heard what you're saying. Her new dude ain't her new dude. You just never knew. Oh wait, it's always smoke when there's smoke there. Fire all the time. All you have to do is, well, I've said, I've said, if I'm not mistaken, I think he tweeted something about, you know, you sleeping with somebody else when I was Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, damn. Lord have mercy. Okay, listen, if the, if the tweet goes out, there's where there's smoke, there's fire. So there you go. There you go. Oh, the, the plan B is always there. It's, it's always there.


She might not cheat on you, but she know who got next. Come on now. We've been doing this a long time. We do not live in delusion. We live in reality based on experience. Just slumped down in the chair. Yeah. Hey man, listen boy, y'all step, step. Hey, hey, step step one. No ones now. You won't play with you. You, you slip and you slip up if you want to. Ooh. What? Oh man. Yeah. You see who? Man, I'll sit from the crib, man.


You can't do no Georgia boy like that. Think about who else, who else you mess around playing around with your girl and they Steph future Trey songs before he got in trouble. You know, you know with the little incident, Trey? Yeah, Dre. Hold on. Lemme, lemme go. I got one more. One more. If you got, if you got that paper that can put 'em on them private Chris and bring them to you, Chris Brown. You know, you and your girl going through it and you know with somebody, you know, she, you know, you know fine. Oh yeah. All right. Oh. Oh, she unhappy. Alright. I don't, I don't want that kind of, I don't want, I don't, I don't want that kind of problem.


Yep. It's a dirty game, man. I offset, I hear tweeting talking about, I had you last week, by the way. Oh my new beat battle. Oh, oh, oh. They go, they going at it. It's, oh, hey. Petty, petty boy. Oh, Joe, let that go. Oh. Oh. Hey, let that go, man. Yeah, I mean, listen, listen. The game of the game, huh? You just under, you gotta keep it what they call it. You gotta keep it P huh. I don't know what that mean, but I, I, it sound right in this situation. You gotta keep it peak. Sometimes you get there. Yeah, Lord. Sometimes you get God, but you live to play another day.


You gotta remember, she's not yours. It's just your turn. Stay with, stay with me now. She's not your, it's just your turn. Damn, damn, damn. Come on now you, and listen, you've been around long enough, you hear me? I've been number two. Yes. I've been number two long enough to know all the tricks in the games and the trade and the come on now in my twenties and my thirties, I'm almost 50. Why you think I'm trying to wave my white flag? Man? I don't wanna, I don't wanna play. I don't wanna play.


No ho You, you can have, you can have y'all, y'all can have that. I, I don't wanna play. Well, my, my dog Ocho coming in out the rain. It's time to put the old, the launch in the umbrella. Yeah. I'm, I'm hanging it up, man. I'm hanging it off. Well, it's a dirty game.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So, where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say Woman Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code. And we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yapp, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Oh, Joe Kendrick Lamar is the first rapper to hit 100 million monthly Spotify listeners. As of Monday, Kendrick had 100,000,050 2025 monthly listeners making him the first rapper to hit that figure on Spotify.


Yeah. He's the ninth artist to do this overall. Ariana Grande, Billy Eilish, Bruno Mars, Justin Bieber, lady Gaga, Mariah Carey, Taylor Swift, and the weekend. That's that's pretty good company. Yeah. I love other rappers. Closing in on this spot are Drake, 77 million Travis Scott, 75 million Eminem, 74 million Post Malone, 69 million and yay, 67 million. That's dope, man. That's, that's really dope. That's really, really dope. I'm, listen, I'm happy for Kendrick. Obviously he's always been a phenomenal rapper. You would've had to, to have actually been a fan of his in general before, you know, the, the, the beef between him and d Drake because he's always put out great music.


I'm not sure his music was one for, for all, you know, that, that all listening enjoyment. It wasn't that kind of music. You would've had to have been a fan of Kendrick before to understand how good and great he is, especially as a lyricist. And listen to the story he tells his albums were always a story, old Story told a phenomenal story. And it, he listen, he, he's done great work. He's done great work to date as, as well as Drake. I'm, I'm a I'm a fan of both individuals and I'm a fan of both of their bodies of work and resumes in general. So I listen, I have no horse in that battle or fight or Right, but you know, you, you don't have to pick sides.


Everybody didn, pick his sides or I like this guy. I like this guy. Like, oh, I I like both of them. I like both of them. And neither one of 'em could be me and rap. Neither one of 'em and Drake. Drake know that. Kendrick know that too. I was a lyricist before I was a lyricist. You know, Drake is a love boy. I was a lover boy when Drake was in Pampers. I've been doing that. I had a heart in my, in my fade in 87. So I was doing that, you know, I had the chicks, I had the chicks in, in high school, you know, and in junior high. Like I, I've been doing that. So what they doing and going through, and I lived that life two times.


Drake trashes, Jamar de Rose in Jersey on on stage in a newly released footage from his Sydney show. Drake was tossed a DeMar DeRozan jersey by someone in the audience as he performed Rich Flex after Drake realized it was der Rosens, he slammed the NBA's vet jersey to the ground. If the audience didn't know that the two still had still were, weren't on good terms. Yeah, they know. They know now. It quickly became clear and it it, it is understandable though. Oh, Joe, check this out. Okay. Drake and De Rosen's relationship soured at the later period on stage at Kendrick Lamar, the pop out concert and dance dis sc and date dis track distract. Yeah. Not like us. De Rosen also appeared in the official video of the song that came out the next month.


Remember when DeMar told me on Club Shehe, no matter what, when it comes to him, he'll forever have a friend and me and loyalty out of me because he carried, he was one. He was there for me when everything was kind of going crazy. I mean, that's what DeMar de Rose told me. Oh, club Shaha. Now if it's a lie, he told it. But that's what he said. Listen, DeMar in to Toronto. Obviously he had a relationship with Drake. I don't know the extent of that relationship when DeMar was there, it was very good. Yeah, yeah. It was very good. But, and then I, you, you think about DeMar Rosen's background being from la being from Compton, from Compton where Kendrick Lamar is from.


I understand the whole loyalty aspect of things, you know, off the court when you're not in Toronto, you are from Compton. I do understand Drake's side of it, but hold on. You my dog, you my homie man. You my dog. You should really have no horse in this race. You understand this song? That's about me. I know that's where you from, but I thought we was cool. You ain't gotta be in the video and all. You ain't gotta be Crip walking and you know, throwing up the, you ain't gotta be doing all that, you know? So, okay. That's what we on, that's the type of time we on all Drake did take. Yeah, Drake done took notes, then jotted everybody number down, not number everybody name down that jumped on that bandwagon.


Yeah, he did when he was at war to take they personal shots as well. Oh, okay. It's on Be be That's what it did at night. It was 99 against one. Huh? It was 99 against one. And there's only one way Drake could win. And that's in the booth. Continue making great music like you've always done. That's it. I ain't coming on no dis tracks. I'm just gonna make this, I'm just gonna make this stuff that's gonna sell to screaming and, and people gonna like, that's it. He just put out an album doing what he does best. I album for the ladies. Yeah. My album for the women. Oh, he, listen, two things can be true.


You can lose a battle and still be sitting right on top. Yes. You can lose a battle. Don't mean you lost the war. There's a difference. He lost the battle. He didn't lose. He just did like Jay Cole, the war Jay Cole for album. I'm out. This, you gotta fight it there quick. Now I'm wait, have it JJ Cole say, I don't want no part of that. Understand, understandable. What or what Didn't make a whole lot of sense. Yeah. Still doesn't, I mean, look, the the song had a catchy phrase and I I mean it had a catchy hook.


It is, it is what it is. But you, Drake, bro, you got a big old jumbo jet. Got a $55 million crib in, in Toronto. Got a big crib in la, got a crib in Houston, probably got crib in on five continents. Yeah, man, I've let that ride. I've let that ride so quick. Hey. But it's tough O Joe. I get it. Hey, listen, hon, honestly, draping Kendrick need to be thanking me. They do. For what? 'cause I chose to play football. You chose the right thing. You'd have been broke as hell. Ooh, boy. You ain't never Listen, you, I just told you, I just explained to you who I was in junior high, but I was a lover boy.


You hear me? I was a lyricist. I was like, NAS, I was like Nas back then in junior high. No. You, you want me to, you want me to rap real quick? Lyricists. I mean, you know, you talk about Nas you talk about Big Daddy Kane. You talk about KRS one. I used, listen, I used to rap like big LL in junior high. My, my teacher used to call me outside and had me rap for the principal. That's how good I was. Mm. Yeah man, I tell you, no lie, I tell you. No lie. I, I ha I have so many gifts I really haven't really, really been able to expound on because I just been, I, I just been on the go.


I on the go. Good thing you, you saved the world from having to hear that. And, and we we're very thankful for that. We're very thankful for that. And we, we greatly appreciate it. O Joe. I mean, you look at Rakim. Oh, different. Well, you talking about lyrics, I different that I be, I grew up, I grew up in that era. K KRS one. Ugh. Yes. Nasty work. Big Daddy Kae. Hey, no, hold on real quick. Chad. Y'all want me to, y'all? Yeah. Chad, y'all want me to give you a quick 16 real quick? Like, y'all don't understand. I come right off the top of the head too, like, I'm special.


I'm like Lil Wayne. I'm like, Jay-Z I in junior high. I ain't writing nothing down, man. I know your grades would indicate that. Who? Oh, I had your grades. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. That in high school, in junior high, boy, I had, oh, I had 5 0 5 stars in satisfactory. What you talking about? I know. Think about that. You getting say you getting stars in junior high. Yeah. Let that y'all in the bungalow in the back. I know, I know. Yeah. I I knew I I knew exactly.


Oh shit. Oh damn. I curse same class the whole day. Yeah. Then leave. Oh yeah, we call room here. Spell it here. Math here. I tell you. No loud boy. I joke was in the same classroom, Chad, the whole day. Hey, when it was time to go to lunch, we had the whole hand. Yeah, I know. I know, Man. You need help on your man. You, you really need help. Oh, little Wayne's daughter. RA Carter clapped back at those heading on Wayne's SNL 50 performance after Wayne performed a medley of his hit songs during the Sunday show.


The roots acting as his back backing band. Some people used his performance as an example of why he wasn't selected to play the Super Bowl. When RA caught wind of the comments, she defended her dad on the Shade Room Instagram comments. She was very clearly pointed out that her father was well paid for his time while the Super Bowl performance didn't get any money to play. Y'all are some D riders. My dad's been having fun performing for years. He's truly himself when he hits the stage. Go play with y'all mofo kids. He collected a check after this. Y'all get there. What are y'all getting for Haiti? Not a D thing. Listen, I I understand Resonate.


You know that, that that's my little dog. You know, and you know, you, you gotta defend your daddy. You gotta defend your daddy. You know, everyone's going to have an opinion. Are they gonna have an opinion? Unc? Not just, that's the world we live in. You know, they want Lil Wayne to, to look and perform a certain way based on what we're used to seeing from Lil Wayne. But now that's But you don't get no performance like that at event like the sa SNL No. Yeah. There's only so much you can do. There's only So you can do. Right. You know, there's only, I mean if, if, if, I mean, if he like would, if I could see him at a performance like a Woodstock or a Rolling Lot or something like that, I could have something to judge it by. But I'm not gonna judge Little Wayne performance at SNL 50 and compare it to somebody performing at the Super Bowl.


That's two different events. That's two different, different. And I, I think what they're, they're talking about based on what they, I I, I didn't see it. I didn't see it. But the only thing they can compare it to maybe the energy, maybe the stage presence may maybe after that. That's the only thing I can think of. That's the only thing I can think of. Because when you think about Lil Wayne performing, I think energy, excitement, engaging with the crowd, getting everybody going. I tell you what, who wanna see Lil, let's just say it, four verses. Who wanna see Lil Wayne of no verses hold. If you put Lil Wayne in the burs, who the hell he gonna go against? There's only, that's what I wanna say. That's, I, there's only a handful of people that can actually have the catalog to even go against it, right?


Me? Nah, they don't have no, they people don't even sell catalogs no more. You gotta go online and see it. Right? I mean, I mean, I mean catalog. I'm speaking of his body of work as far as music is, is, is, is. I know what you're talking about. Okay. My bad. I'm, I'm, I'm, well, I thought, I thought Tim and Swiss Beach Swizz. I thought they was gonna be, I I about, I thought they was about to start verses up again. I, that that would've been good. That that would've been good. But I don't think anybody would, would, would probably watch as much as they did before. Because it was good.


Because everybody had to be in the house. Wasn't nobody Yeah. Using Covid. Yeah. Covid was going on. But that was, that was the perfect time to do something like that. Who y'all wanna see who y'all had to see Battle? Wayne? Some people say Kanye. Okay. That's a good one. Because Kanye has the catalog to be able to, to, to match. Now the sounds have got, there are completely different. The sounds of the music are, this is Apples oranges still great in their own right, but completely different. I, I say Lil Wayne, Jay-Z.


No. All right, Ocho, we got your favorite. Say goodbye. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Oh yeah. Chat. Let's give it up. Fellow Cinco. Okay. Ocho, your first word is boudoir. What? When I lie awake in my boudoir, it's a old fashioned word for a bedroom. Say it again. B boudoir. B boudoir.


No boudoir. Bo Bwo friends had a song. When I lie awake in my Bois, I think of you. Do you think of me? Boo boo. Bo boudoir. Bo boudoir. B-B-O-O-D-U-A-R-B-O-U-D-O-I-R-B. Well that made, Hey, that's a good one. Now you just gave me a word I never heard before. I never heard nothing like that. And I I've read the au nigga front to back. Front to back. I've read the thesaurus. I've never heard that before. Yeah, I guess I think you about to skip the, the, the bees.


How about this here? Poignant. Poignant. He made a very poignant po. P-O-N-I-E-N-T-P-O-N-I-E-N-T. Poignant. P-O-I-G-N-A-N-T. Oh, poignant. Come on man. What are we doing? Hold on, let me, let me slow down a little bit. Let let me slow down a little bit. Yeah. 'cause I, I'm, I'm being, I'm being, I'm being too, I'm being too fast. I'm being too slick. Guillotine, like the chokehold, like what I'm gonna do to James Harrison. Yes. I don't even actually it was a device that was used to behead someone in French in France.


So if Chuck brought Y out to the Guillo team, they let it down and off with the monkey's head. Ooh, that's a good one. Guillotine. And, you know, you know, I don't know how to spell that man. Hold on. I remember. Listen, remember Braveheart, remember the, the movie Braveheart when you scream Freedom? Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I mean, that was a ax. But still same concept. Gi guillotine, gh Gee G Man, forget this. G-E-I-G-U-I-L-L-O-T-I-E. I didn't guine, I finish. No, you was already off.


You was already off. I was, damn. How about this Ojo reconnaissance, when they send you out, when they send you out to check something out before you have to go out and do it. They sent OCHO out on a reconnaissance mission when I was in the Army. Yes. Reconnaissance. R-E-C-O-N-A-I double. S-A-N-C-E. Correct. R-E-C-O-N-N-A-I-S-S-A-N-C-E. Reconnaissance. Hey, but hey listen, I'm feeling good too.


And I'm, I'm spelling these words with confidence and they wrong you confidently wrong. How about this one? Okay. I got, I promise you, I promise you. Rapport. Rapport. Yes. R-E-P-O-I-R-E-R-A-P-P-O-R-T. Damn. Rapport. It's a good sense of understanding and trust. Yeah. 'cause me, me and my quarterback, we had a great rapport. Yeah. Hey, I'm, I'm oh for four.


Huh? 1, 2, 3, 4. No, you. Oh, for five. Damn, for real. What's this other word? See, you can't even say a word. Oh yeah. You ain't gonna get this one. What is poor Manto? Oh, a Port Manto. Oh, a Port Manto. I had one A who? He was an lv What's the Lv A Louis. It's a large suitcase. Hey, what's, say the word again? Port Manto.


Where you getting these words from? That the sars that you supposedly had read. I, I, I listen, I I read it. I read it. 'cause I, I I studied Damn. Hold on there. For Manto. Yep. For P-O-U-R-M-A-N-T-L-E-P-O-R-T-M-A-N-T-E-A-U Po. Manto. I don't, I don't Y'all cheat.


Y'all cheat me over there. Somebody over there cheat me because, and I know nobody in the chat. I know y'all are not laughing. 'cause they, y'all ain't know how to spell none of them words too. It's okay. It's okay to be real. It's okay to be real. And don't lie.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the Heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hacks and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you wanna keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. All right. O Yo, now it's time to dunk on. Alright, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready.


Where we at? Okay. Okay. Hey Chad. Here we go man. Dunk on on tonight will be based on black history and some pop pop culture since we are in February. And it is Oh Lord. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Chad, we got him right here. Chad. We got him. Lemme know when you're ready. Go ahead Chad. Stay with me and don't put the answers in the chat. Born in 1867, this entrepreneur is often cited as a first female self-made millionaire in the US Thanks to her successful haircare products for black women, Madam CJ Walker. Goddammit, somebody told you that, huh?


And you ran that in the chat. Okay, here we go. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. She refused to give a proceed on a Montgomery Alabama bus in 1955 sparking the bus boycott and further igniting the Civil rights movement. Rosa Parks. It was a middle name. I wish I could tell you don't, Joe. Okay. Now I just gave you that easy one just to get you in the flow of things. Okay. I appreciate that The Harlem Renaissance was propelled by this poet's work, including Harlem. What happened to Langston Hughes? Yeah.


You must stop playing with old Shane. Give that give let me log in right quick. I just haven't Look, I doubt somebody. Hey, you know, hold on, hold on, hold on on, hold on now. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on now. Something is a little sketchy. Now. Now who knight have you, were you briefed on these questions? Did they give you something to study before we did this? 'cause I'm trying Toand. Yes sir. How before I even finish, you know, asking the question you answering because I don't want you to say the Chad helped me out. So that's why I'm answering them fast. Because you gonna say the Chad helped me. Now the Rosa Parks one. I understand. I get that one. Now. The rest of 'em, you, I ain't even finishing. You just throwing a, you throwing the answer out?


Yeah, I black, I went to a black school. I mean, I, I should know a little something. Okay, here we go. Known as the Moses of her people. She was an abolishing abolitionist who guided dozens of enslaved individuals to freedom via the, nah, this ain't fair. Who was this? What was her nickname? Don't gimme her real name. What was her nickname? Harriet Tubman. What was her nickname? You said? She was named Black Moses. Okay. Yeah. Okay. You got that one. You got that one. Alright, here we go. Here we go. What fictional HBCU was attended in the show.


A different world human. Okay, hold on. Okay. Okay. And family matters. What was Steve Kels more attractive swab, alter ego. Oh, hold on. Yeah. Yeah. Gotti. Gotti.


I don't know that one. Yeah. Stefan, Stefan, Stefan, you and you. Nah man. I, Hey Chad, time out. Time. I need, I need to talk to like, because your questions were somewhat easy and the fact that you went to A-H-B-C-U, it made it even easier for you. Now when it came to me, now I know I was a spelling, spelling bee hand from 1985 to 1997. But the words that I'm being asked to spell are so far extreme, bro. Do you, do you see the words those little kids be spelling? Yeah, but that is, that is their profession. That ain't no profession.


It's their profession. Bad. Them kids, trust me, they can spell, but they know a lot more ish than spelling words. Most of those kids are homeschooled. Right. And they be graduating like 13. See, that's the problem. I wasn't homeschooled now, you know, I was, I was in the back of the bungalow in the, in the, in the, you know. Damn man. I, I went, oh, for five. I, I, that don't sit Oh, for six. You ain't had to say that. You ain't had to throw that there. And I was, I was so confident about tonight too. Chad, I let y'all down. Chad, I apologize. Like, on, on behalf of me. I, I I really apologize. I let y'all down and I'm embarrassed.


Not just myself, but I embarrass y'all as well. Damn. I'm sorry, Ojo. All right. It's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. That was horrible. Curvy Asian doll said Ocho. Happy birthday to your baby girl. Appreciate that. Appreciate that her cash, appreciate that. Her Cash app and accepting though, love you guys and the show. And I know my, my baby girl, she probably watching, I know she probably playing Call of Duty right now. You shouldn't be asleep 'cause I know you got class in the morning. Happy birthday to my wonderful Chelle Kira Johnson.


Beloved, I know you got track practice and I know you have class in the morning, so get off the goddamn game and go to bed. Happy birthday baby. Drew said, I have a solution to save the NBA Allstar game. Make it East versus West again. And the winning conference gets home court advantage to for the finals. I agree. That's a good one. I think that was a solution. Yep. Kinda like what baseball gave. Yeah, that's a good one. J Davis says, what are your thoughts on these two, $300 million contracts paid out per game? I'm, I'm, I'm I'm what is per game y Yeah, I mean, it's to say, I mean, how, I mean you're asking how much are the, is a a contract worth per game if you're making that kind of money?


Because they, I think, I think best, I think they get paid twice a month for the season. Why? Why they playing? They get played twice a month, if I'm not mistaken. Joy, no fun. You could revive the All-Star game by ma taking them overseas. Stay with me Now. European soccer does it in the off season. On the off season, could encourage players to build their brand throughout the international exposure. What do you think? OI like that. I like, I mean, but a lot of 'em do. They go to Japan, they go to China, they go to Thailand, they go to single, they go, I mean they go to a lot of these Asian countries. What would you, oh, what's up?


Well, Victor said, we can say a lot of things about the NBA players, but the N-N-B-A-P-A looks out for its players, especially their top players. Shout out to King James and CP three for helping them get their money. N-F-L-P-A need to do better. Shut it down. Well, you, you also have to understand now, now before you say that, now remember, the players have guaranteed contracts. Their money's already guaranteed. You know what they did, right? They fought for that. Oh yeah. They, they shut it down. Okay. They shut it down. Now think about how many of them it is compared to NFL players. Players are relying l what happened? I I, look, I'm gonna give you a little, little history.


I think they struck it 82, they struck it 87. You guys got locked out in 2011 in 87. I ain't gonna call no names, but y'all need to go back and look at those guys, right? That a lot of those are first ballot hall of famers and see how many of 'em crossed the picket line. Mm. I ain't call no names, but y'all gonna take a look at it. I don't need, I don't need to say, I ain't gonna say anymore, but y'all go look at the guys that were playing. Ryan is asking Ocho, is a sporting event a good first date? That's a phenomenal first date. That's a great question too. But you have to understand the type of woman you're dealing with for a first date.


You want to, you want to make sure she, you've asked her questions on what she likes to do and if she likes sports, if she likes sports, a sporting event is a great way to break the ice hockey game. Nascar, I'm not sure if you've ever been to a NASCAR race you set up. That is, oh my goodness. Now obviously football is cool, but I'm just saying things that are fast paced where you could, you could conversation and Yeah. You need, while you watching go to, you know, I wanna go, probably go to one of, go to Daytona, Talladega, Charlotte, Andy, one of those big super tracks where you just booking it.


You got two miles, you got two and a half. I mean, you got that two mile oval, two and a half miles. Yeah. Exciting. Very. Yeah. I don't know if anybody in this chat has never been to nascar. If you haven't, even if you don't like nascar, the experience is different. When you're actually there sitting in the stands, you will enjoy it. Willie said the streets need go. James on club Shahi interview Ocho. When we hitting first watch, oh boy. If he and Miami, boy, I'm gonna be a first watch tomorrow morning, boy, after I hit the gym. So right there in Pine, right there in Pines, in the plaza with Walmart every time. Filthy McNasty. Yo, unc and Ocho, how about a trade?


UNC gets his money, UNC gets his fun calls and his trophies. Sounds like it's even to me. How can we make this happen? Are we still talking about that money? Why you even brought that up? Yeah, you know what up, yo, we right there in New Orleans, we're about $5,200. You you ain't you you forgot to tell me. You forgot to tell me. If you had told me, I I would've remember. I would've remember. I promise you all, you had to say something because I had cash on me too. Jordan, over LeBron wizards have no identity, no culture. Sheldon Pope says, Ocho, you think this tank Davis fight gonna play out how you think this tank Davis fight is gonna play out?


You know, how this fight? Are we gonna get Tank versus Shakur? Oh, tank versus Shakur. No, he, the, the Tank, Davis Tank is fighting somebody else first. I think Brother Ruth, right? And then he's asking, how are we going to get Tank versus Shakur? Yeah, I I, at some point we're gonna get Tank versus Shakur. I'm not sure when, now obviously this tank fight that he does have coming up, if I'm not mistaken, sometime in March, I think it's gonna turn out how all the tank fights have, have, have come out. He's fighting a, you know, a a, a quality opponent. I don't think it's gonna be a walk in the park. But at some point, at some point, like all his fights have turned out. You know, I think he's gonna come out on a winning end. And that's no disrespect to his opponent.


His opponent. And obviously if, if him and Shakur fight, man, that's gonna be nice. That's gonna be special. That's gonna be a great fight. How it's gonna turn out, I don't know because Shakur, when it comes to, to, to being a magician from a defense nigga, Shakur's defense is his offense. His defense is his offense. So I'm not sure how that's gonna turn out. The person that makes the fewest mistakes wins that fight bear. Oh, that's a good question. That tank at Ja Crew would be a good one.


Teddy Bear, bear, the sha have enough power to keep tank off of him too. That's the question. That's the, that's Oh, that's good. Hey, look at that little pit bull. What's up, Teddy? Talk. Say my name Teddy Bear. I'm two years old. I went to the vet today and they told me that I need to, I ain't gonna be able to, I ain't gonna be a father.


What happened? He said I'm gonna have to go out and go a procedure. Oh, man. You gotta, you gotta, and that's, you got him neutered. I'm gonna have to, nah, why? He, his prostate is enlarged. Okay. Okay. Okay. And so, and plus he's got, he's got the personality he's gonna have. So I've only had, I've only had two of my dogs. I mean, one of them got like, he was like nine when it happened, but, so probably in the next month I'm gonna have to undergo, undergo a procedure.


Damn.


Thank you guys for watching another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com.com to join the Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we want to thank each and every one of you for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shay by La Portier. We do have it in stock, in abundance, and if you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door, huh? Oh. Oh yeah. Oh my bad. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsible responsibly and please stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of his platform, Sheha Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. We just dropped our Nightcap and Chill collection on Friday. I'm wearing the T-shirt. Oh, George wearing the hoodie. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and when they're gone, they're gone. So again, thank you guys for tuning in tonight for Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's ocho. We will see you on Wednesday. Thank you for joining us, Teddy. Tell him bye bye. The Volume,


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner, And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports Production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.