
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online From Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SNH u.edu today to get started.


Holiday magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or dsw.com.


I'm partnering with PayPal this Black Friday. Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card? Earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah, tech. Don't just pay PayPal terms And limit apply C terms at paypal.com/rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UA for Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, Casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Russell Westbrook became the first player in NBA history to record 200 triple doubles swish. What will Russ's legacy be? Oh, I think it, I think it's tough, man, because Russ, I think Russ could be like the king of jack of all trades. Like he could, he really has done it all in so many different areas. But like, I don't think people talk about his intensity that he brings to the game even still right now. Like when he first came into the, into the league, he, he, he was able to make an impression just 'cause he was so athletic and he was like, he obviously had kd but like his intensity that he played with, he's one of the smartest players I've played against.


He's In your face, he's guarding, he's taking on the challenge one-on-one, whoever the next person is. He ain't really passing it off. Like even when him and Dave used to have they back and forth, he's guarding. Dang. Like it ain't like, oh, all right so and so go guard him. And then on the other end somebody gonna guard me. So our matchup is get your numbers against. Right. Somebody else opposed to your matchup? No, they take, he taking a matchup head on. So for me, man, he is, he's one of the greatest of all time. I love Russ dog. He's, he got a great heart. Like, more than anything, like he's just a great person, man. Russ is like, I've honestly, man, he's one, he's one of those rare people who like, who really have a true balance of who they are on the court and who they are off the court.


Because you can get, you can, you can lose who you are in between the media line and, and in real life. And just on, like for me, I lose it in, in the sense of, I, I'm always aware of where I am and who I'm with and what I'm doing because people already anticipate me to be on some, some bull jump. Like They got a perception of switch, They got a perception of me that I'm already on some, some, some Bs. So in my mind I'm wearing a tuxedo, like I'm, I'm here. Right. So it's, it's a different, it's a fine line, but for him, like I really love his balance between his normal life with his kids and his wife and his, his ability to play basketball and, and, and flourish.


Yeah. Me, I, I I I like, I like Russ. I like Russ a lot. You just, just watching him and like, like JR said, I like the fact that the person you see on the court is exactly the same person you see off the court. He's authentic. There's some, there's something about Russell man. It, his aura, the way he plays the energy he plays with the, the passion, it just, he reminds me of, of a comparison and I'm gonna use football for better context for those that are watching. He reminds me of Steve Smith senior. He plays with a chip on the shoulder. He plays angry, he plays violent. He just, he just Plays every, every play. Every play. He think it's his last he go all out.


Yeah. It's like somebody pissed him off. Yeah, he played like somebody pissed him off and I, I, I have an appreciation for him and, and a love for his game. He doesn't get a lot of credit, you know, the credit. I think he deserves a lot of people, you know, make fun of him. Maybe, you know, by this shooting, he's, he's not shooting and when he has a off night, they, they, you know, he picking at him, you know, based on, you know, what he's accomplished and obviously he's a great player. So the scrutiny is a little bit, little bit harsh more than others because, you know, they expect more from him. Two time MVP by the way. Yeah. He won, he won the MVP with a triple who won the average. Nobody thought it could be done again after Oscar did it. And Russ did it for an entire four times as matter of fact, he did it like three or four times About say four times.


Yeah. Yeah. He did it three or four times. And so it just goes to show, I mean, the thing that I can say about it, man, that joke play hard. Every effing game. Every game, every game of his entire, of his entire NBA career. I saw him, I saw him, I think it was his freshman year when they went to the NCA, they went to the title game. I think that was at, they played in Indy. I think they played in Indy. I think that was his freshman year or maybe his sophomore year. Maybe his freshman year. UCLA. Yeah. Freshman. Yeah. No, I think he came out as a sophomore. Did he? Yeah, I think so. It's crazy because when I was like, when I was working out with him and like I can see like now, like in the, in the best thought or, or like thing that I could put to mind with it was like when Marshawn was saying like, I just wanna, like, if I hit you in the face, I hit you on this play, then I hit you again, then I hit you again over and then I hit you again.


Eventually you gonna fold, but I'm gonna hit you again. And then I'm like, that's how I think about Russ. Yeah. Like, it, it ain't no, there's no, I'm going through you. Lot of people can go around, you can go over, you can go do this and I'm going through you. And I I love that. I love that shit. Yeah. He's a Generational talent too, For sure. Is his career, if, do we think of him different? Had he stayed in OKC? I think going to, going to what? Where did he He went to Houston, then he went to Washington, then he came to the Lakers, then he went to the Clippers.


Clippers. Nah, Denver. Nah, somebody bought him out. Did, didn't he go to Utah? Yeah, he went to, he Went to Utah and Utah bought him out talking, Bought him out. Then he, he in Denver now, right? Yeah. Nah, I don't think I'd take away from him because it's like Melo. I don't think I take away from his credibility. I mean, I know he doesn't, I know Melo don't have the stats and awards or whatever, but like when you start jumping around from team and team at the end of your Career. Yeah, that's what I, that's I that's what I mean. It's kinda like, kinda like Shaq at the tail lead. Yeah. Like I don't think from, You know, you go, you go. Yeah, I don't think so because it's not like he's, to me it's not like for a person like Russ or a player like Russ. I don't think he's searching for a championship. He's searching to play the, for the genuine love of the game.


He genuinely loves the game. He love the atmosphere. He lo like there's nothing more that he really looking for on the accolade standpoint to like, oh I gotta, or or for the outside approval to like, I gotta, I gotta feel, I gotta fill this void within the myself about how y'all feel about me. Right. He ain't that type of person. So for him, I feel like it's a different look at it from other people's in their careers and where they're at in, in, in certain conversations. Think about what OKC had. They had a guy that got 200 triple doubles. Every guy that they had is one an MVP, be it an OKC or somewhere else.


You got Kev, you got James Harden got 3000 threes, you got Kevin Durant is about to hit 30,000 points and you had 'em all on the same team under the age of 25. But you couldn't keep but two, They should have went ahead and gave that other $5 million to J It was a five, basically a $5 million a year difference. And They kept what? Surge. Right. You probably going to the luxury tax and You keep surge. Hell now surge. I'm gonna make a surge to get James Harden. That's the only surge. I know, that's What I'm saying though. But that's the person they kept writing, they kept surge. Yeah bro, you lose, you wait, so you have three MVPs, you get it all the way, right.


Except for the last move and you keep Yeah. Surge. Yeah. No damn Thats saying Yep. Poor, poor management. He can Pick them, pick say poor management. So he picked three MVPs. Now You can't let go. You don't let them Go. I mean, I get you can't let him go, but you gotta make one mistake within the how many years? You said six. Yeah, You got, think about it, you draft kd, you draft Russ, then you draft Harden. That's crazy. I mean, and Jeff Gray with KD year, You know what, do you think they would've won a championship at any point if they had stayed together?


Hell yeah. I believe they would've. I think their best opportunity would've been when LeBron's first year back in Cleveland. What year? That was what? 1415? 15? No, 14. 14. That's when James had just went to Houston. His, it would've been second year in Houston. Yep. Yeah. He, that's when James was like really like, Well he was, he was cooking. Oh my God. Oh my God. Because the first year he came out the gate 45, 50. Yeah. 55. I'm like, oh my God. But that just goes to show you he needed, he needed his own team. Yeah, for sure. He was being coming off the bench. He was, he needed his own team.


Yeah, It was. And sometimes about him though, it was a snowball effect for not la when they who they lost to Miami, they lost. Yeah, it was after that series. Well, the se who did be Dallas before they got to Miami and Miami beat them. But when in that series you could really tell like he really came into a zone. He didn't have a that good of a series because I think Miami had a be like a great game plan. They jumped screens really hard and it was hard for 'em to pass out a double teams at at the time. But that next year it was perfect timing for him. Ooh. After rookie Dogg connects 37 point performance last night, LeBron talked about the Lakers front off this drafting dog connect.


They didn't find dk. They didn't find dk. The other 16 teams eed it up. Mm. He can shoot it. You got a che? Yeah, he, He, he can shoot it and he's perfect because LeBron can find him anywhere. He can find him from the cross court. He can hit him with the hammer pass, you know, hey LeBron Drive and can kick from one side to the other. So he couldn't have gone to a better place. And he's a scorer because he can do more than shoot the three. I watch him put the ball on the floor and flush it. Yeah. I watch him get all the way to the rim. On, on, on people's switch. Yeah. I watch him put the ball on the floor By no means. And, and, and Caleb, I love you, but by no means I'm comparing you to him.


But from a shooting aspect and, and being able to space the floor, that's a great addition for, for the Lakers and, and LeBron like, 'cause if you are the, you got a four or five that can space the floor set screens can pick and pop, get open. Like that's a recipe for disaster. 'cause then you leave a opportunity for him to get downhill or if if worse kind of worse, he shoulder on shoulder against somebody in a, in a great position to where he's either getting fouled, shooting free throws. If they do double, he kicking back to a dead eye shooter. And for them that's what they need. They need more way more dead eye shooters than streaky shooters.


Right? Yes. And that's, and that's what he is because prior to him they were streaky. LeBron could get hot Kobe or Ozark off Reeds could get hot. Delo could get hot ad can make a couple, but they didn't have a guy that when really when he shoot it, you expected to go in. Yeah, go in. That that that's, that's the kind of reputation Swish and Ocho that he's built up for himself. That he's not s streaky. He could shoot the ball. That's a lot of Pressure too. He's more than just a three point shooter. That's a Lot of pressure when you get that ball and everybody, all you hear in the, in the, in the crowd is oh, like they anticipation to make shots. There we go.


Oh yeah. And that's a ball game. And that's now we playing. And bro, you ain't just playing alongside anybody. No, sir. Oh yeah, no sir. Ringling Brothers, first of all Ringling Brothers, we gonna bring on the, the whole shebang coming ahead. Yes, yes. You play with a historic franchise with, alongside a historic player and we know what the expectations are. E even LeBron playing, playing with us right now, swish me, you, Ocho, Jordan and Ash, they still expect that man to win 45, 50 games and make and make a deep run in the playoffs. Yeah. What? Yeah. And, and no matter who his teammates is, they gonna talk trash.


Man. You shoulda, shoulda got him there. I don't care. Ocho shot 25% from three. I don't care. You you, you was supposed to influence him to make him 38. Yeah. Hypothetical osha. I know you got a better shot than that. Yeah, I know. Listen, I I shot 62% from three in in high school though. I'm just, just throwing that out there. You gonna let us lie or Hey, you, you'll, you'll learn how to just, you know, just like okay and just keep it, just keep it moving. I let, I let him, I let him have his moment. I give him like one like a couple times a week. I let him have his moment like Yeah, Ocho that's about right. And the other times I just keep it moving.


Okay. Shaq being excluded On YouTube. But go ahead. Shaq Being Shaq on being excluded from the gold debate that ish eats me alive. Shaq's illustrious career has submitted him as one of the most dominant forces in NBA history yet for all the accolades four championships, three finals, MVPA 15 time All Star Shaq finds himself notably absent from the goat debate. On a recent episode of the big podcast, Shaq expressed frustration that lingers after his retirement. You know what eats me not having five, not having six, not being in the conversation for the greatest of all time. Yeah, you're the most dominant big man. When y'all talk about the greatest of all time, you're not even mentioned That is Eats me alive.


I I have a question. Yes. Hypothetically speaking, huh? Or or Jay E. Either one of y'all. If Shaq has six titles in the same end of season accolades as he has, do you think he ranks or would be in the goat, goat Debate if he has six titles, three finals, MVPs two He 15 time All Star 15. He has has Hold, hold on. Shaquille O'Neal has zero MVPs. Seasonal One. One. Yes. Yeah. Damn. That's crazy. But I had six titles hypothetically speaking. I think 2000, I think he won it in 2000 because I think I Iversson wanted to know one if I'm not mistaken.


Check has one MVP. That's impression One Reagan season mvp. That's impressive. Wow. Does it, does it change if he had six titles? He won, he won the MVP in 99. No, I don't think it changes. He's still not the go debate. No. Ouch. How? Because you got Kareem was six and six. Like what do you want? He got Mike with six and six. Like what do you want me To do? Mike got, Mike got six titles. Five got five regular season MVPs. You got bro with four And four. Yeah. Six finals MVPs. Yeah, six finals MVPs five regular season. Right. Kareem got six regular season MVPs. Five championship, I mean six finals. He got six regular season MVPs. He got six titles and he got two finals MVPs.


Kareem won the finals. MVP at like 37, 38. Wait, he only got two outta the seven. Wait who That Kareem Got two outta the six. He got two outta the six? Yeah, because James Worthy got one and Magic got the other three. So he got two Worthy got one Magic got Three. Know that magic was cold. Oh yeah, for sure. You gotta realize we'll never see another Magic Johnson. Magic won the finals. MVP as a rookie. Yeah. 20 years old. I ain't know. I ain't know he won three with Ka was on the team though. That's tough. I ain't know that. Yes, that's cold. He Absolutely, yes. I knew One, one he won was Kat was hurt. I knew that for sure. But that's tough. You got, you got Bill Russell guys, bill Russell won five regular season MVPs.


He won 11 championships. Damn. You got, will he got four regular season MVPs? I think he got two championships. How many Russell finals MVPs do they keep giving to the Cozzi game? 'cause none of, because here's the thing, the, the finals MVP didn't become a part of it until 1969. Jerry West Run won it. He was the first finals MVP, but he won it on a losing team. Jerry West Was called his mug though. Yes. Damn. Oh yeah, Shaq, I don't know though. I don't, I ain't really, I ain't, I don't think Shaq should be me personally, I wouldn't list him in, in the, in the goat conversation. How like I would put Kareem up there.


I mean, not Kareem. I I mean yeah, Kareem. Yeah, You gotta put Kareem. I was gonna say I would put Hakeem up there. I wouldn't put Shaq. I I was just saw like sinners, like trying to put more comparable people like Hakeem. First of all, Hakeem dominated Shaq two chip, I and him twos MVPs in both Defensive player of the year. Like He cooked, he cooked every big, every big. You remember that year that they gave the finals MVP, the day they gave the, the regular season MVP, the David Robinson and they met in the in and and and the semifinals. Yeah. And he cooked. No, he cooked him Mojo. Yeah, he told about when I say he cooked it. Yeah.


He talking about hella Yes. Under. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Dang. Yes. Yeah, he would, He would dishes, But doesn Kareem bigs have never gotten the credit they deserve because they said, well, you need somebody to get you the ball. So Kareem doesn't get the credit that he deserves. Nah, people don't realize, people don't realize how good Kareem wore because prior to 1980, the players voted for the finals, voted for the regular season MVP. So that season that will averaged 50 and 25. He didn't win the MVP bill. Russell did. Mm. So prior of that. And they're like, hold on, wait a minute, something ain't right because you know how it is player don't like somebody, I ain't voting for it.


Right For him. Yeah. Yeah. So they took it from the players that gave it to the media. Now the media say, well media be hating too because Ocho you know how it is because we vote, we get a third of the vote for the Pro Bowl. Right. So it's us, the fans and the coaches. But Shaq was, Shaq was unbelievable. And that's the problem. I I just wish Shaq would've like take into the six, say, you know what, I'm gonna get into shape, I'm gonna stay in shape for a decade And I'm gonna work on my free throws. Yes. I'm, I'm gonna expand my game. Because you're never gonna see a guy like Shaq. You're never gonna see a black guy that big.


No sir. That athletic could run. Like he could run like in jump. Like he could jump. You're never gonna see that again in your lifetime because you saw Haley's comment. Right? That's what Shaq was. I'm gonna put it, I'm gonna put it in an astronomy turn. Yeah. You saw Haley's comment once every 75 to 79 years, it comes around. You just hope you're old enough to, when you see it, you remember it. Right? Right. That's what Shaq was. Hundred percent. That's what he was to be able to run. He's in size but in B couldn't touch him in athleticism the way Shaq could get up and down the court. The way he, I don't think, I don't think it's a big right now and and like that a true athleticism and size that can mess with him.


I I I don't, I'm not, I haven't seen it since Dwight and, but Dwight was built different. Yeah. Like, honestly, like the white was Dwight just didn't have, didn't have the weight behind him that Shaq had. He Didn't have, the weight Was over three but Sha didn't Have the lift that Dwight had. No, no, no, no, no, no. D White had, Like Dwight was over top of everything. He could jump over the top of the box. Shaq had that weight to where like if I, if I get up over here and you go and your shit is right here, it, it might come off. Yeah. He break. He break it. The come off. Yeah. I don't know why anybody would ever try to block Shaq though. Ain't no way because he gonna hurt you Rest in peace with man. I think that's what he did. That was disrespectful man.


When he did the deacon, the finals, man, that was crazy. And that's, and that's what eats at it because he knows he left some food on the plate. That's what Eats said it Mojo. Yeah. Gotta be. That's, that's what eats at him. And that's why I'm saying you put all it in because once it's over, it's over Ocho. That's why I could lay my head on the pillow. I got everything, got everything outta my God-given ability. I didn't, I exhausted everything, whatever, you know, I couldn't have done anything else with what God gave me. Let me ask you this girl, because when he gave it. Yes. So you think and, and that, that oh four that keep, that keeps Shaq up at night every night that that Detroit team. Yes. Ben Wallace.


Like he thinking, man, if I was, if I was Shaq then I could have put an extra 15 minutes in here and there and we could have dominated them. Wasn't even no question that little beef man Cole had wasn't nothing. I Think swish is that. He looks at it and he says, yes, Kobe and I got three, but we should have had five. Right. I should have had more MVPs. I failed that. Now I belie I now I go to my grade believing that he should have hit the year in Miami. He should have been the MVP. Yeah, but they gave it to Steve Nash. Oh yeah. Steve n them wasn't like 65 games. Yeah. You know, they were high flying. I mean he what led the league and assist.


Yeah. But Shaq, Shaq, Shaq knows it. That's why it keeps him up. That's why it bothers him. He's supposed to be in the conversation because guess what? You know who's gonna be in that conversation if he keeps playing like this Nicole Yoki. Yoki. Yeah. He got three in Four years. If who wait, hold, hold If who keep up playing like what Yoki he wins a, he wins another. A couple of championships. He passed That What you mean? No, but I'm saying no, I'm saying no in the goat conversation Against compared to who? Shaq. No, he, I I think people gonna say nah, he's gonna be in the conversation where we talk about the gold, the five, whatever, the five best players.


Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Okay, okay. I see what you're saying. Right, Ocho Right, right. I don't know people, this man is averaging 30. Yeah. 13. No, 30, 14 and 12. That's I thought you were saying about comparison to Shaq. He passed Shaq to me. No disrespect to Shaq. He he's light years past that with man who can't get off the, who can't jump Overt his phone. Come man, you better get outta here. This man over here. Horse jockeying in the summertime. Man. You better stop it. I I don't think he's past Shaq yet. I think if he gets another, I think if he gets another finals, MV gets another finals. MVP because for the next three years he's going be in the running for MVP regular season MVP Every time lunch meet, like how you talk about Shaq, when he played against any other big, including Ohb, it is lunch meet.


He, he's he hitting people with Kareem shit, fake hair, fake dare fake there one legged three cash. Yeah, nothing but that. Not even a rim. Yeah. His, his threes Lake shot clock. I don't know if anybody's realized it. That shit hit all draws. Eight, eight, man. He, he killed the Lakers that year, that championship. How many of those he hit against the Lakers Switch? Come On man. Like I'm just sitting watching him. Two one Slingshot Cash. But after, look, Shaq had an unbelievable career because when you saw him at LSU, he was like, damn that man, he that big 7 1 300 pounds and he's moving like that.


Now that's the shack. We jumping out the building. Oh, for sure. I Mean that, that, hey, that Skinny Shq, the skinny Shack was still 300. Yeah. Oh for sure. Oh boy. That Could move. Boy could he move? Well, I'm, I'm trying to think. And he faced the next Give a, gimme a Okay, so modern day best two, right? Well let me say second, best two. 'cause I guess MJ was the best two back then. So second best two, you go between Devin Booker and Anthony Edwards put Man Aman. Yeah. He the second best two. No, you Like, you say the best, the two best two right now. Adman and book. Okay. Okay. So back in the day you say MJ or Kobe or Best two Man, maybe some people will say Clyde back in the day, Clyde.


Yeah, Clyde, when, when Jordan, when when Jordan was in his prime in the eighties and, and, and, and, and, and early nineties, most people say it was Clyde. It was Clyde in and Mike. So just to say an or d book with, with a buddy Jo, That'd be a problem. I don't know. I like the, I I mean obviously Kobe is cold, but if, if Yoic and eh verse because only because I know Ant is gonna step up as a competitor against Kobe.


Yeah. I like my chances. Yeah. I think, I think because Yoic is a better passer than, than, I mean I, I don't, I I'm not breaking news here because here's the guy that that could average, he could he probably be the next guy to average the triple double for sure. Because he can pass out of the double. I mean he could do, you know, he could hand off, he can slip. I mean he can pick and pop. I mean he really doesn't have offensively Yolk doesn't have, he doesn't have a weakness. No. He can shoot the three well enough that you got the guardian, he can put the ball on the floor. He up think you put the ball on the floor and, and tear drop you off the glass. He, hey, he could post you and spend, he's gonna make 80% of his free throws. I just, like I said, I just, you know, and I know and that's the thing.


And, and, and, and, and, and I feel that's what I, that's what I always try to tell people. Ocho maximize it. Because when it's over, it's over, It's over. You gotta, And then you have to deal with the what ifs. Man. If I had just, that's why I didn't do, that's why I didn't do the things that I did when I played Ocho. 'cause now when I walked away, what nothing's gonna change the perception. If I'd have came back for another year, I go to another pro. That's not gonna change the way people think of me at, At, at all. But I just knew that, hey, I did everything I possibly could. I'm gone. And I think that that bothers Shaq and I feel bad. I feel bad for him. 'cause a lot of times people stuff like that haunts you. It does. Even as accomplishing Shaq if Shaq's probably worth seven, $800 million.


But he remembers what got away For sure not what he actually have. Hell yeah. Right. I played so many finals, man. We lost our, oh my God. One, if Kyrie and Kev don't, don't get hurt, we win that one. K did some did what he did. We win. Like, nah, I don't wanna hear that. Nah. Nope. I don't even, I'm going to the grave with this one.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. And if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 day obsession fitness and eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day Obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance in game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking Olympic triathlete Taylor Nib.


That's how use their name is NI is NIBB. I'm gonna say NIB won the inaugural T 100 Triathlon World Championship finals this past Saturday. There was one small problem she had as she neared the finish line in a viral video making the rounds online. She noticed the cameraman next to her and she says, I just pooped myself. So can you not get a picture of my ass? Thank you. Sorry. The cameraman agreed and she made her way to the finish line with a poopy boot. Well, you know, obviously running a triathlon, you don't have the time to take a break. You don't have time to take a break.


There's really no no rest. If you are actually trying to win, she probably ate something she shouldn't have before she did the race. Obviously. You know, in order to compete at a level like that to be able to run a triathlon, you have to eat Probably the jail packs Ocho them jail packs will get you When you when you run it. The jail Packs. Yeah man, them jail packs man. I'm telling you, leave them alone because I don't have someone on a spin bike. I be taking a three hour spin class. Right, man. You said three hour spin class? Yeah. Yeah, we had a, they had a class where they would have two teachers. So the lady one, one person would go for an hour and a half and then the next lady would come in and go and the next person would come in and go for an hour and a half.


But hey, them jail packs will get you Ocho. I ain't gonna lie to you Ocho. They'll get you. I know what you're talking about. I ain't, I I've never had 'em, I never had 'em before. I know what you're talking about. What the hell kind of workouts you doing? Three hour spin class. Man, I gotta get it in. Hey, see I, what kind of days you gotta spend three hours on the bike? Oh man, swish. I would take six spin six spin classes a day. Oh my god. Oh, swish man, I could burn. I was burning in a day. I was burning four, 5,000 calories. That's why y'all eat like that. Yeah, I eat four, five times a day. Full course. Big ass Thanksgiving meals and shit.


And she won 210,000. I don't know if that's enough to keep me running with booty with dukey in my booty. Nah, that's out. I, oh, I'm say alright. They gotta behave. I get the next one. Nah, bad. I mean, I hate hopping for you. You out a toilet paper, you gotta hop God dang. Yeah. Pants down by your ankle. So when you gonna keep running on show? Oh yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Making booty. You, You, you. Yeah. You call me shitty all you want. Yeah, I'm with Exactly what I call you booty. I be shitty with his Oakley deal.


He talking about, Hey y'all dirty boy. I can't believe y'all Chad, can you believe Ocho? Hey man, listen man, I I I've been through worse. Nah, but congratulations Taylor. Job well done. Hey, sometimes hey, hey, sometimes it happens. Gotta go. Sometimes it happens. I like that she s respect like, yo don't get my Yeah, yeah. But, but, but because a lot of times sometimes sw you don't, you don't know it because you know, you think you, you think you let some wind go, you like, oh damn. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Be be a, but she knew. She like, ah nah.


Hey, it's, it's real loose back there. It's real squishy. Oh, 79% of y'all bad. Mm oh hell no. Wait. Say he gonna keep it going.


Kiki Palmer, I had on the podcast Ocho, I don't know if you, if you saw it, ki Palmer reveal that on Club Shehe that her mom and her dad with 50 50. I like that. I like that. But obviously Unc, you gotta understand depending on who you deal with, we in different times now a lot of women aren't really looking for partners. A lot of women are looking for sponsors. Yeah. So There's a Difference. Many, many won't agree with the 50 50 thing. Now there, there, there are some, you know, that, that come with the understanding and will pull their end of the stick. You know, some, some are willing to go 60 40. So you know, some men really wanna be 80 20. And then there are some men that want to be full providers as well, where they want to be able to keep whatever money she makes so she's able to do it, what, what she wants to do.


And then if you're not in that type of situation, every man you meet won't be in a position to be able to go 80, 20. Sometimes you might have to meet someone halfway you where you go 50 50 and you make it a little easy for yourself. And some women don't even want that. Well they rather pay everything a hundred percent and take their chances of finding someone that's willing to pick up the heavy load of whatever it is, you know, that they come with whatever that may be. But I mean, sometime in, in, in some cases women are a little bit, I hate using this word a little bit delusional, understanding and thinking they're going to find a man. Man that's going to take of everything. A hundred Percent all the time though. That ain't, that ain't happening. All it's happening.


Yeah, No, it's definitely happening. I don't mind it. Look here I'm old fashioned. It depends. It depends on who the woman is. Oh, I'm old fashioned. I'll take care of her. Yeah. But sometimes like, Hey Shannon, I wanna take you to dinner, Shannon, I wanna pay for this, Shannon, I wanna pay for that. Just offer. I'm gonna say no. I'm gonna say I'm ocho I'm gonna say no. Now I have had a situation where I took a, took a young lady. I took a young lady out and, and she knew I always pay for everything. She had already done taken care, she had already taken care of it. So when I, when I went to pay for it, the service that Mr.


Sharpie already been taken care of it, I'm like, you dirty. I love it. But I was like, okay. I love that. I was Yeah, but you mean, you know, you, first of all, you gotta like, you gotta let a lady take you out. Now You gotta let, you gotta Out. It's hard. It's Hard. Let him treat you. It's hard. You gotta let him pamper you too, dog. You gotta let him give you you $20, get your hair cut, done. You know what I'm saying? You know what I mean? Go get you 15, get your nails done and shit. Like come on. It, It's just hard. It's just hard. It's just, honestly guys, it's just hard for me to relax like that because that's just not the way I was brought up. You know, we, you know. Right. I'm, I'm from that school that, that, you know, the man took care of everything. You did everything. And you know, even when it's like, you know, I want to, I just, it's just hard for me to relax.


But I appreciate the gesture. Like I said, just sometimes say, well sheta, you know what, I wanna do this, I wanna do that. I mean, yeah. I've had, you know, I go to the same person to get my nails done and yeah, Mr. Mr. Shannon, somebody's already taken care of. I ain't know somebody I know who did it because that's the only person that know where I get my nails done. But my only Thing is mama would That worked for Them. My mama dad, I mean, Sometimes don't show that 50 50 switch. 50 50, 60, 40, it might not work. Yeah. Yeah. My mama and my mama and dad been married 44 years. They, my ma my dad took care of all the bills and everything. My mama had been the house mom still did her thing and held everything down with whether my mama was paying 50 or my mom was still not paying nothing like she doing now.


She was gonna talk anyway. So regardless of which, what we paying or what we got paying, they gonna say they mine anyway. Yeah. So you might as well get, get, get through with that. Yeah. But that but that, go ahead ojo. Yeah. Yeah. I I was, I was gonna say another thing. Women, women can't really relinquish all their power, all their leverage. If you have a guy that's going 80 20 or you Swiss like you said, there's some dudes out here depending on who the woman is. And those are those tier one women where they have men that are taking care of a hundred percent of everything. Then they have no leverage. Huh? They have no power. You are at their mercy. Yeah. You are being controlled because they are the means in which you're able to survive and live.


I don't think they want No power, I think to me. Huh? I don't think they want no power. It's too much. Oh yeah. There's too much accountability. Yeah. I, but I, I, I'm not that big of a control freak. I don't like having a situation where I take care of everything and then all of a sudden you feel that I'm the king and you got the Es to everything. I say No, I want you look, I don't want you, I want you to say your peace. Yeah. I might not agree with it and I might not do it, but I just don't ever want you to feel, I I I hate that that because I pay for everything I'm taking, you know, I, I've taken on the responsibility of taking care of you that you feel that you can't say or you don't have no say in the house right now still. I might not listen.


I might not do it, but I still want to hear what you gotta say. And then I might don't, Joe, I, because I want you, I want you to have, this is not a dic look. Somebody once told me, say Shannon, I I'll preserve democracy. I don't practice it here. So This is a, this is a dictatorship. I ain't like that because I want everybody to have, I want everybody to have their safe because I know what it's like when you, you, you look, my grandfather ran with an iron fist. He paid all the bills. You did exactly what he say or he like, don't grumble and stay grumble and leave. Yeah. I don't ever want, I don't ever want a a, a woman to feel that way with me. Yeah. But it's different though. You got, you got we in, we in a different era.


Okay. Them boys, hey them boys, them boys out here. I mean Women twitch Them big boys. Yeah. That's paying everything. Everything. And you think, man, listen, everything alright, act Everything, everything, everything. Yeah, because I, hold on, I was, you know, I ain't back in, you know, I tried to break off little hair, you know, little hair. Okay. Hair. 250 for the hair hairs another hundred 50 for the nail 400. They talking about the Hair. Llc, llc. I know A, I got a homeboy named LC. That's the only, that's, you can drop that other L because ain't no LC the only LLC that's gonna be 84 incorporated.


It's, it's, it's, it's a different world like that man with Oh, I see. It's a different world. But well, tell guys, tell me what I'm getting. If I'm doing all that, what do I get? Doing all what? Paying everything. Yeah. What I'm getting The same thing you get if you was paying 50 50. Right. If not, if if not even less. Damn. No, for real. Because you gotta think like modern day, they don't know how to cook, they don't wanna clean, they don't wanna do nothing. That's the thing. But, but then, so you do all of this, then you gotta get a maid, then you gotta get a chef and then you gotta get a nanny and then you gotta get this. And then you gotta go get that.


It's like dog, by the time I did all this, I could have fell in love with the right person. That could have been a Swiss army night. Right. Come on now. But that has happened to me though. I had, I had a, I had a, a lady to, because like you said what you just said, swish. I had a cleaning, sir. I had somebody clean the house. Yeah. Had somebody come in and cook the meals. Somebody the laundry. Take the laundry. The, the groomers. She didn't have to wash the pet. The groomers come to the house, wash the pets. Twice a month. Somebody clean, somebody cook. Somebody did the laundry. She done did. And I remember one day she, she came home and she was like, Shannon, what exactly do you need me for?


Mm. I was like, what are you ta you know? So now, so now I'm, I done jumped. What are you talking about? Straight up. Right. She's Like, Shannon, you have somebody to cook, you have somebody to clean, you have somebody to run the errands. I don't do anything with. I don't have to. You walk the dogs, the dogs get groomed. You have somebody pick up the dry cleaning. Dry cleaning. You literally could pay somebody just to have sex. 'cause that's really all that I do. And it really never, it never, I'm thinking Ocho that I'm like, hey, she really like this. She got it. You know she got it made.


Right. Right, right. That is what she wanted. Yeah. She wanted to feel like I had a, she wanted to feel, she had a purpose. She wanted to feel useful. You might need, you might need to find her in the black book. You better, you better send her. Hey, find her old Spin that block In. That block that Block. Nah, Nah. For real. Don't make No, I'm telling you right now. Nah, Nah, What I got, you ain't got nothing for me to do. Like, I don't see my like what, who she know what you can do over here, Man, y'all.


But like I said, I I've, I've never, I've never gone 50 50 with a, with a woman. I've always taken over everything. Even guys, I'm 56. I've never had a key to a woman's apartment. Hmm. She had a key to yours? Yeah. Did you get it back? Oh yeah, I changed. Well it, that's what, that's I I, I'll tell that story another time, Ocho. Hold on, hold on. But no, I've never, I've never, I've never had a key. And I've, I I even, she's never left me the key. I've never gone to a place of employment and picked up the key and was there. I've never, I've never showed up unannounced at a fee at a woman's home.


I ain't, I ain't never showed unannounced. But the key situation I had, I done had a key. I never had a key Ocho You never had a key. Who? Me? Yeah. You had a key dog. I got, I got a, I got a key right now. I'm not sure if that motherfucker, I ain't gonna lie. Yo do that Ocho I Got military training Lobby. Huh? Don't do that. Rel got military training. Yeah. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I got my, I got, I got my, my bulletproof vest. Hold on. So, so, so, so we using names and we talking because I, I, I seen the comments and shit. Ocho, what's going on man? Talk to me dog. Oh no. We, we good.


You know, man, that shit, that shit's so goddamn fake. Okay. Yeah. Working. You working, He working on himself. She working on herself and hey. Yeah. That's what needs to happen. And that shit's so goddamn fake. Say no more. Yeah, man. Hell no. Matter fact, hey, I, I was gonna say something, but I say, you know what, I ain't, I ain't even finna give a table legs. You shouldn't. Yeah. Yeah. I shouldn't. But you better go get, you better go get that plate. Oh yeah. Hey, I, I, I talked, I talked, I talked, I talked to sis, I talked to SISs day. I know you did. And I was like, Hey, what you think about Thanksgiving? Can I come get a plate Thursday?


Yeah, you can come see your child. You come see your child. I don't know if I'm gonna feed you. Yeah, you that One thing I know about my niece. She gonna make sure you fed. Yeah. You get your bald, black, bald head. You know she be, she ain't gonna let you handed. She ain gonna let let you go way up Dandy. Yeah. Yeah. But no, that's, that's some, that was, that was some bullshit. But Do, but hey, hey, in all honesty, sweet. Do women in today's society, do they still clean? No, they straighten up. Straighten up. That's different dog.


Man. Ain heard that term a long time. That's a old ass term now. Yeah. Yeah. They straighten up. They don't clean. I ain't gonna lie though, man. I got, I got a solid one. She, she be throwing down like we still got little, she throw service and shit. But like for, for the, for her background and where she come from. Yeah. It's, it's a humbling experience for her and me. So it's like, it's an appreciation level on both sides to be like, oh damn. Like I know you not, this is you outta your realm and you outta your element, but you picking up the slack here. And I feel like it, it works both ways. So it's like, it is hard to find that balance. Hey, ain't nothing wrong with that, bro. Hey, because I've never, I mean, I'm trying to think.


I've never not had someone to like clean. Yeah. So I have a service that comes in three times a week. Normally had a service come in two times a week. They wash, they iron, they fold. Yeah. You know, I have, I have, I, if if I didn't tell you, you wouldn't know that I have animals because everything is so clean and so in place, so forth and so on. But I, but I, I can get it. I can get how someone that's in my life would feel useless. Yeah. Mm. I've never booked a hotel room. I've never booked a reservation. I've never booked a rental car. Somebody's always done that for me.


People don't understand that though. Like, they don't, they don't get that logic or like, understanding of like, wait, what? Nobody's ever like, no. Like I've never done that. Never Like never Done that. So I wouldn't even know, I wouldn't even know how to get on. I wouldn't even know how to get on the thing and, and get a ticket. I be done paid $10,000 to go from here, to go from, go from LA Atlanta. And I be got on the wrong flight because I'm like, oh, I thought, but hey, I gonna get back. You know what? I'm gonna book myself. I'm book myself a ticket. I'm gonna book myself my own flight, my own ticket. But I gotta get, hold on. How would I, I gotta, I gotta get on that. I have to collect like delta.com or so. I just can't like, just Nah, nah, spirit Spirit spirit com.


How Would I book the hotel? Oh, there's a app. What about hotel? How I book a hotel speed. Oh. Oh, Expedia, That's, I used that. Or Oh, I'm, oh, okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna book my own flight. I don't need nobody to book my flight. There you go. As shaking the head it, that ain't Gonna go well as already know. Yeah. He gonna show up no car. I ain't he no bags packed. Hell not where Gonna put the wrong, he gonna put the wrong, he gonna put the wrong day in what Terminal. That's what I'm afraid of. O And get there and I'm gonna be mad boy. Oh. Oh. That's December 31st.


No, I will let Shelly handle it. Shelly handle that. A woman started a very intense debate on Twitter this week. When y'all wash y'all body, do y'all, you, oh, hold on. No, no. When y'all wash y'all booty. Ain't nobody booty, booty. Do y'all wipe up and down or do you stick your, oh, whoa. That's Whatcha talking about man, There, it's right there on your screen, don't you? That sound aggressive. Yeah. You, yeah. That, that's, that's real aggressive. Very, it is very personal. But you always, it is always front to back. Now you know that you, you know that you, you always front to back. Do you use the same cloth to wipe your butt? Where you wash your face with? You have Two washcloth. Huh?


I'm not sure. No. My ass is, my face. One of 'em. I ain't got one that's too much laundry. I Don't wash, I don't wash my face with a, with a washcloth though. What you washing with your hands? You, yeah. You got, you got them gloves, the loof? Nah, I got the gloves and then I got a exfoliant that I also put in my hand and, and do the exfo shit. I don't, I don't do all of the washcloth. That's, that's too wild for my face. Yeah. I For, for me, for me obviously. When you say it's too much laundry though, Unc, you know I, every time, you know, when I travel, you know I only bring one outfit no matter where I'm going. Sometimes I more than three days I'm gonna wear that bitch every goddamn day because I, I leave room in my suitcase 'cause I steal all my hotel towels.


So it, it keeps me from having to buy towels. 'cause when you buy towels from Walmart, you buy towels from Target, they never dry you off the right way. So I always steal the hotel towels 'cause they already broken in. Yeah. So I always have Two towels. The dermatologist told me I needed to stop, Wash my one to wash my body. Yeah. That the dermatologist told me I need to stop using the wa the, the, the, the, the towel the cloth that I washed my body with. She said I didn't need to use that on my face. Yeah, you're not supposed to. Huh? What man? What are you doing? What You talking about? A dry Cloth. So you thought, hold on. So you thought we had two towels? You thought we had two Facecloth. Oh, you, oh you, Oh, you talking about back then, I'm talking about now I just, I just stopped doing that about five years ago. Oh yeah, you tripping man.


So you had, you, you, you wipe, you wipe your ass and wipe your face too. My ass is my face. Nah, Dog. You make say like, oh hold on. Oh Joe, you wanna do all that But you got, but you buried but you buried faith nose deep in somebody booty. But you worried about how clean your face is? No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I be very face nose deep in one booty. Okay, but it's still no booty. It's clean. Oh, for sure. I clean, i, I clean it. Wait, whatcha talking about your lady? Yeah. Yeah. I'm scuba diving for sure. Easy. Yeah. What, what y'all worried about? But y'all worried about, but y'all worried but y'all worried about using the facecloth that you wash your butt with and putting it on your face, but you got your face implanted.


Yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah, But that, that, that, that's different. Ah, Nah man, I'm talking Fresh outta the shower. I'm not talking about she done walked around all day and threw, She done walked around all Day. I ain't with spin class. She done worked out doing three hour spin class, All that. You sweet. Hey listen, Hey, hey Joe. Sweet. Catch straight out the car? No sir. Hey, yeah. Hey, hey. That's, that's Natural. That's natural. Said that's natural. Hey, hey. Yeah. Yeah. That's natural man. That's, that, that that natural order, that that natural.


Nah, nah, nah, nah. There You go. See Oh, you see how you do too much. You see how I'm, he do too much. I'm just being honest and I hate, I hate that we had to go in this direction. But it Respect your honesty. No. Yeah man. You know a one day I'm, I say hey a JR Unc living in the fifties man. I told him he gonna have to evolve at some point. Everybody use Apple. He on IBM. Wait, What's 20? 24? 20. And at some point you gonna have to put on your school deal. Yeah, for sure. You, you gotta look, you Gotta load up here. I'm done with computers. Last time I tried to do something I, I've f that up. So even in my TVs I'll be having to call Ash.


Ash have to come over here and straighten the TVs out because all the passcodes in her name. So Ash have to drive over to my house and it send everything straight because I was like, Ash, are you on the TV right now? Because it ain't too many TVs on. So You not the app guy, Huh? Nah, hell nah. So you ain't subscribing to nothing and doing All that? I ain't got nothing. I ain't got, Hey, I ain't got no no Uber Eats no Door Dash. I ain't got What you need that for. No, I'm saying I ain't got no, I ain't got no door. I ain't got no Uber. I ain't got no Lyft. I ain't got no ride share. I ain't got nothing. I ain't got no Venmo, ain't whatever, cash, whatever, whatever. I ain't got no email. I ain't got nothing. You ain't got no email? No. Come on, call me.


Flip phone 98 Bro. When I was at CBS they tried to have sent me, they, so they was like, well you need to get an email. They sent me up an email account and then they would call and tell me what was on the email. So I never opened the email. I said, you just told me so I don't need, no I don't need to check it. You just told me we sent you an email. That's telling that we changed itinerary, we changed the schedule gonna become, I said okay, Kelly has an email. Shelly will get it. Read Shelly, what does it say? But I need you to, Hey, screenshot it, send it to me in text form. Boom. We good? Yeah. How long Shelly been? I ain't got no credit card on my phone. Like the you got a app? I ain't got, look, I can't.


Oh, so you had an assistant and everything, your whole, your whole career? Pretty much. Yeah. Because at how Much money was y'all making? We wasn't making No, no, no, no. See my brother had a travel agency. Okay. So she booked, she booked all the flights, she booked all the hotels. Right. So, Okay. And man, oh man, check this out. I have my, my my la my girlfriend that I was with for the longest, when she left shut down everything 'cause everything was on her computer and she had all the passcodes. I ain't know nothing. Oh Dang. Hell no. You ain't ask for them. She got, she, I, you know, she, she still, she's wrote, she text them to me and, and you know, Oh you a Good guy.


And then I had to get Yeah she did. Yeah, she text them to me because I couldn't get everything. I couldn't, I couldn't control the heat. I couldn't get into the computers 'cause I didn't know the password to get into computers. I couldn't get into anything. I couldn't control the, the lights, I couldn't control the sound in the house. I couldn't control nothing. Oh. I mean I just need better context why she left What you did wrong? Ah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. We, we broke up. I know what you did wrong. I ain't do anything wrong. Ocho we done talked about this situation. She said she wasn't happy she moved on. It's okay. I ain't the first guy. Is she really happy though? I don't know. I we, I hadn't talked to her in 5, 6, 5 years. Four and a half years. But why don't you call her back?


No, I'm good. You sure? Yeah, I'm positive 1000%. We rolling in it right now. He good. No opinions other than what he got going on. Hey, that's swish. That's what, that's what I do. I gotta drive. Hey, when I need to go somewhere, I ain't, I ain't driving nowhere. I, the only place I'm driving is to the gym. If I got anything that I gotta do an apartment and Kobe, you busy today? Nah, Mr. Ard, what you need? I need you to come scoop me. I, I ain't doing nothing. I respect that security too. Like I don't Ash and Jordan.


Well, And they be walking and they be and they be and they be walking when Jordan walked so slow. Ash, Ash walked slow. You remember the first time we went to New York and guy slow down, he was sweating. I, no, I don't, no I don't, I don't travel with security. Are you a on time guy or are you like right before the flight guy? I'm on time. So you like two hours before flight? My dad Actually right before The flight. Two and a half hours, hours before the flight. I ain't doing all that. I I I be there an hour before the flight. There you go. I get an hour. But normally, but normally I, I fly down to one of private suites so I go to the thing before and so I really, unless you know, if they have that service, I'll get that.


I really don't go inside the belly of the airport. Right. I was about to They take, yeah, bring me up to the side of the plane. Something like that. That's a good la that's a good LA contact.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. And if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 day ab Obsession Fitness and Eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday and if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance in game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services. Lll C are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


Now it's time for our last segment of the day and it's time for q and a. And plus when that travel, they be leaving me. Ash gonna start and get something to eat. She gonna get some coffee. You want anything? I'm like, She She gonna stop, get coffee. Even if she already had a cup on the way to the airport, she gonna get another cup when we get through the, when we get through the security, she gonna go into one of those stores and get something. Anybody want anything for the ash? We just ate. You want anything? Oh, I know you want something. Here you go. I brought you a ginger. A I do, I do drink it.


Jordan. He already got like six bags of candy. I don't know where he got 'em from, but he got six bags in his bag. I'm rocking. That's my dog. Skittles done. Billy Johnson said I'm an ex marathoner and runner's trot are for real. So I guess, I guess that's what you get when you run a marathon and you kind of lose, I mean, I've seen what people lose control of their body Ocho Right. And you know, you lose control of your body. That's a muscle controls, you know, being the ability to go to the bathroom. Right. If you lose control of that, you lose control of your bowel movement. And there you go. Understandable. Understandable.


I think that's why, that's why I'm I'm assuming it should be imperative before you run anything long, especially a marathon or before you do a triathlon, you have to be careful of what you put in your stomach before you run. I gotta, I Runner's trot is also known as runner's diarrhea or runner's colitis is a condition that cause frequent loose bowel movements during or after a run. So you notice is gonna happen Not to everybody, but I, you know, I I'm pretty you're probably high. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not doing that. That's a sport I'm not gonna play.


You gotta to find something else that's A sport. It's kinda like ultra marathon. Yeah. Yeah. I when you talking about you running 75 or a hundred miles or you running 24 hours, things like that. Yeah. I need to find me a different hobby. I find me a DI can prove on way to make money. I gotta prove on myself and then continue to like proceed. Nah dog. Nah dog. I thought y'all was wild, but I heard catch used to pee on theyself and all that. Like all right. I, you know what? I could still, I could still play. Yeah. Nah, I can't do that. Nah. Casey Taylor said yo switch. Remember when you were untimed player shoes? I would do it to my teammates and say Jr R Smith did it twice in the regular season game against ops.


Second time I got a tech. Yeah. I need that bread back straight up. They find the shit out me for that shit. Thousand dollars for some shoes strings. Damn. That's the, the richest pair of shoes I ever non-war. Damn. Yeah you coulda, you you could have bought, you could have bought some, some dance stocks, something. Man, I swear I could have bought a business with that and, and created my own shoes. Ocho JJ Carver said Ocho live from half pot of stairs. Storage room. Oh. Oh, you talking about the Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm You sitting on the toilet? No, I'm, I'm sitting in the bathroom. That's normally where the toilet is.


Ocho No, I'm, I'm sitting, I'm sitting in the bathroom on the outside. So the computer and the camera is set up on the sink. And this is the closet behind me to my right, right here is the bathroom, the toilet right here. I could see here and touch the toilet. And the bed is right here to my left. Ooh. A little tiny. Very nice though. Very nice. How you, how two people supposed to sleep in that bed? It ain't gonna be no two people. So it just me. Oh. It's just you. Okay. Not on Thanksgiving though. Yeah, he gonna do, he gonna try to, he gonna try to go over there. He gonna try out, go try to go over there. Sweet talk real stand your ground. It, it's too soon.


It too soon bro. Yeah, Too soon. Stand your ground rail. That's Right. You come, they try to sweet talk you and make it bring a gift. Damn. What? It's nice. What time you on? Hey listen, it's too soon. I'm, you know what, I'm in the middle. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna wait till the 25th of December. I Oh boy. You dirty Ocho. Yeah. There's gonna be opportunity and a chance. It'll be that day. It gonna be that day, huh? Oh yeah, it gonna be that day. Boy, you breaking out the big gun boy. Boy. I ain't got no choice at me.


I hear you By as well. I can't wait. Swish, we gonna let you answer this one. Four. KT says start bench cut bust edition. Darko Milic Hassim Fa Beat or Anthony Bennett Darko. So you gotta Start one bench one cut, one Darko Milic Hassim to beat Anthony Bennett. I guess Darko was the only one who really actually played so Darko Sheen. 'cause what? My New York boy and Canadian last Anthony Bennett. So you gonna start, you gonna start Darko. You gonna bitch the beat and you cutting Anthony Bennett?


Yeah, I mean Darko still Anthony number two pick man. Yeah, he was three. Nah, he was two. Anthony Bennett was number one. Anthony Bennett was trash. Yeah, Anthony Ben was whatchu mean was He was trash. He was bad. I mean he, The beat was number two though, right? Was he to beat? I thought he was like seven or nine or something. What, what, What, what pick did the beat go? I thought, I felt, I felt like he dropped Hashem Second Yukon. He went second. Damn. Yes. To the Grizzlies. Yeah. That's a bad pick. Who else was in that draft?


Who else, who went first? That, That ain't Blake gr draft is it? Yeah. Yeah it is. It is. Blake was one. So They had an opportunity to draft Steph a yo. Yeah, a Andy had an opportunity to get Harden. Oh my God. God. DeMar Rosen, Steph Curry holiday. Teague. Yep. Wow. The beat. It was MHA Brock said, Hey guys, I'm a big fan from London and I'm coming to Miami today for the first time. What food spots would you recommend Ocho? Shout Out to the London. Hey listen, you going to Miami? You gotta, you gotta try. Write this down real quick.


If you're going to Miami Sies, listen to me Say Sies listen, I'm, I'm, we gonna get into Sies. Kayvon Webster, very good friend of mine has a spot called Smith and Webster. Write that down. Smith Webster, I need that then is a friend of mine that I grew up with, childhood friend who also has a place in Liberty City. You don't have to worry about anything. Liberty City is gentrified now. It's called I Crave. You'll like that. Try. I crave another spot that I frequent is a Cuban spot that you might like is called Havana Cuban Cuisine. Okay. Okay. And after that, there, there are a bunch of five star restaurants that I never go to that you'll love that are on South Beach and those, I put that, I'm sure you're probably going with the misses or something.


You can enjoy those Boy miles Prime. Yeah. The three I gave you are for me, the price point is, is is cost efficient. But the way I like to spend outside of that, the rest of the restaurants, the five star stuff. You on your own. Oh, must love cash. Hey, hey Shannon. Ocho seems like you're interested in a younger woman. Would a, a mature successful millennial who can cook be your type Ps? Oh she would pass gas in private at all times. Ask for a friend. Okay. She asking for herself.


She's shooting that shot. Wait, hold On. Why she say pass gas in private? Because he say women can't pass gas in front of him. No, you gotta go to the bathroom. You ain't finna do that in front of me. I hear you. I'm old school swish. I hear you. No, we not fitting to It's hard man. I seen, I seen some, I seen some things come out of these things, man. And and they about something about seven 15. Yeah. And at this point it's just like two months. Like I was there for the whole thing. I caught, I caught little homie. So for you to let go?


Yeah, I was there too. But he ain't smell. She didn't smell my bad. She shit, I don't know where you was at. That shit was in here rocking. I, no, I don't. Hold on. So a woman, so here, lemme get this right Ocho, a woman can ask that a man be six foot or above. Right. Weigh 200 or above. Right. Right. Make X amount. Right. Gotta be a provider. Gotta be a provider. I say just don't pass gas for Oh man, y'all can no see, no. You want a man to be over six foot. You want him to be over 200 pounds. You want him to be able to travel, you want him to make six figures. You want all that.


But if I say a lady just, just go to the bathroom and pass gas. And I, I'm confused. It seems like when we have stipulations, oh that's out of the realm of possibility. That's a little harsh though. Huh? Like to me, like, like to me, if you, if they asking all of that, like to me it is like, okay, if you asking all of that, just don't complain. When I, when I got marathon shape, when I'm in marathon shape and I'm, and I'm, I work like an athlete and my appetite is built like an athlete. Just make sure you can provide an athlete's meal consistently. And if you can't do that, and then just complaints and like, ah, I got a headache.


I'm tired. I don't, I don't care if you, I don't care if you cook like Bobby Fla and Gordon Ramsey. You are not passing gas around me. So that's off the table. I don't care if you make 10 million a year. You could, I earn me. That ain't happening. The check I, I, I put the wig on. I make the bacon, I put the eggs. What's happening? Mm. You said No that's gotta be, I wish They tripping. Huh? Switch. They gotta be a line. They gotta be a line swish. I don't think that's asking too much. Just to go to the bathroom to pass gas by way have no contact. You dropping the ball.


What? Well what if it's silent though? That ain't happen Swish because we're not, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna look, I already look. So you gonna let yours rip though? No. No. You won't find a woman that'll tell you that I've done that in front of her. Okay. You can't find a woman that tell you I'm going to the bathroom in front of her. I go, when I go to the bathroom and and pee, I turn the water on so you can't hear it. I ain't gonna lie. I go all the way in the back. I go to a whole nother bathroom. I go straight out. I go to, I listen and I understand Jenna. That's just natural. Yes, I understand that natural. It's a body function would take your body. So you, since your legs functioning, walk your ass to the bathroom and do it.


Hey you, you, you, you'll never no true love until you can use the bathroom with your partner right there. Well I, I ain't gonna, I ain't never had it. It ain't gonna have it. I'm just saying ain't gonna because my grandma, my grandma, my granddaddy always said man, when you comfortable enough to use the bathroom with the door open when you can hold a conversation with your partner. And that is the definition of true. Aint what we talking about. Whatever that's important. You wait till you get your stinky ass up out the bathroom. I'm gonna wait till I get my ass out the bathroom. We not Finn to talk. Let me listen to me. Stay with me Now. Some of the greatest conversations of are had when you are using the bathroom. Because I don't know who use the bathroom. I'm, I'm, I'm on there by 30, 40 minutes.


You know? Yeah, for sure. So that's a perfect time where I can't run and I can engage and listen to whatever is you need to say. That's the best time to get whatever you need to get off your chest. It's It's a window. It's a nice window for you. Perfect Window. Listen, A lot of times they don't even know, we don't even know we got all these, we got all these rooms in this house wing. Hey. Oh, you got my name? Oh you, I be my knee. They'll what you, I mean at first when I normally, when I first start dating, man please, I send 'em, hey I send 'em. Hey you know man I sure could use some orange juice. Can you go to the store and get some orange juice? Anything else you need? I go get some.


Ain't no way. Oh yeah, yeah. Ain't no way you sending her out back out outside. Yeah. Yeah. That's too much. Or I would go or I go, I would go to the guest house. I'm Finn go, God, you a guest. True story. True story. I had a guest house and, and I had a gym. I had to turn the, it was a three car garage but I turned it into a gym. I would put my workout clothes and everything. I'm finna go work out, I'll go to the guest house and go use the bathroom and come back in. I was like, nah, I didn't feel like it today In Denver or Baltimore because god damn that's the In Denver. Oh my god. I mean, no I was in LA Oh this is recent.


Oh yeah, in LA when I was in LA Oh my. Oh. But I, when I was in Denver. When I was in Denver. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You ain't gonna, you, you not gonna find one because I don't do that. I don't do that in front of them. I go to, like I said, we got three, four, we got three, four bathrooms. I'm gone. Hmm. I don't know. I don't know how you'd pull that one off. That's, that's, that's a tough one. That's like Superman stepping in the damn phone booth. Nah, I can't, I can't. I, I can't. Because you know what it is guys, My turnaround ain't that fast. I gotta sit There for a minute. Nah, we grew up. But you have to understand swish, I grew up around women and so me and my brother was the only ones in the house.


That's why I always wear shirts. I don't, I don't, you know, I'm in the sh from the shower. I put, hey, I put lotion on. I got my clothes back on. I don't walk around, I don't walk through my house naked. I don't walk through my house barefooted because that's how we grew up. And I remember I was about about 10 years old and my grandma said, boy, you know I had my under just jockey, we call them jockey shorts. My grandma said boy put some shorts on over there and put a T-shirt on. And from that point on in front of women, I just felt like, like okay I'm not supposed to, I'm not supposed to be right walking around like that. And I don't, I Respect that. I respect the hell outta that ra Look at Ocho Over Ocho nigga Ocho looking at me like I'll be at that thing.


But ball, Nah I swear but ass nigga up run across the damn kitchen table. Like man, shit. Nah. Doc Earl C said Jr. How hard is it chasing around Steph and Clay in the finals? Did you prepare differently? If so, what did you do? No, I didn't prepare differently. For me it was all, I already had it like by the time I, I was coming off of guard them, I was already playing DeMar in the Eastern Conference final. So I, I already, I kind of had like a deny the ball aspect with him, with like a D Rose and Jimmy's kind of like the similar, so for me it was always like, try to make, make it hard for them to even catch the ball.


'cause if they catch the ball, that's when they most dangerous. So if I don't let 'em catch it, that's when, that's the only way I, I honestly used to play it. So for me, my biggest thing, I used to run about six, seven miles a game. Which is a lot for NBA game. Yeah, yeah. Just, Just on trying to, I used to try to focus on beating everybo, beating the person to they spot more anything because by the time you counter and tr he, you know, the person make a live pass or whatever else. I can make my, at that point I'm relying on athletic ability. But if I'm a smart enough to know y'all plays and beat you to the spot, then everything else I can adjust on.


Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this edition of Nightcap. we want to thank you for joining us for a very special Nightcap basketball style. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. Bottom left. Your favorite 85 Liberty City zone. The pro bowl of the all pro. The Briles ring of Fame artery. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Ocho. The guy to your bottom right is a two time NBA champ. First round draft pick came into the league. He entered the dunk contest in one of the great three point shooters in NBA history. He was never afraid to take a big shot. No shot was a bad shot for JR R Switch. Smith, thank you for joining us JR.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you for mattering. Thank you for helping Nightcap matter and thank you, thank you, thank you again. And you, we wish you, hopefully you'll continued support. Please make sure you check, check out Shea ba la porter. We have it in stock. The holidays Thanksgiving is right is next Thursday. You got Christmas after that and you got New Year's. And what better way to have a festive holiday season than with a bottle of Shea ba la portier And always remember to drink responsibly. Please check out my clothing company.


That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. And we had new releases drop. I was held when I was well. T-shirts. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Black Nightcap hoodies Stay with me now is also in hoodie form. And our bestsellers, the Unin ocho ts also comes in black. We dropped those last week. Quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The calves defeated the Pelicans 1 28 to 100 and the calves bounced back. Oh, the calves bounced back. That was it. They beat the pelicans 1 28 to 100. The Grizzlies defeated the Celtic, excuse me, the 76 ERs one 17 to one 11.


But that wasn't the story. The story was the team meeting they had. And Tyrese Maxey asked Joel and B to be on time, not for everything to be on time. We can understand what happens when, when teams start to lose and, and players are not being accountable. This is what happens. Frustration starts to build and you have to have team meetings. What, 12, 13 games into the season. So thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho, he's swish. We'll see you next week with Basketball edition, but we're back tomorrow after Thursday night Football. Thank you. Goodnight. God bless. The Volume This holiday season.


Skip the cruise socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo Holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel Core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now. Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true Crime, and more.


Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, Whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


What's popping? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com With shipped same day delivery. It's easy to get holiday essentials from the stores you shop most like the brands you love From Target, home Essentials from Lowe's or beauty products from Sephora.


The best part you also get more time to do what you love. Like bake cookies, decorate your space and toast the season with friends. Get more from your favorite stores this holiday season. Download the ship, tap and start shopping today.