
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy.


This is Colin Coward from the Colin Coard podcast. Help desk software, email tools, pipeline tracking. You don't need more tools to get more out of your business. You just need HubSpot. They're all on one customer. Platforms to dream come true for all your teams. Generate more leads for marketing, help sales close more deals, scale service fast, then watch results and revenue soar. Visit hubspot.com to get started today


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Looking For a fast and comfortable head shave. Check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shave and head in under two minutes. The Balder pro head shaver features a power flex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to boulder pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales. 12 months ending April, 2024.


State Farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael ura podcast Network.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Man, I can't take this anymore anymore, Doc. You gotta help me man. This stupid meme is ruining My life. Now I know just what you need. Ali Pop Ridge Rush has got fiber natural energy, it'll pick you right up. Whoa. Okay, now that's a rush Smile for the camera Ocho. Here you go. Internet.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm also a row sponsor. Row Sparks are amazing for guys who wanna boost in the bedroom because they work fast and last long. Listen, we're about to get a little explicit. So you heard it from me. Maybe you heard too much from how much I love Rose Sparks, but I'm not the only one. These reviews are for grown folks. Only one person said while my wife and I went on vacation for five days. I used Rose Sparks a couple times and we had fun nine times fun in that week alone. Okay, good. How's I talking about that? What I'm talking about right now? That's him. Another customer said, boom, I'm Superman. I carry roast sparks in my pockets at all times. Full stock. And lastly, someone says, I'm not bragging, but my wife actually tapped out for the first time in years. Cause you the UFC made a give it up if prescribed. You get $15 off your first order of medication to get hard. Connect with a provider, 100% online, ro.co/ Nightcap To. find out if row sparks are right for you. That's roro.co co slash Nightcap.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully you watch Thursday Night Football. You watch this team lose to this team. That's right. And OCHO Seeker owe me a stack. And I don't know why I don't got my money. I don't know why he got it, but that's okay. We gonna talk about that a little later. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Baltimore ra. The legend Shannon Sharp. He is a Cincinnati bingo legend. A lot of hardships, lot lots, lots, lots of hardships. Liberty City's own Binga, ring of Fame Artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. He's soy. But you know what? I love it. That's my job is to keep it going.


Ochocinco Johnson, just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and do us a solid. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. Every subscriber counts. Thank you for helping us matter. Thank you for helping us become what we become. And through your support, we'll have continued success. Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Portier. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, we have it in stock and the holidays are right around the corner. You got Thanksgiving, you got Christmas, and you got New Year's. Go ahead, put your order in guaranteed to get to you by the holidays. You'll have the very festive Enjoy us holiday season.


Make sure you go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's she, she Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release dropped last week. I was held when I was. Well I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Those T-shirts dropped black Nightcap hoodies and by popular man to stay with me now came back as it came as a hoodie. And of course our UNC and OCHO ts, we got a lot of requests for UNC and ocho. Ts being black. And guess what, we dropped those last weekend. Also, quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The Ravens. Hold on. Just in case y'all might have forgot. Hey, anybody got what?


They right here. Y'all got these? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on with that. Hold on. He upside down with that right there. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Y'all got something else? What else right there ain that? Is that me? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I got something. What? What else he got? What else he got? Oh, right here. That right there. Hold on. What has he got? That right there? Man, if you didn't know better, you swear I played for the Ravens? Is that possible? I could have played. Hold on Man. What? Lay like a raven. Oh, hold on.


Just in case y'all forgot. Y'all know better. I swear at who? Oh my goodness. Y'all already though already? Yeah. That's y'all. We beating the brakes off y'all. Yes, yes. Yeah, some things never change. I'm sorry, Ojo. Hey you, you feeling good? Huh? George? Just keep, oh, George just keep finding stuff. He like I'm just you, You feeling, you feeling good about yourself, huh? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Time. All I know is this, if your team lost on Thursday night, I don't wanna hear you say foot or ball. If your team lost night, I don't wanna hear you say foot or ball.


Now if you, if your team won, take off with it. So let's, man, the Ravens beat the Bengals. 34, 35, 34. The Ravens go for a two point conversion to take the league with 38 seconds. But the pass was a little high for Taylor Hudson and it felt incomplete. Yeah, Joe Burrow had a spectacular performance. 428 yards, four touchdowns as well. And Jamar Chase went off 11 catches on 14 targets 264 yards, three touchdowns. Lamar Jackson matched him as far as touchdowns. Lamar threw for four touchdowns, 290 yards as the Ravens come from behind again and defeat the Cincinnati Bengals for the second time this season.


The, to prove to seven and three, the Bengals fall to four and six Ocho. Yeah, You guys played really, really well. Very, very well. But you had a situation where you had a 21 7 lead. Yes sir. You try to probably, hey, you get out and get a field goal. It's 24 7 score touchdown in 28. Seven. Seven. Excuse me. Yeah, Marlon Humphrey made an unbelievable play. He stood the running back up, pulled the ball out, the Ravens go down and score and the next thing you know is 28, 21. Yeah, just that fast. Listen, the first half, the Bengals, we played great football. The first half we were able to, to hold Derrick Henry to not very much.


We were able to, I think he had Like six, he only had six. I think he had like six characters in the first half. Yeah, we rolled with the whole Lamar Jackson. I think maybe the 50 to 51 yards passing in the first half. Yeah, you did the the offense was very efficient off. We moved up and down the field. We got to 21 7 on that drive. I was hoping on that drive that could really solidify the game. If we, if we could have gotten some points, maybe a field goal going up 28 7 would've been even better. But to play again, like you said, from Marlon Humphrey and stripping that ball from Chase Brown, the momentum sw the, the the, the momentum shifted after that play. Unc, they went right down and scored. Yep. We got, we, I think we had a three and out, if I'm not mistaken, maybe three.


But we had a, a short, short series. Y'all got the, got the ball back, went down. And then they don't push goddamn what's young boy Wallace name? Wallace. Wallace. They don't push Wallace outta bounds because again, two players thinking, okay, somebody's closer than I am. I think he's gonna make the play. We just talked about that two weeks ago, I think, if I'm not mistaken, where they was loafing on the play. Yep. Thinking somebody else was gonna make it. And because they loafed and when they kicked it in gear to try to make it, try to make the tackle and push him outta bounds too late. It was too late. It's a game of ventures. It's a game of a ventures and you always gotta be going full speed at all times until the play is actually made. And I think that that's one of the things that, that, that hurt us.


And damn, I'm, I'm saying look, that that one hurt. I like, I like the kaons. I like the fucking kaons that Zach Taylor had to go for two. I like, I like it, I like it. IIII like that. I like the play called the belief in your players. The belief in your players to say, you know what, we're not going in overtime. We're gonna try to win this goddamn game. We're gonna try to win this game because we behind eight ball. We not only behind eight ball in this game, the fact that we allow them to come back have a, from a 14 point deficit. But the fact that we need, we need this win and we get it. We don't, we behind the eight ball now, obviously we're, we're, we're four four. We four and five, Four and six Oh for, we're four and six now.


So now you have to think about it. We beat the Raiders, we lost to the Ravens. They've swept us in, they've swept us in a series this season that makes it that much more difficult for us going forward. Makes it very difficult for you to win division because you've gotten swept by them. You three games in front of you, Pittsburgh with three games in front of you. I don't know if you've played the Steelers yet. So basically, in order for you to have a chance, you would need to beat, you can't finish with the same record as the Ravens because they would win the division because they already beat you twice. Yeah. So you gotta hope, you gotta pray. You beat the Steelers, the Steelers beat the Ravens. You finish with a better record than the Steelers and the Ravens. Or like you said, you're hoping for a wild card.


But then again, you gotta hope, I mean you could get three teams outta that division because I think you're only gonna get one team out of the south. I think you're gonna get probably one team out of the west, one team out of the east. So theoretically you four division winners and, and and and and and and four division winners. That's because you're taking seven teams. Ocho Yeah. You four division winners. So you take say the whoever wins the division in the north, two other teams theoretically could go, could the Broncos make it? Maybe could, could the Charger make it maybe, you know, Kansas City's gonna win that division Ocho. Yeah, Definitely. So, so yeah, theoretically they're not, they're not, they're not.


They're probably the of the wild card potentials. They'll probably have the best odds of making it right. Yeah. I mean listen, we, we, we have to, we got, we gotta get for, we gotta get healthy offensively. We look really good defensively. You know, it, it's, it's, it's up and down. It's, we, we play well in spurts. We have to find a little bit more consistency in the passing game. In the run game. I think we did fairly well against Derrick Henry tonight. Damn. I the unc that that, that that one hurt boy. Yeah. That, that, that would hurt. That Would've gave you a lot of confidence because that ocho you got 10 days off, you don't play till the following Sunday.


So now you get an opportunity to regroup. You really think like, Hey guys, we got the whole Get healthy, get healthy, Get healthy. We got entire weekend off, we can sit back, Hey, let's go on a run here. That, that's a tough way to lose. I mean both of the, think about it O Joe, both of the games you lost in overtime and you lost in a heartbreaking fashion. So it doesn and you're like, hold on, we scored 38 points, we scored 34 points and we lose both ballgame. Joe bur throws for what? He he probably had what, eight, nine total touchdowns. Yeah. And they still, they still lose. So that's the problem that you're running into. Joe really can't have an off series because an off series means that the defense goes back on the field. Because think about it, Ocho, you had a 21 7 lead and the next time in three possessions you're down 28, 21.


That's crazy. That's great. That's, that's, that's absolutely crazy. It's so hard to play like that knowing I've gotta be per Joe, Joe and Chase and that offense knows we've gotta be perfect or we can't win a game. Yeah. If we're, if we're off Slightly, if our defense, if our defense run defense, pass defense at any point was able to, let's say catch fire and find a way to get to the middle of the pack. We don't have to be top five. Just find a way to get to the middle of the pack statistically I think we'll be fine. We would be fine. But that's a tall task, especially at this point in the season.


It's a tall task. Yeah. That means pressure is on us offensively. Well, like you just said, Joe, Burrow has to be damn near perfect. Jamar Chase. He damn near. He gotta be perfect. Yo, he gotta be perfect. Jamar Chase has to be Superman every single time he touches the ball. Every time we need Joe was, Oh Joe, before you go Joe Burrow was 34 56, 4 28, 4 touchdowns. He didn't turn it over. You did have the one turnover that was costly because it shifted the momentum of the ball game. But the defense y'all gave up Lamar was 25 or 33, 2 94 touchdowns and you didn't sack him once And Mo and most of that shit, you know how, you know how hard he is to sack.


Did you see that goddamn scramble? Did you see that damn scramble and, and tiptoe the sideline and cut back in and almost score like, man listen Lamar Jackson, I don't, I don't know what more I can say about Lamar Hasn't. Listen, that hasn't been said already. I've been watching him do exactly what we saw tonight when he was at Boynton Beach High School. Dude, dude, dude is unreal and he's probably on the way to winning his third NBC Most. Well he just put himself back in the lead. If you thought Jerry Golf or you liked Derrick Henry, Derrick Henry's playing phenomenal. Yeah. I'm trying to think of other quarterbacks that might be in the running. Nobody Josh Allen, but Lamar after tonight, again, he put himself back in the lead though. Joe Lamar Jackson is the paper for MVP.


Yeah. Before Henry got there, Lamar Jackson was still doing what he's doing now and carrying his team. The fact that Derrick Henry comes and he's running the ball extremely well is the fact that the team is built and structurally designed for a player like him. Yeah. But Lamar Jackson was doing what he's doing this year before Derrick Henry got there. So the, the favorite for MVP would be Lamar Jackson. Again, I think the thing is ocho but when we look at it, Lamar Jackson's on pace to lead the league in touchdown and to and passing yards. Right. Something that we wouldn't equate that you Lamar leading the league in passing yard. Exactly. We saw him lead the league in touchdowns 36 the first year he won the MVP in 2019. Now look at the way he's throwing the football.


He's on pace to throw for damn near 50 touchdowns ocho, which Oh yeah. If somebody would've told you, even if you thought he was gonna be a quick good quarterback, right. Nobody would've said Lamar Jackson would throw for 40 plus touchdowns in an NFL season. And listen, that's a testament to his work and his improvement as a pocket passer for one early in his career, boom. I, I look at number one, number one's not there. I'm taking off, I'm using my feet now he's going through this progression, he's taking his time. Hell, he'll go here, go from one to two to three, he'll come back to one or he'll scramble and extend a play and do things off script just to see if he can find somebody open before he takes off and runs the ball. Lamar Jackson's gotten to the point where he's such a great passer now that he's a runner second.


Yeah. Which as opposed to early in his career, he would run first if the number one or the two option wasn't there. Right. He he real, he realized he can get the ball quicker. He get the ball down the field quicker if he throw it that he could running it, throw Running it. Yeah. And so, but he, he's phenomenal. And as you said, OCHO is a testament. See like I said, you is hard if you put the work in not to get better. I'm not saying, I'm not saying now, he's gotten drastically better as a thrower of the football. Look at the touch that he threw the ball with when he hit Andrews. Look at the touch he threw when he threw the, who's that Bateman the last touchdown to kinda jump salty over the top. Look at the touch in which he's developed because he's put the time in to get better as a thrower.


That's why I say you can tell guys that are that in the off season they go to the lab because this just hard for you not to get better at something. I don't care if it's skipping rocks, I don't care if it's collecting cans. If you practice it, you'll get better at it. You might not ever be a, an Olympian at it. Right. But Lamar Ley had to do was to get his passing ability up to his, to his legs and it was over. Yeah. And you see right now they can't do anything. Now sometimes, you know Todd Monkey and John Har, John Harbaugh, they getting beside themselves and they want to throw, throw, throw and they kind of forget. Right. Because ain't no way in hell Cleveland should have beat them.


Yeah. Don't give damn what anybody says. You can't convince me the Browns that team, even though they have a very good defense should have beat them. Right. But Ocho the Ravens better be careful. Their defense is gonna get them beat. Well no, no, wait, wait. Not the defense because they style up front. They're style up front and they, I throw over, they just gave up 4 27. They just gave up 4 28. But hold on baby, check me out now stay with me. Okay. Stout up front and they're stout at the second level. Now their achilles heel is a secondary, they're dead last against the pass. Can Josh Allen throw, can Josh Allen throw the ball? Throw the ball Joe, throw the ball.


Can Russell Wilson throw the ball, sir? So any potential team Justin Herbert. So any team that they can potentially face can do what? Ocho Throw the ball. Throw the ball. Yeah. All those teams got what? Receivers that can go catch the ball Ocho the touchdown to chase, bro. How you Wait? Which one? The, the man catch a 10 yard route and he drew in out, in and out and go to the house and then, and then ocho they in quarters coverage. Where the hell is the safety going? Well, hold on that. That's the perfect play. Call for quarters is the post route. 'cause the goddamn safety sitting on the hash down low. Don't ocho you got the backside that's don't jump the cross route the corner.


Oh no. Ocho the corner's playing quarters. He got outside leverage. Yeah. How you want, if you playing outside leverage and I run a post, tell me how you stop it. If you playing outside leverage, You gotta stay high. Listen, what what I mean for me, I don't play corner, but I'm just, I'm just, just, just stay with me real quick. Okay. If I know I got quarters coverage Yes. And I, the corner and my back is to the sideline. Yeah. If anything, I wanna stay very, very high on that upfield shoulder. And if he does go to the post, I try to kick it in gear the best way I can and cut off the angle to get there. And And quarter's coverage. That's not his responsibility. That's the safety quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter. That's not Hold on. But, but You know they gonna, they gonna occupy that safety.


But the number two, get him the cheese to come down. If you got quarters coverage, what is your quarter middle coverage? That's not yours. The crossing route. Right. That's for the other, that's for, that's for Quan Smith. Right. I'm not ing with that. You that the whole, that's whole purpose. I run that route because I'm gonna dangle that cheese knowing you a rock And you gonna bite, you gonna bite every time. And Boom. And then I'm gonna throw the post over your head because I know I got, he got quarters coverage and he's outside leverage. He's supposed to be deep quarter middle quarter middle quarter deep quarter. Right, right. I don't, bro, what the hell are you


doing? Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that in a perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Mayer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Mayer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed


when It's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Looking For a fast and comfortable head shave, check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaving head in under two minutes. The Balder pro head shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides. It's 100% waterproof so you can use it with foam in the shower or dry. And it's super easy to clean because the cut hair collects in the chamber underneath the shaver heads. The Balder Pro is backed by a five year limited warranty for guaranteed durability and the lithium rechargeable battery delivers up to 50 minutes of cordless runtime from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today. That's balder pro.com for 15% off based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales 12 months ending April, 2024.


Stay farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and and yeah, of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down. Right? And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. You know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown. He fits. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


And you know the the funny thing about it, anytime, every time you see a post route that's completed, normally 98% of the time the goddamn coverage is quarters most of the time unless it's covered. Unless it's covered three of some stuff like that. And you just step on the step on the corner's toes and to throw beats the goddamn safety. But that goddamn quarters every time post gonna beat it every goddamn time. But see, 'cause they, they gonna, they gonna dangle some cheese. The whole last safety at bay. You step on that goddamn that that corner toes, Hey it's a wrap. You might well strike up the band. You know why? Because guys get beat. 'cause they won't play their responsibility. That's not your responsibility.


Right? If you got quarters coverage, that means you got a quarter of the field. So there's 4 25 to make a dollar. The safety, the corner has D quarter, the middle, the middle safety has middle quarter, the other safety has middle quarter, the other corner has D quarters. That's 25. What we call it quarters coverage 25 if you wanna address it, quarter to 25 is the same thing. That's not your responsibility. Yeah. You see what happens? He got beat because he's trying to do somebody else's job to break the cross is not your responsibility. You not Ed Reed. Listen either that or play hero ball one or the other trying to play hero ball one or the other, bro.


And that's what happens. Ocho sometimes guys. But see, first of all, you are not qualified to play that. You are not Troy Poll Malu. You are not an ed reed. You don't have, you don't have the green light to gamble like that. Hey, hold On. Or the, or the range. Yes, you how much, you know how much range you got to have to play. Matter of fact, I'm gonna add one more. I'm gonna add one more to it. You not Earl Thomas. Right? You got to, first of all, you got to be damn certain and they know because a, a good because like okay in this, in this deep, in this in distance, right? They like to play quarters coverage. Yeah. You have to also be thinking, okay, we playing this when they put information in it, spit it out.


How many times you played quarters, how many times you played cover two, how many times you robbed it, how many times you played single high. How many times you played 25? How many times you played six. Six kicks, right? Cover seven fire zone. The computer fits it in over the course of four games. Okay? We go deeper. We go over eight games. So now you don't think the Cincinnati Bengals know in this formation? Yeah, this down in distance, this area, the field, they like to play quarters. Yeah. Let's see if we a, let's see if we can put a lady out there that, that flash her boobs and see if he'll look. And sure enough they took him to a oh Joe, they took him down to Mardi.


Yeah, He head bro. Whatcha doing? Yeah. Listen, it is kudos both team though that that was a very good game. The first game was really good. This game was really good. Honestly, I really thought we had, I thought we, I thought we had it in the back. We went up 21 7 and we had that drive and we was marching down that goddamn damn field. I was so happy. I hype, you know, and I, I'm, I'm sitting in the sports book. I'm here at Cedar. At Cedar, this palace. I'm sitting in the sports book. I wasn't talking trashy none of the Ravens fans. 'cause you know, I'm always respectful. I'm always respectful. I don't do nothing malicious and bruh, I'm like, come on man.


They go down in score, we get the ball, we go three and out, then they come right Lamar, Jackson and them come right back and score again and tie the game. I'm like get the, what the hell is going on? It is so hard to play. Like Joe Burrow has to play. Yeah. 'cause he has to be damn near perfect. Yeah. And he has to get PO points out of damn near every drive. Yeah. Because the likelihood of his defense stopping teams. Yeah. Say if you get 10 drive, think about it, Ocho, they had a 21 7 lead. Yeah. And before Cincinnati scored again, it was 28, 21 fast. They, they went three straight possessions, boom, boom, boom.


That fast. And, and the funny thing about it is we had the momentum. It, this is crazy how it works. In any sport, sport, in any sport, there's always rhythm and there's always momentum for teams. We had the momentum, the entirety of the first half. We come out the second half, the momentum shifts. Soon as the goddamn fumble happens, now the Ravens got the momentum in the whole goddamn put. Can you put it on a short field If it wasn't for goddamn Jamar Chase. See, matter of fact, Jamar chase tonight, unc, this is why the argument about should you pay him, but should you not, I don't care if you had 257 years left on this goddamn contract. What you saw tonight and what you been seeing the remainder, what you've been seeing the entirety of the season is why you play, you pay a motherfucker like that because you know what you're getting.


You know you're gonna get your money's worth. You know, you are so all you've, all you've done now is now yesterday Driven up the value. Hey, hey, yesterday, price ain't today's price. No. And you could, you could play around if you want to in all season and come around here with this bullshit. When everything is on goddamn film, there is nothing. Yeah. Steve, you wonder and Ray Charles can see what the hell this motherfucker doing? Nah, it's now that 30, that 35 that that Jenna got, that's 37, 38. He gonna be looking to get 38 to 40. Man, Listen, I just, I'm just, I'm just trying to tell you where he going with it. Ocho if you gave, if you gave Jenna one 40, he looking to get 1 61 75 And just try what, what argument are you gonna have?


Ain't none please him. What argument can you have And you messing around because he making around be first team all pro, lead the league and re and receiving yard. You kiss the baby tl Oh, Oh. He he gonna lead, he gonna lead the league now. He, he first, right now he gonna leave. He gonna lead To league. Well, well, you know, Jah got a game to come because Jah was what? Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. I I know. But if anything it's probably gonna, it's gonna be, it's gonna be between those two. I agree. I agree. I hope God willing and I hope both of 'em stay healthy and it's gonna be a battle back and forth between them two. Yeah. And and that's the thing. That's what I, I you know what, like I said, I don't really know Joe. I met him on the trip to, to France. Cool dude. Yeah, but I, I do, I do feel bad for him knowing that he has to be perfect because if he's not perfect, they're not winning because his defense, you're supposed to be able to get a 14 point lead in the second half home and it couldn't.


I mean, and they, it you could just make the tackle ocho. Yeah. R just make the tackle. Just make the tackle. You don't, sometimes people get up there, try to want to get a big hit and just jump up there and like Yeah. And do all that other stuff. Sometimes it just means just get the guy on the turf. The turf. Yeah. That's all you gotta do down. Everything ain't gotta be everything ain't gotta be a spectacular catch. Everything. Sometimes I see guys go, bro, just get two hands up. You trying to make a one hand catch. You trying to make sports center sometimes everybody wanna get a big hit. Sometimes just get the guy on the ground and guess what? Yeah, go back to his first down. 'cause he had the first down. Let's just go back. Okay. First down, I just can't give him up.


Oh Joe, I can't give up a touchdown on guy. Dang. Go out on the out. Yeah. I run a speed out to get a down, A quick, out of that a four yard route. He done went goddamn 60 yards. No, he went 84. Give that long. Yeah. You, you ain't gotta run then you ain't gotta rubber it in. Lamar on third down in the second half against the Bengals, he was seven or seven, a hundred and thirty three yards, nine yards per attempt on the pass. And three touchdowns, zero interceptions. He was perfect again in the, in the third and on third down in the second half. Lamar Jackson has thrown 14 touchdown passes in the last 17 days.


So in under three weeks, the man is thrown. The man has thrown 14 touchdowns. What, what more can I say bro? I, I, listen, I there's, there's nothing I can say. What else can I say about Lamar? Action, Jackson? Nothing. I can't whether well there's running the ball, whether it's RPOs, whether it's goddamn throwing the ball. I mean every, every goddamn thing. Every guy. If it, if, if, if it was up to me, if I was Goodell or if I was whoever the people are in a position of power who hands out the goddamn MVPs. I just ship that shit to Baltimore right now. I I ship it, I ship to Baltimore right now because he's not going to regress as the season progresses. He's not gonna go backwards What I was, he's not gonna go backwards.


What I was afraid of for the rest of the NFL league. If his arm ever caught up to his legs And it's at that point and the, and the scare and the scary part about it is it's only going to get better. That's it. That's, that's what I said, man league, y'all don't understand if this man le arm, and I'm not saying his arm had to be just as good, but it is. Right. Right. Yeah. I said but if he could get his arm to 80% of what his legs is, the league would be in trouble. They in trouble. Trouble. How you say it? Trouble how you say it? Trouble, Trouble. And now here it is.


But like I said, Ocho I mean look to, to be in Joe's situation to know that I've gotta be perfect because if I'm not perfect Ocho we're not gonna win. I mean you throw for 4 28, you throw for what? Three touchdowns And we lose, I threw for five touchdowns last time and we lost. I threw for what? Three, four touchdowns against Washington and we lost. Yeah, There was like, he, they had a 21 7 lead. Okay, they go possession. Okay. They had 21, they had a 21 7 lead. They go fumble. So that's a possession they didn't score. They go three and out they go three and out and the next. So Baltimore get the ball three times after they have a 21 7 lead.


And guess what? Touchdown, touchdown, touchdown is 28, 21. Yeah. Defense has to make a stop outta those three series has to make just one stop. How about this O Joe? Make them kick a field goal one stop, make a kick a field goal. Look here guys. I, I know it's hard, but just don't let 'em score make a kick a field goal. Yeah. And that's the difference in the game. That's the difference in the game. How, how much old you again? A, a stack. Okay. I mean how, how you want it? 5, 5, 5. 20, 10 Now right now I, I bet the look on your face. Look at it Chad. How much I owe you. How much I owe you. You know how much you owe me. Whatever you think you owe me.


That's what you owe me. I just wanna make sure. I just wanna make sure. Don't make sure, don't make sure throw something on the, throw something on the floor for me. I pick it up, you know I'm saying throw something on the, for me, I pick it up. Whatever. It's you throw on the floor, I'll pick it up. Hey One, one One thing about it, as long as I owe you, you'll never go broke. Baby. Lamar Jackson has 10 career games with four plus TD passes. The only players with more before turning 28. Dan Marino 16. Patrick Mahome 16. Brett Favre 11 Ocho. Check this out. Yeah. NFL research. Jamar Chase is the only player in NFL history with multiple games of 200 plus 50 receiving yards plus two receiving touchdowns in his career.


So he's the only guy to that have had at least 250 receiving yards yard in multiple games with multiple touchdowns. Yeah. Hey young Bull is special bro. Young, young Bull is special. He's doing something special. Which is why I don't understand why management, why would you wanna play around with someone like this? Because, oh yeah, But my bad. Oh Joe, I said a thousand. You said make it two. You remember you said make it two, make it louder to yourself. Who, Who said that? That Ocho. I ain't say that. Yeah, you did. I don't Listen what I knew because I see if I let him talk because every time he, he chat what I do, I let him talk because every time I let let him talk a toe pop out because I knew he gonna put his foot in his mouth.


Every time he open my poop to go big toe, they go motor toe. No I don't, I don't, I don't think so. Chad, how much you bet me Chad. How much You bet me Chad? A thousand? No, you say make it two. I wanna double it up. They gonna chat the chat. What? Be Chad The chat Don't, how did, how did Chad go though? They weren't even here. They were here, they were listening. You owe me two. The Ravens run their winning streak to 42 straight games with a hundred plus rush yards have come to an end with a down. They finished with 99 yards. Damn. Hey man, let, let, let Lamar go ahead. You run the quarterback sneak to keep the streak alive Ocho Yeah, might as well.


They, you know, they probably, they probably didn't even realize. They probably ain't even realize they, they were trying to get outta there with they goddamn win shit. Yeah, that's 'cause it's all, that's almost two seasons. Yeah, that's, that's two and a half seasons. 17. 17 is 34 plus another eight. Yeah. That's crazy. Hey them boy. Hey listen, them boy playing lights out. I wouldn't be surprised. And I'm, I'm gonna go on a limited set and, and see it right now. They probably gonna catch fire. You know, we haven't even gotten past these, we haven't got past Thanksgiving yet. Once we get past Thanksgiving, that's when football season really starts. That's when that second half of season, that's when football really starts. If, if they get that train and that ball rolling and continue to play the way they playing right now and they make it to that a FC championship but even make it to the playoffs, there's only one, there's only one team or maybe two teams standing in the way.


Yeah, that's Buffalo. That's Buffalo and Kansas City. Yeah, that's, that's Buffalo and Kansas City. So I mean, shoot, I I if I'd like to see anyone get a ring, it's Lamar. It's Lamar. If it ain't, if it ain't, if it ain't the Bengals, I would love to see Lamar get one. Oh, so they say you got upset and Doub and, and somebody unc you wanna, I wanna double it. So they say you owe me 2K. I think I I don't even, you talking about NBA 2K? Nah, I only play NBA 2K. Yeah, I, yeah, I listen for unc you know how I know people the chat property line for one, you know how financially savvy I am. I do. I don't gamble. I don't, I don't even, I don't even gamble. So I when you said I owe you one thou a thousand.


Now that I could believe because I got, you know, in, in, when in in my game room at home, you know I got, I got a few just for emergency cases. For emergency situations. Yeah. I got money sitting there. So I probably said a stack because it's boom, it's right there. Nah, that that's what I'm saying. You started talking about oh that ain't nothing. That ain't nothing. Make it lie. Let's run. Make it, make it too because see your pride got involved because you talking about your Bengals. I was talking bad about your Bengal and your Pride got involved. See I know you couldn't. I said I bet y'all don't win on Thursday night. Be what you wanna bet. I said it, I said, and I said, I said be a thousand. I know That's put up in the chat. Chat. We gonna put, we gonna put the poll up. How much does Ocho owe? Does he owe one k2 K The chat?


Don't even know the chat wasn't there. This was a conversation between you and me. On On on. Yeah, on, on on on on on Nightcap uncle they were here. The chat. Listen unc the chat can't even remember what they did yesterday. They can't even remember what they ate for lunch yesterday. But how they, they gonna remember our conversation about The day. We can put Ash, have them to cut that clip and pull it and we can play it. That's the One thing. See that's the third thing about television. That's the One thing about the internet. I know, I know me remember Receipt, see I know about you but see them old people from the south. We always kept all our receipts in a cigar box that put 'em in a Crown Royal bag. My grandfather carried his receipts in his back pocket. That's why his wallet looked like, like this big. Right?


Ain't had no money in number bills number receipts. So, oh yeah, we gonna get clip ash. Make sure you find that clip. We gonna cut, cut that before we check this out with your Dak is dealer with a partial Aul, which is a, ah, off the bone a hamstring, which means part of the tendon has pulled away from the bone. Ah, he has not been put on Injury Reserve. If he is put on Injury Reserve, he would have to set out a minimum of four games, which would keep him out until at least December 9th against the Bengals. That's a win for y'all Ocho. But that probably would need longer to recover than the four week period that the engine reserve requires. Team says confidence in Cooper Rush is there for Cooper, but we know what Cooper can do.


Ocho is it time to see Trey Lance? I mean even, even, even if we do wanna see Trey Lance, I mean the backup quarterback is Cooper Rush and we say we know what Cooper Rush can do. Actually we don't because we haven't seen Cooper Rush this year. We don't know how Cooper Rush is gonna look with this offensive line We don't know how Cooper Rush is going to look without the running game. We don't know. So we have to see Cooper Rush with this Dallas Cowboys defense because the Cooper Rush we did see the Dallas Cowboys was a completely different team then Team they could run the ball a lot better. Yeah, they could play defense a little better. Exactly. So the Cooper rush we gonna see now is a different type of Cooper Rush that has different players around him and he gonna have to do more.


He gonna have to do more. So, I mean, I would love to see Trey Lan, I don't wanna see Trey Lance with with with that offensive line. I don't wanna see Trey Lance on the as a, as a Dallas Cowboys quarterback with no running game. I don't wanna see Trey Lance as a Dallas Cowboys quarterback with only CD Lamb throw the ball to, no disrespect to the rest of the receivers, but I'm, I'm just being honest. They went and got, yeah, they went and got John John Domingo. Yeah. Brother Mano from the Panthers. No disrespect to him either. My young bull wasn't even getting or seeing the feel the way he should be as a Cal Carolina Panther. But Jerry says we're gonna make a move for every receiver. I thought you'd be making a move for someone that can contribute and come in right now and make a difference and help bolster that offense.


I'm trying to figure out the, the Cowboys gave up a fourth round pick for Jonathan Mingo Ocho the chief gave up a fifth round pick for D Hall. The Jets gave up a fourth round pick for Devonte Adams. Yeah, the Ravens got Deontay Johnson for fifth round pick. The Cowboys got mano for a fourth round pick. And Jerry say, Hey, nobody do a better job than him. I think I think age might have something to do with that. You think age has anything to do with that? You base a pick on the value. The value. Which one of those guys you think Hopkins or Adams is more value? Who's value more valuable? Mingo, Adams or Hopkins?


I mean obviously the one with the, the more extensive resume. Okay. The Chiefs gave up a fifth round pick to get dhap. The jazz gave up a fifth, a fourth round pick to get Devonte Adams, the other guy wasn't even playing and you gave a fourth round pick. Yeah. And you wanna tell your fans and you want to get on, get on radio and on camera and crow about nobody can do a better job than you. The person that delivers the mail could have done a better job than you. Yeah. I don't, I I don't, I don't understand, I don't understand the the, the decision making by the Cowboys. Their organization. Ain't no cowboys Jerry.


No damn cowboys. Jerry, Jerry, I, I don, I don't understand. I I I don't know. I i I don't know what he's doing. I I don't know what he's doing. And, and Hecho the sad part is he dunno what he's doing. You right, you right. I'm not, I'm not gonna criticize you told me neither. You told me to slow down in that area and, and being critical of that individual. So I'm gonna let you have that. He don't know what he doing. He don't, it ain't my fault. He don't know what the hell he doing. Yeah. Damn. I, i See here's the, the problem he has. See here's the problem that Jerry has. Jerry wants to be the smartest in the room.


You see what happens when you run a business, you don't need to be the smartest in the room. That's if you're the smartest in the room. Room. Why the other mofo in the room? Yeah. Bingo. I was just, I was just gonna say that if you are the smartest in the room, you were actually in the damn the wrong damn room. You in the, you in the wrong room to begin with That say bad this bad here. This man gave before Rob Pink for Do they play courtesy? What? Last time? Lemme see. I I gotta google him Ocho I gotta see. Keep on talking Ocho I mean I just can't believe that Jerry did that. Yeah. I mean he had to make a move though. Huh? Who else, who else was out to get?


He had to make a move, whatever that move was going to. He Didn't, he had to make a move with what? So lemme ask you a question, sir. Do you believe he's improved his team with this acquisition? Because you make a move, you're making a move to improve your roster. Has he done that? Yeah. Listen, He said he was gonna make a move. He didn't say it was going, the move was going to be one to improve the roster. But he w what he did do, he added a body. He added a body. Maybe John, maybe a change of senior is good flamingo. Maybe it changed. The senior is good for him and he comes to the Cowboys and he's able to contribute in the way that he couldn't with the Panthers. Okay. I'm, I'm hoping, I'm hoping that's the case. The cowboy, He was second. He was a second round pick outta Mississippi. He had 12 receptions for 121 yards.


He had one catch in the past four games. Only two games in his career has he had more than four catches. Nah. Hey, it's that, that, that sucks man. He was averaging, he's tied for the lowest mark by wide receiver with at least 50 targets at four. Less than four yards at less than five yards per


target. Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dried to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoked them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave, check out the Remington Balder Pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaving head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides. It's 100% waterproof, so you can use it with foam in the shower or dry and is super easy to clean because the cut hair collects in the chamber underneath the shaver heads. The Balder Pro is backed by a five year limited warranty for guaranteed durability, and the Lithium rechargeable battery delivers up to 50 minutes of cordless runtime from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today. That's balder pro.com for 15% off based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales. 12 months ending April, 2024.


State Farm knows making smarter financial moves today, secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Cultura podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ Ramos. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and had to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me, in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I'd gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura Podcast Network.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seeds. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save the tag one cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


And you know what? And you know what also it, it, it's not being in position to make those plays. That's like, I mean, based on the stats that you just read off to me, they're like, here, we're gonna give you minimal opportunities with the basics and see what you could do with it. That's why his numbers look like that. Ocho, do you realize they traded Amari Cooper for a fifth round pick to Cleveland? Yeah. Yeah. The Buffalo just traded again. I know why. Third round the buffalo. Didn't Buffalo just trade a third or fourth round pick to Cleveland to get a coup? And the Cowboys traded a fourth, fifth, and they just traded a fourth to get this dude.


So lemme ask you this. At what point in time do you think this dude was better than and shoulda went? Pick The way them owners think. Boy, No, ain't no owners the way he think. Yeah, Ain't nobody doing that deal. Hey, Mingo only in his second year, ain't he? Young Bull might be What? He was a second round picking 20 and 23. Dang. He a Oh, he's a baby boy. Yeah, he's he's a baby. He's a baby. He Got, they gave a third to Cleveland to get Amari Cooper. Yeah. Jerry traded him three years ago for a fifth. How you trade a guy for a fifth three years ago and three years later he go for the team that you traded him to for a fifth trade him for a third.


Now why do that at him too? Hey, he trying to get, he was trying to get that goddamn salary off the books. That's what he was trying to do. Okay. Get the salary off the books. He was trying to get that salary off the books, boy. But do you realize how foolish you look by doing it? Yeah. Yeah. But you still, even though you got, even though you don't have to pay for that upcoming season, you still got dead money on it, on your books. Yeah. So if I got dead money on the books, at least I'm gonna get a high ass draft pick. Boy, think about this. O ocho the guy was stuck on the bench. Yeah. So the Panthers wanted to get rid of him. The Panthers got no leverage.


Ocho, he's not playing. He's getting what he's had. Hold on. How many catches have you had? The last two? Hold on. What, what time is it? It's 1229. At 1145. I'm reading a post. I'm hurting. And now I owe 2K. Y'all tune in to Nightcap we started now, now this is from check mark blue, check Mark Chad Johnson at Ochocinco. Is that you? Hold on. You know what? That's a typo. I meant to hit the one. You know how you, you think your finger slipped? I No, it slip.


Hold On. Listen, listen to me. Now the one in the two is real close to each other. The one in the two. I do, I do this all the time when I'm, 'cause my, my, my, my fingers are fat. And you know, the keypad on the iPhone is small. So I, I just Make sure, make sure you slip another thousand with that other thousand. Yeah, it that definitely, that definitely was a a, a miss a miss a misprint miss type. I said, man, that man said I'm hurting. And now 2K. I appreciate this Ocho. I, I, Chad, what should I buy? What should, should you, What what I'm trying to buy, I'm talking about what I should buy with 2K. That's a lot of bread. You shouldn't buy nothing. You should, if, if I'm, if I'm paying you 2K of my hard earned money, matter of fact, you know what I want you to say?


I want you to say, you know what, you know what? But as my cohot, you know, I I love you. You know, like, like a little brother. I'm gonna let you keep your money. That's what you should say. You should be a good, you should be a good sport. That's what you should, should be. I, I'm a ter I'm a terrible sport. But I tell you what I'm gonna do, Ocho I do feel bad for you. You, you should after, after that, after that performance tonight by our defense, shit, all I've been through and matter of fact, think about my situation I've been going through. Yeah. Think about it. So that, that you want me to take, hold on. You want me to take three Ls? She gone. I'm losing 2000 and my bangals lost.


That's three strikes. And this ain't even baseball. Well, if you add another thousand, I might be willing to, you know, to help out, be a, be able to be a, a mediator in this situation for an extra, for an extra band. Damn Man. First of all, you knew your defense was terrible. You've been talking about your defense, about the defense. Bad man. They need to get some stuff. You knew your defense was terrible. The defense is terrible. But the offense is that much better. Where I felt we can overcome having a bad defense. Ocho you's can't. What I thought Ocho, you can, but you have to score on every possession. And you know, for the entirety of a game, you're not. Yeah, yeah.


It's hard. It's Hard. You get 10, 11 possessions, you score five, you have a hell of a game. Yeah. But what happens when your defense give up six scores on possessions, you lose, Get ugly. See, I'm not, so, I'm not so sure that had, I'm not so sure that had they tied it up, that defense would've held the regulation with two time out. Lamar was gonna go down the field and get them in Field Gore. Now, I'm not as confident as tough as I once was because it seems like he's developed a little bit of the yips. He's missing stuff that he never missed. Right? He never missed Ps I think he missed two Ps, maybe three pa four Ps this year.


Three or four. He's missing some. Yeah, he's been off a little bit this year. He's been off a little Bit. Something that we, we never, we never, ever softened tough. But good luck. I, I don't know to say, dang, Trevor Lawrence will not play Sunday. Options are being explored, explored. Surgery is not off the table. Ocho time for the Jags to move on from Peterson and Lawrence next season. But obviously, you know, Trevor Lawrence isn't going nowhere. Trevor Lawrence just got paid. He definitely not going nowhere. Correct. You know, so if, if anything players get coaches fired Yeah. Based on Trevor Lawrence's performances this year, he probably could get Doug Peter might be one of the few bright, one of the few bright lights that are shining over there in Jacksonville is that goddamn brightest.


Thomas Jr. And every, every time I get an opportunity to give young bull praise, because that's one of the, the, the great thing going on for them off offensively outside of at n when he's, when he's healthy, that, that, that's it. And I Trevor Lawrence, he, he has the look, he has the look, he has the, the, the pedigree, the arm strength, you know, the size and, and, and the, the moxie, all the things the scout's looking for a franchise quarterback. And I, I thought he was that I, I thought he was, that he just hasn't been able to get over the hump and have the consistency that the other quarterbacks have. The CJ Straub hell, the Jayden Daniels's only been there in a year and he's doing it already. Who else? The Joe Burrows, the Josh Allens. Until he finds a way to, to find that consistent rhythm week in and week out.


You know, you're gonna have bad games. Yeah. You're gonna have bad, but he strings them together back to back to back and shows flashes of brilliance and who we can be. We gotta get outta those flashes of brilliance and show a little bit more consistency. And that's the only way the Jaguars are gonna be in contention Or even, yeah. I don't dunno how Peterson saves his job. Ocho not after this year. They missed the playoffs last year. Remember at one point in time they were the number one seed in the A FC. Oh yeah. And they pretend to lose, they proceed to lose the last four or five games and knock themselves outta playoffs. Not only, not only not win the division, but they don't even make the playoffs. Yeah. And then the year before they had a 20 what?


A 24 nothing, 27, nothing leave. And they end up losing that game and the playoffs against the Chargers. So I think it's just a matter of time. I think it's borrowed time in which he's on. I agree with you, Doug Peterson is not coming back in 25. Trevor Lawrences is because they paid him a boatload of money and you move him now that that's gonna probably be a hundred plus million dollars in dead cap. Dead Cap. And Plus he's only 25 years of age Young. So you're not moving on from him. But I don't see it. I like Doug Peterson, but I just don't know how you say how, how he saves his job unless they go on a, a seven game win streak and end up winning division or making the playoffs. But other than that, don't you, I don't see how, I don't see how he saves his job.


CM Can't c will make it. Go ahead. No. Nah. You good? You're good. You Good? I was gonna say, Christian McCaffrey will make his debut this weekend against the buck of the 49 ERs about to get back on track. Ocho, they got the bucks at, at Tampa. They got Seattle at home, at Green Bay, at Buffalo, Chicago, at home Rams, at home, at Miami, Detroit, at home on a Monday night and Flex game two BD against Arizona Week 18. Do you think they make on, do you think they go on the run? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think they would've went on a run even if CMC didn't come back. I think they would've on the run. But just adding him back to that offense and the dynamic that he brings in the pass the game and running game is, is, is tremendous.


It makes it that much more difficult for you to defend them, you know, defensively, you know? Right. I know Brent is out. I think Juwan Jennings is coming back. I I, I could be wrong if I'm not mistaken. Deebo ISS back Kis is still there. I know you. CMC, that makes 'em that much more drains. Mike Shanahan will CMC back the playbook opens up even more exponentially. That's a big word for me. I can't spell it, but it's a big word for me. Sequan was drug tested after his reverse hurdle. Ocho explain, explain whether the NFL does this to people at home. When something spectacular guy has, you know, three touchdown catches or 200 yards or 180 yards rush and a guy has three four sacks, all of a sudden randomly he comes up on a drug test.


Yep. Anytime you have a game like that, Ja, Jamar, chase, Jamar Chase, please expect a drug test in your locker tomorrow or, or Monday morning, whatever, whatever day it is. Normally when you have a performance like that, a performance that doesn't happen as frequent or as often than drug test, you, I'm not sure what they're, what they're thinking they're going to catch. I I think they just have a, a insight. Well, this doesn't happen as often as it should. So the the fact that it happened today and in this game and you had numbers that are kind of extraordinary, we're gonna test you and see if you took something that resulted in helping you perform the way you did today. It's weird.


I'll never forget. I I got drug tested a few times. One that I can remember clear as day was a performance after we played the San Diego Chargers. I'll never forget we played the San Diego Chargers. I think it had a two 60 yard day two 60 yard. Day two touchdown. Two touchdown game. Shane broke your record tonight, I think. Yeah, I think he had what, what? He had 2 64 tonight. Yeah. He, he broke my record last year. His rookie year. Remember he had, he had 2 66. Oh yeah, that's right. Damn. He had 2 66. He broke it last year. He had 2 64 tonight. And I mean the had multiple games like that is, it is unreal.


Unreal. And then you have to think today, today's game is a lot different than it was when we were playing. Huh? You know? Yeah, sure. We were, yeah, we were run first. Now they throw the goddamn ball all over the place. You can't play defense. You can't touch nobody. So the game is, the game is kind of, kind of different now where it's almost damn near like 7 0 7 with helmets and pads on. But, but, but dude, that motherfucker chase man, shit, that motherfucker special, that boy's special Ocho. Yeah. One of the NFL players is an heir to a $500 million potato Empire Saint Center, carne McGregor is his eighth NFL season. And his family company is the biggest potato producer in America.


Their main potato supplier of McDonald's raising canes, Wendy's and Frito Lake ships. And when Con and McGovern was drafted by the Broncos in 20 sixteens, some of his teammates were curious why he was playing football when he could make far more money back home farming His response, I wanted to make a name for myself and show that my hard work earned myself something. And I wasn't riding the coattails of everybody, but whatever the NFL career ends, the 31 L Center said he would go back to rd what is Offit his family's company back to research, I guess research and develop though. He said he'll work his way up from the bottom just like everybody else and earn his way up just like he did in, in his football career.


So the next time you're snacking on McDonald fries, remember those potatoes are likely coming from Conor McGregor, McConnell Family Farm. That's dope. That's dope. I, and I, I like that. Most of the time when you, when you have success or a kid is born into wealth, they don't have that same drive and that work that the it takes to wanna work and actually put the work in to earn and see what it's like to have the responsibilities and what it takes to earn that kind of money, to be able to support yourself. So I'm not sure if his parents raised him that way and but the fact that he is the way he is, is commendable. And then not only for the business to already be successful, but to have an NFL career and say, I'm gonna make good money in NFL and then when I do retire, I'm gonna start from the bottom of the business and work my way back up to the top.


Ain't too many people built like that, huh? Yeah. But but he should because I'm sure he doesn't know the business because he was like playing football, college football NFL football, like the people that's already there. Although a lot of times Yeah, you right. Ocho a lot of times family members, Hey, my family company, like, I wanna start at a, a BP level as opposed to an entry level. Learn the ropes and work your way up. That's why I've always been impressed by Peyton Manning. His dad made lots of money. Yeah. Eli made lots of money and they gonna be number one draft picks overall and make careers for themselves. You have to commend that when your dad is somebody, your mom, your family is somebody and you say, yeah, that's fine and good, but I want my own name.


Right. And that's what people and people used to tell me all the time, man, your brother got money. That's his money. My brother don't wanna be taking care of no grown ass man. He got a wife and kid. Yeah. So why I, I wanna earn my own, I wanna do my own thing. I appreciate everything that my brother gave me. Right. He gave me, he gave me just enough to make me desire to get more, but on my own Right. I saw the thing that he had and I, and he knew, he knew I wanted to be like him. Hey, hey bro, check this out. Look what I got. Damn In inspiring, ain't it Man.


And I went and got everything. With the exception. With the exception. He had a, I don't know if you remember this ojo, but in, in the eight eighties, they came out with a BMW called the M three. It had a, it had a spoil on the back, it everything with the exception of that. And he had a typhoon, of course. Every other car that my brother had, I got it. He got a Ferrari. I got a Ferrari, he got a big Benz, I got a big Benz. Whatever car he had, I got. Right. Because that's what I saw. That's what drove, that's what motivated me. And for Conor Mcg govern family to be who they are. And he said nah. Yeah, that's good. Fine. But I want my own name. Yeah. And no matter what happens, I've had a NFL career that's span eight years, maybe it goes to nine 10, who knows.


But when my career is over, yeah. I'm still young. Oh, Joe, think about it. He'd only be 30. Let's just say for the sake of argument, his career goals another two years, he'd be 33 years of age. Yeah. Yeah. He could, I mean, he's made good money. He can retire if he want to, but say no, we gonna go into that, the family business and we gonna expand. Oh yeah. So I I I bet I love that. I love, I love, I love when kids come from wealthy families or well off families and don't feel entitled. Right. I love that. No matter what, you know, what, you know what you wanna say because a lot of times they have access. Bro had access.


LeBron made sure he had the best trainer, he had the best nutritionist, he had the best coaches, he had the best of everything. Right. But the kid says, I wanna make it on my own. Now he's never gonna be able to outrun his dad's shadow, his LeBron. It's just like Jordan kids, they're never gonna be out able to run the door's. Dead shadow. But just because that's my dad, I shouldn't want for myself. So you mean to tell me I can't, I can't walk to a coffee, something just my last name is supposed to get it. I, so I commend the kid. Yeah. I commend them. I love the opportunity. And look, he's supposed to, you're supposed to give them an opportunity. All this old that's nepotism and nip your ass out my face.


I, I I'm, but like I said, the I I, I want, I want the, I want I, I love when kids want to be something on their own. You know what I'm saying? Don't yo but my name. I can't do anything. I can't help who my parents are, what I was born into. But I have a desire to be known more by more than that. I did that on my own. Right. Yeah. My, that's my brother. But Sterling ain't catch no passes at Savannah State. He ain't catch no passes for the Broncos or the Ravens. So no matter what up, and, and y'all know this, you know this NFL wanna know who can help. Can you help? Can you help me win games? Oh Yeah. That's all it come down to Because Sterling ain't playing over here.


He played over the Green Bay. He up in Green Bay win games. Yeah. So kudos to you. Caught him. McGovern, The, Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar may fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds lux over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones. Look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart, best Buy and More. Or visit j lab.com.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave. Check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaven head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head Shaver features a powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour. To ensure maximum skin contact on all sides from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales, 12 months ending April, 2024.