
Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straight way He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen To MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the Edge with me, cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL Stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap into Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Coach D Shine as they beat the bears, the defense held Chicago to 63 yards rushing. Four sacks, three turnovers. The coach gave up nearly 500 rush yards to the first two opponent, yet the bears attempted 52 passers. I don't know why Chicago had 247 yards in the first half. It was shut out and the second in the shut out at the half after four straight runs and shotgun in a four yard line and didn't yell to touchdown. This game featured two of the youngest quarterbacks in NFL Richardson and Williams, Caleb Williams responded late touchdown throw to Rome Dunay and Cole ett his first two NFL passing touchdowns. What? He got a lot to learn.


Yeah. I couldn't, I couldn't even see this. The, this is the only game I couldn't see Ocho. They got a lot to learn. Yeah, they still, it's, it's hard. Wait, who they Richardson is still trying, both of them are still trying to make throws that they made in college and I keep telling they got the arm, they got the arm to do it down. No they don't. You can't make them throws Ocho You knock Finn to roll one way and throw back across the field. Two picks. I don't know what his Richardson first interception in the end zone. Even if the ball wasn't, if it was gonna get picked, he got three round dudes, round the guy and then he rolls and throw, tried to throw back across the field.


The same thing with Caleb Williams. Bro, you not getting away with those throws in this league. The guys are too good. This is not you. You're not playing Louisiana Monroe. You are not playing, you're not playing the FCS team. These guys are the best. They're the best. They make you pay for mistakes. So stop putting your team in harm's way. I think Anthony Richardson would be good, but he's gotta stop making these mistakes and he gotta learn some touch, bro. I mean sometimes he throwing the ball to the guy from me to this wall and he throwing it like he throwing it in a hurricane bro. Sometimes. Yeah. And, and Caleb, what, what you 52 times.


Come on bro. Come what y'all doing? Hey, I wish, I wish I was playing in the offense when they throw the ball 52 times. I wish that's a receiver's dream. You know how many, listen, some teams only ran 65 plays. Sometimes you only run 65 plays and 52 of those are in the air. Yeah. But that means you gonna probably lose if you throw the ball that many times you probably gonna lose. It ain't gonna be very many times now. It ain't gonna be very many times that you win a game when you throw the ball that much you behind, you're probably behind and you're probably gonna lose the game. Now if you want some stats that those are great, but yeah, you not winning 52 times.


What if you throw a 52 times, then you winning in the game. What if you throw 52 times and you are efficient? What if you throw 52 times and the quarterback is is 48 for 52? Yeah, but Ocho what are the, like normally when you throw that many times, what are you, you're behind and teams and teams will let you Hey do that. So they don't give up anything cheaper deep. Right. Just keep 'em in front of us. Yes. Yeah. I mean I just, I I mean some of the guys and they just like, I I'm gonna show you, I, I just wanna know 'cause Anthony Richardson said that the college was harder than the NFL. I wanna know if he still feels that way. Wait, he, he, he said that last year he, in this year before he got hurt.


He said that this year. He said this year. I don't, I don't really think he meant that though. I just go What? He said, damn. I dunno if he meant it or not. It, he would just be, he would probably be so If a girl call you ugly. Oh she ain't mean that, that dang what she meant. She said it. Nah, if a girl, I mean nah, but you got, you gotta listen. You know a girl call you ugly sometimes she flirting and she really don't mean that. But you know, sometimes she said to keep Me humble. No, don't keep me humble. My Grandma, my grandma, my grandma. My grandma called me ugly all my life growing Up. I'm gonna take your word for it. I'm done with you. Oh, ugly self. Okay. Hey, I ain't trying to convince nobody.


You did you mean that because you see you, you remember the other day you said I was ugly. Did you mean it? Nah, you said it. I'm good. I'll keep it moving. You can't, you can't take it personally. Ain't take it personally. I just, I ain't Finn be what I look like trying to, somebody gonna call me ugly and they think I'm gonna be with them. I Mean come, come on When, oh Joe, we grown. You do that in the fourth grade. Right. When you in elementary school, you gotta crush on somebody. You hit them. Put your ugly self. You make me sick. We grown. Now we don't play no type of game. That mean she really like you. Nah, nah. True. Hey, I mean, shit.


Rel called me ugly sometimes. Was she mad at you? Yeah, exactly. So you know. Listen, what, when, when is, when are women the the most honest? When they what? When They're angry. When they what? Thank you so pro May, maybe I'm, you know, I listen, I'm, I ain't the, I ain't, I'm not the, I ain't top 10 in the world. I'm not strong six and a half. Especially with a haircut. If I get a haircut, oh. Long as I'm, long as I'm above five. I'm straight now when I ain't got no haircut and you know I ain't, I ain't been on the waist. I'm be, I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm a strong, I mean, yeah, Look.


Yeah, I mean I guess that's what you like. I'm looking for like you saying, I'm, I'm trying to be, I'm trying to be a strong six seven A seven. Yeah. I mean, you say if you want, you want your girl, you would want your, you want you. So I mean You say what, what would you say? Res what? Nine 10? A nine? Nah, real real. Re she probably, I give, I give seven and a half. Shit. Hey Rel, you heard? Nah, she ain't there niece ain't that. I, Hey, but hey listen, my dog, my, she she, man, she, she might, she about a 10. I I'll kick my recover though. You did? I I'll kick.


Yeah. And only reason, only reason she probably listen, the only reason I she with me is I won because of my personality. Okay. I can see that. That's it. I, it, I'm, I'm just being honest because you know what they say. If you can make a woman laugh, you could laugh at you. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna say, you know what I'm Trying to say. Yeah. You get outta them. Yeah, I, I get what you saying. Oh, Joe Baker Mayfield said Tom Brady Intensity led to stress, to a stress locker room. The building was a little different when Tom was here. Obviously playing wise, Tom is different. He had everybody dialed in, high strung environment. So I think everybody was pretty stressed out. They wanted to, they wanted, they wanted me to come in and be myself. Bring the joy back to the football for our guys who weren't having much fun.


Baker said Brady had a very, had very different per, he and Brady have very different personalities. Brady would play mind games that included unseen battle between quarterback and play. Caller. You hear some of the stories about it and didn't play a certain call. If he, if he a certain play was called and he didn't like it throughout the week and they still call the play in the game, there might have been a throwaway on purpose or throwing it at the running back or the receiver's feet. There's a lot of mind games going on. You got a problem with Bakker airing out of secrets? I mean, no, not at all. I mean, those aren't bad secrets. I if you understand what it takes to win and on Tom's resume and what he's done in the past, it obviously works for him.


He went from New England and went to Tampa Bay and won a Super Bowl his first year there. So obviously the secrets that he is letting out and exposing is a good thing. Now, it might not work for B but it worked for Tom and there's a reason why they got a goddamn Lombardi because of those secrets that he's talking about. You mean to tell me like, highly successful people want things a certain way and they expect it to be that way? Yeah. Oh, most definitely. Most definitely. Okay. Most definitely. Especially those that know what it takes to win. Yeah, that's But But he eat his own. He eat his own. Well You should know you play with him.


This ain't no surprise to you. Yeah, I play with him. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and also the funny thing about it is the New England Tom Brady and the Tampa Baytown Brady. You got to see his personality. You got to see the fun side of Brady. You gotta see Brady on social media. You gotta see Brady, the content creator. Man. Some of those videos were creative and you got to see a different side of him that was more fun. It was more relatable even if you didn't play the game of football. Look, I, I look, I understand. I understand. That's how Mike Well look Mike, I think the thing is that like, like Mike allowed us to have fun, but we knew when it was time to work, it was time to work.


I made sure because I liked the privileges that we had. He, he let us be loose. But it was my responsibility to make sure that when we showed up to practice, we showed up to walkthrough. Except that one day the, they came out there with flip flops and Tims on it. Walkthrough. Yeah. Might say that is will ever happen again. I say, see, you can't let us have nothing. I said, y'all know better. Y'all know how We gonna take it too far every time Me look, that's Baker told that I wouldn't have told it. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not surprised that Tom was wired like this.


You don't win that much. Right. By accident. Things have to be, because that's what he's used to. Where did he come from? People that were in the military, they normally have a very strict household because they're used to structure. Make your bed. Yeah. Put your shoes up. Take your shoes off, put them dishes up. Don't leave dishes in the sink. Put that trash away. Take that trash out. That's how my grandfather was. Right? So structure, I, I thrive in structure now. I come home and stuff is out outta whack. Why?


I just need to know why, because I'm the only one that's left that's left for work. So, right. Yeah. You see how you looking? Yeah. That's, that's the look. That's the look Now you see. Right. It's gotta be a certain way. IIII work well with structure. I work well with discipline and, but I don't believe, I don't believe, 'cause you know, look, people love Tom. I don't think anybody's surprised by this. When you win, like he's won. You see him on the sideline when things are not going his way, guys dropping passes or things are if they're not in sync. Right.


So I'm not surprised one bit by this. I'm not, I'm not surprised at all. Yeah. And it is not a bad thing either. It's not a bad thing. I think it, if we were talking about something that wasn't successful at what they were doing and still had that same approach to it. Oh No, you can't. Well, I don't, I don't see our situation that you can be like that because ain't nobody gonna listen to you if you're not successful. Nobody gives a d So you got have a level of success. Coach Belichick, had he not won early in New England, you think they're gonna listen to him and let him, let him get away with what he got away with? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. And the same thing with Tom, because Tom had won so much.


They like, well hey, what do we got to lose? We ain't won Jack. And, and 20 years, There we go. Why not? That's why if you win, guys will follow you. It is easier to get people to follow you when you are winning as opposed to when you're losing. They're like, because Ocho you know this. I mean, we lose a couple of games. Hey, stop sitting on your helmet. Oh. So that's why we lost the game. 'cause I'm sitting on my helmet now. Yeah. Oh, pick up the trash. The team knew we had a dirty locker room. Oh, they got a dirty locker room. We gonna run through them. Come on man. They find every little thing why we lose it. Everything Is, everything is magnified.


The Locker room was dirty when we was winning too. Everything's magical. It's, it absolutely is.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment. You've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format. But it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast has something for you. And you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football. The search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week of get all the latest news, previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook. Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely Loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


According to Adam Sch, Several teams have expressed interest in trading for Bryce Young. You're never gonna get what you gave up to get it. Despite the fact Dave Canales said Carolina Panthers did not intend to trade a former number one overall pick. He said you weren't gonna bench him either. According to sheer, although the Panthers have said they don't plan to trade young at this time, sources around the league believe it's only a matter of time before Carolina actually does complete a deal. I'd like, I'd like to see him, I'd like to see a change of scenery. I'd like to see a change of scenery. Where he goes is very important. I'm not sure if he'll be a starter, but maybe due to injury based on where he goes. If a starting quarterback goes down and he's able to get in there with the, in a adequate offense with a, a good supporting cast, then we can get to see the Bryce Young that we're used to seeing when he was at Alabama.


And it's, it is unfortunate that it came to this. And I think the benching is so early and only his second year because of the impatience of Dave, of Mr. Teper and Dave Canals knows that, knows that very well. You know, the fire Frank Wright, Frank Wright, 11 games in, in the season because things weren't going well. Mr. Kli knows that as well. He knows his lease is short, that they don't continue to win. And he just felt that they couldn't win Bryce Young at the time. And he's gonna learn, he's gonna learn. I don't think much is gonna change with Andy Dalton at the helm too. No, you already, again, Andy Dalton. If Andy Dalton is the answer, I need to know the question you're asking. Second of all, mojo, do you realize how far you would've set this organization back?


'cause if you missed that, you miss on that guy. Yeah. Now you're probably not gonna be in a position to draft another one. And. if you do, then what if you don't surround, if you draft another quarterback and you don't surround him with anything, the same thing's gonna happen to that quarterback that happened to this one Right. To square one. And it's probably going to keep happening until they, they, they draft. Right. And I'm keep happening the way he treated Steve Wilkes after he turned that program around with Matt Rule. And you didn't even give him a, I don't wish bad. I'm just like my grandma used to say, boy, I don't wish bad on nobody, but I sure don't wish good on 'em either. Right.


So I'm not saying I wish bad, but I don't wish, I don't wish prosperity either. Yeah. I just think he handled some situations very poorly. I think Steve Wilkes deserves an opportunity to get that job and hopefully another opportunity presents itself for Steve. But that was a very, that was a very, I mean, he doesn't have patience. I don't know how he thought he was gonna be a great owner without patience. 'cause you gotta have that ocho you got to have it. That's rule number one. That's rule number one in business in general. Forget owning a team, being an entrepreneur, running a business. And now, now we talk about the NFL.


Like you can't, you can't use money and buy your way into winning. It takes time. Yeah. It, It takes time. And then, you know, they show the situation. I think his, his ex is dating Tyrese Max. I think they like, that's on his mind. You see what I said, Ocho you see, you think so If you keep, if you keep your stuff private, if you keep your stuff private, you can break up in private. Yeah. If you date publicly, you gonna have to break up publicly. And then everybody gonna start speculating. That's why he playing bad. That may or may not be the case, but I seen guys, they have no girlfriend to play like crap guys be married and play terrible.


I mean, we gotta stop automatically soon because somebody's playing bad. There's something going on in their lives that's leading them to play bad. Right. That's not always the case. Yeah. Now that can be the case. Have I seen it? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It, it can be a distraction. It, it, it, it, it can be a distraction. So, but I don't think that played a factor. I'm assuming they probably been, they haven't been together for a while. Especially for her to be moving on like that in public. But you ain't moving on. What am I supposed to do? Wait, I mean, you know what I'm trying to Say. I know what you saying. I know what you're saying. Yeah. It, it, they had been done. We just catch a window because they, she can just going in public now, she's not yours.


It's just your turn. I mean, that's the thing. I mean, there is there a time limit on yo you break up, you break up with something, you break up with somebody If there's a time limit in which you could go public with another person. No, no. I, I don't think there's a time limit, but I, I think those That No, you need Rob, I need to know you hurt because if you ain't, if you right away, you ain't love me anyway. Oh listen, But listen, I, if forget about love, forget about love. If she moves on right away, she was already talking to that individual, you know, planting that seed while y'all were still together. That's why the transition, that's why the transition and moving on was so easy. 'cause see for one, she was already mentally checked out anyway and she moves on and moves on fast.


That person was already in play anyway. Who, Lord And, if you smart, you have a better understanding anyway. If she's willing to deal with you while you with me at some point, as time goes on, then you gonna get, you gonna get the same treatment too. You gotta pick up. So It's, it's a cycle. The cycle, the cycle never ends. Hey, the cycle. My grandpa used to say, boy, if they'll cheat with you, they'll cheat on you. Don't let that go over your head. Chad, listen, Chocho, I Listen, I, I I, I've said, I've said it before myself. I've said, I've said it before myself. Whatever they're willing to do with you when they're not yours, they will do to you when they belong to you. Ah, man. That's see. And The cycle will, the psych, the cycle will continue to repeat itself over and over and over and over no matter what.


Yo, That, hey, you say they do what they do for you and they, you know, they knew because you say all of a sudden woman start working out red say, boy, she getting ready for somebody else to seal naked. Hmm. That hey, that's where you just slump that in that trip. Like real. Yeah. Well, and that's, that's the wonderful thing in what we call life. And one thing about human nature, one thing about human nature. Human nature is undefeated. It is Ocho it is Undefeated. Undefeated. You could post as many quotes as you want.


You could say, ain't that Be that be killing me with that ocho And, and don't live by. They quit. They quit. God, God in my life, God, child don't what? Don't live by nan. Bit of it. Yeah. And got a head on the Bible and do beating the back end. But she God child, okay. Yeah. Okay. Jayden Daniels is Matthew, mark, Luke, and John. He's the gospel. He's him H period. I Period m Yeah. He's him. Yeah, he is, he is. And He was 21 of 23, 254 yards, two touchdowns, zero turnovers, 91% completion percentage.


He goes on the road in a hostile environment against the bingo hostile. And they, we know the bingo, the crowd is gonna be rockers. They're Oing two, they don't want to go down. Oh and three. It's very, very hard to make the playoffs going down Oh to three because guess what, in order for you to get back to 500, you gotta win your next three games. That gets you back at 500. You have a slip up. You could easily be one in five or two and four. Matter of Fact. Not, not to make matters worse, unc Ask. Ask. I'm not even gonna say it. Ask, ask who we play next. Watch this. Ask, ask who to bangal play next. Don't y'all got, don't y'all got Baltimore? No B 'em who they got next?


Oh, y'all got the Panthers. That's a win for the Panthers. I got the Panthers. That's, that's easy. That's the easy dub there. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't who you, who you got Panther Circle. Y'all on the schedule. Listen, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going to that game. Not that back. Back to this game. Listen, Jayden Daniels was phenomenal. Jayden, Jayden Daniels at the quarterback position played phenomenal tonight. Listen, the franchise, the commander franchise, they got them one. Oh they got, they got them a 10, 12 year. They got them a 10, 12 year franchise quarterback And. we got a small sample size of it at LSU. I didn't expect 'em to come in this early as a rookie.


And this is the question I'm gonna ask you as a rookie, and look this good this early. And my question to you, UNC, is, which you might have a better, better way of answering why did that some rookies can come in their rookie year and look the par to look like they've been before. The cj, Sri, the Jayden, the Jayden Daniels. And then you have other rookies that don't look the par They struggle. Yeah. They don't do well. That's, that's with any position. Some wide receivers come in and you get a Randy Moss or you get a Pookah Nku or you'll get a Justin Jefferson. And then sometimes guys, it takes a little longer. Everybody doesn't mature. Some people reach maturity at 18.


Some people it takes 'em 21. Some people it takes them 25. Some people never damn mature. But you do. It all depends on, look, the one thing we know about Cliff Kingsbury, he can coach some quarterbacks. Yeah. Yeah. He and Lincoln Riley can coach quarterbacks. Now we can, you can say what you wanna say about them as head coaches. But when it comes to running an offense, when it comes to putting a quarterback and taking what he does really well and accentuating that and putting him in the most positive position so you he can have success, it is hard to say somebody is better than those two. Now Ian might have something to say about that because we know what he's done with quarterbacks in his tenure as an OC and a head coach.


But that's the one thing Cliff Kingsbury Lincoln Riley can do. They can coach the quarterback position and he has a quarterback processes information very well. He sees the bill very well. He had Terry McCluen earlier on a seven route and he threw it out bounds. Hundred percent of the balls that land out bounds, they incomplete. But you say what he did on that next one, he put it up. Yeah. Under the rest, gave McCluen an opportunity, keep him in bounds In the bread basket. And, and And, and, and, and McClure did a great job of holding onto it. Oh, Joe, this this young man. I mean, the moment is not too big. You saw what he did at LSU last year. He won the Heisman Trophy.


He was sensational dual thread quarterback. But the thing that I love most about him, he's not relying on his legs. He will only run if it's absolutely necessary. Ly gotta, This was supposed to be marquee year for the Dolphins. So far it's turned into a night where as it stands, Tua will not be able to practice and play until week eight at the earliest. And even that might be a hopeful timeline. While the schedule is extremely favorable until that time they get the Titans, Patriots, Colts and Cardinals. It's tough to favor Miami. Any of 'em? Whoa, whoa. Based on the quarterback situation. Listen Brother Scarlet Hobson is hurt. Tyler Huntley is stepping in.


Tyler Huntley has played some good football. When he is with the Ravens, like I think he can bring a little bit of excitement. It's a different type of offense though. That was a run based off offense. And you know what, From a passing standpoint, I think, I think he'd be a little bit, little bit better than Sky be Johnson and being able to get that goddamn ball to Waddle. Being able to get that ball of cheese up. Being able to get that ball up. Yeah. I I think we gonna be, I think we gonna be all right now, got a nice little dual direct quarterback. He can pull it down and run with it when he need to kick us Out. It might not be as bad as you think. If he can, if he can, if he can get in the boys about maybe the two and two.


What? It's bad. So you, you don't believe in Tyler Hunter, It's bad, Right? You saying it's Bad's not as bad as you may think it is. I think it's worse. I'm not saying that we, we bringing in Lamar Jackson. Okay. I ain't calling Lamar Jackson, but, but man, he can play some if, if if, if You know, you know with Afri, you know, hunt with a fridge in at one time, right? Yes sir. A free agent, which means any other 32 other, well Sometimes you know, they do that. So you, You know that, huh? Other teams could have signed him or Joe stop. Not if you a quarterback. They might do that. Some other positions not that position because it's too valuable.


It's too valuable. Or plot a lane. I'm say something, but I ain't gonna say it. I don't, I don't even feel like being controversial. But don't worry about it. I'm gonna let that one go. I, I think the thing is, is that, look, there are Ryan Tan Hill's available. Cam Newton is available. I don't know if Cam really wants to play or if he's in shape to play football. Desmond Ritter, who Possible trade targets. Bryce Wait to go Where Russell Wilson, Carson wins to Miami. Bryce Young and to are on the same team. I, I wonder why, why they, I mean what other quarterbacks are out there that are familiar with that?


Offense? Offense. I, I like Tanny Hill. Tan Hill would've been nice. Carson Wi Carson Wentz run ran a, a a a a variance of it under Doug Peterson. Right. Doug Peterson, The same Umbrella. Andy Reed got a West Coast system from Coach Parcell. Mike Holmgren. So it's a, it's a, it's a offshoot of it. It's not, it's not like Kyle Shanahan and, and Sean McVay and Mike McDaniel, all those guys. Really? Yeah. But it's, it is a, it is an offshoot of it. Or they could tank and get the number one pick.


Hey, I mean, you know how difficult it is to talk And you might get, and you might get Travis Hunter. Oh, okay. Or you could get Your door. Wait Jacksonville. Oh, oh No Miami. Oh no. Why Moved On from Jacksonville. I'm think about the quarterback situation. 'cause I'm thinking about being a bust. I I, I I hate using that word. I hate using that word for that position. Especially when you go as high as number one to Miami should do. Damn. That's, that's, no, that's impossible. You just paid tour. That's impossible.


Damn, man. I, I, listen, I I mean, I I mean, sometimes people build a new house and sell it. Nah, not really. Sometimes people build a new house and sell it. Not Really. I I I've never, I've never heard of that one. If you build something, you're gonna be there longer than three or five years. Oh yeah. Are you Trying? Nah, I'm looking to flip. That's a good one. Maybe they go get Joe Flaco Now that, now that's a good move. You talking about you wanna, you wanna add a spark to your offense and not miss a beat or a step. You go get your Joe Flaco. But there he Do Joe.


Push it down the field. Now he got an arm, he ain't gonna move. Now the Statue of Liberty has moved more than Joe Joe Flaco in the last 175 years. Yeah, I got you. Okay. One deal I got. But anyway, you get where I'm going.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your, your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast has something for you and you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday. All season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more. No. And I have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars. Join me, me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it, huh? Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None of it. Then sight. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, Ojo? Yeah. It is time for Rough Draft. Oh, you gonna lose again. Today's prop is best. NFL Rookie season. Woohoo. I'm up first let's do the cut. Let's do the, let's do the promo. Let's do the graphics. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I like this one. I like this. Yeah, I got this one. Oh no. My first one. No, you finna lose. You finna lose. You ain't won like three weeks. Why you going first? Because You went first last time. That's why I'm going first this time. All right, go ahead. Alright, first up for me. I'm taking Eric Dickerson, his rookie season.


He rushed for 1,808, 1800 yards. Okay. Was rookie of the year and later we know what he did. He, next season he ran for 2105. Yep. So I got Eric Dickerson up first. Okay. My first one. My first one. A lot of people, especially unless you a defensive person, you might not like this, but if you watched him play during, during the day, back during this day, especially with in college, I'm going with Jevon Curtis's rookie year. Okay. For me, I'm taking Randy Moss, right? If you saw his rookie season. Yeah. Randy Moss was he Hey, he was moss. He Was the real deal. He was the real deal. Well, you know what, speaking of receivers since I'm, I'm, I'm gonna piggyback off what you just said. And I'm on with another receiver who had a hell of a goddamn rookie season and his name is Jamar Jamar.


Nathaniel Chase. Alright. You like him? Yeah. You know who I'm going with. I'm going number three. I'm going CJ s str. You know what, that was historic. That was a historic season. That was the historic season. But it wasn't one. You want to give up now later? No. Oh, you finna lose it. The next, the next one. Listen. Arguably maybe one of the greatest run backs of all time and Barry Sanders. Yeah. That Barry Sanders, the one he played in Detroit. They called it Motown at Ford Field. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a good, that was a good one. Ocho. Yeah. Let me see. Yeah, Come on. That you gonna lose, you gonna lose this. You know who I'm going with?


Who that? Lawrence Taylor. Lawrence Taylor was defensive player of the year and rookie of the year in his rookie season. It's over Chad. Tell him to go home. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Listen, you think about Lawrence Taylor and his totality. We talking about his rookie year. His rookie year. He only had nine his rookie year, but he only had nine and a half sacks. He only had nine and half Sacks ball. You do? Oh, Joe, you do realize the sac didn't become an official stat until 1982. Listen, he came in the league in 1981 that don't thatt mean that he was defensive player of the year and, and rookie defensive rookie of the year. How many guys have ever done that? Listen, he only had nine and half sack and sin and, and sin. I'm gonna piggyback off for you. I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go to the defensive player too. I'm gonna go to the defensive player in his rookie year was also phenomenal.


He had 36 solo tackles with nine sacks, maybe the greatest defensive tackle of all time who just happened to retire. And Aaron Donald, what you Talk about. Okay. I like that. It's over Ocho it's over for you. You know what, I might give you a chance to come back, but I ain't going to Who you got? I'm gonna go way, way, way, way back. You know What, how far back? I ain't gonna go that far back. I, I'ma be, I'm gonna let him be my honorable mission. Yeah. You know who I'm gonna go with, don't you?


Who? That? He just had it last year. pka Nku. Ooh. Okay. That's a good one. Okay. That, that's a good one. That's a good one. I can't even, I can't even argue. I can't even, I can't even argue that one because he was, he was on fire last year. So this is my honorable mention right now, right? Yep. My Honorable this. No, you got five. This is number five for you. Okay, number Five. Lemme think I done win. I done win defense twice. Matter of fact, you know what, I'm gonna go cam new, I'm gonna go back to Cam new.


Okay. Rookie year, 4,000 plus yards two one TD 770 yards on the ground. 14. Yeah. Yeah. Going cam, new rookie year. That's my fit. Okay. Huh? Yeah, you definitely, you definitely lost this rupture at this time. Oh no. It ain't even close. Trust Me. The the chat. The chat. Listen, the chat is one thing about them. They don't lie and they will tell you I lost this rupture. Bad look here. Where do I want to go?


You know who I like. How the unbelievable rookie season ocho dak. Do I want to go quarterback? Do I want to go running back? You can go Dak Dak had a crazy or had crazy rookie season. Well You should have put, you should should've picked him. No, I'm just saying You, You stuck. I'm just giving you an option. Nah, hey, I might, you know what? I might even put my rookie season Mitchell. I got Eric Dixon random ball CJ on lt. That's a nice little lineup. It ain't better. Oh yeah. Ain't Better than mine though.


Oh, it's way better. Yours. Don't, yo, your, your, I ain't saying yours some stir fry, but I'm just saying it ain't good. Nah, hold on. Oh, I gotta take my, Hey, rest his soul Reggie White. Woo. That's a good one. If y'all didn't get an opportunity to see this man play and see him up close and personal. 'cause I saw him in his prime. Yeah, I'm talking about at his absolute apex. Yeah, I saw him with the Eagles in 92. I saw him in 93. I saw him in 96. Yeah. And I saw him in the Super Bowl. So I'm talking about at his absolute apex.


I'm Take it Reggie. Okay. I like that. That's it. Listen, can't argue, can't even argue that. Go ahead. Damn, that was a good one. Boy, that hey, that that Reggie one that, that Reggie one kind of knocked it out the box boy. But I pro I I I had to, I had to show hey t you way before I got to Reagan. Right? Right. Oh, shoot, I did Cam Aaron Donald, I got Barry Jevon curse. You don't want Justin Jefferson, you don't want Dak Sequan Barkley Odell, nah, Hold on, hold on.


Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm looking for, you know, somebody some, I'm looking for another iconic figure to, to kind of, I'll give you one, I'll let you take Gale sayers. You know what The Kansas County, I, I, you know what? I got one of 'em from LSU I'm gonna go with Justin Jefferson as my honorable mentioned it. Okay. I told you that. And you know who I'm gonna go with? My last honorable mention pick. Kurt Warner Is rookie here. Yep. When he came from the CFL.


Yep. He was all right. He was all right. He Was all right. He was all right. He was all right. I I, I, I listen, I won, I won that list too. Hey man, you look at my stuff, man. Look at it man. Look at this ED rush for 1800 yards of the rookie ocho. Yeah. As a matter of fact, that was like the fourth, like the fourth or fifth most yards ever. I don't think we are ever gonna see a rookie rush for more than that, don't you? Because they don't run the ball. Like, Nah, they don't, they don't run it enough.


They don't run the ball because you know how many carry, first of all, even if you get six yards of carry, right, you gonna have to carry the ball at least 300 times. Yeah. If you average four, if you average five yards of carry, now you gonna be looking at 350 carries right? Now, you starting to get to that point of no return, right? Because you start getting to that 3 70, 3 83 9400. That's the point of no return. Only Eric Dickerson had been able to go to that number, right. And return safely. Right. You go back and look at the guys that got three 90. Look at the James Wilder, look at Terrell Davis. Look at the dirt, Mr.


Jamal Anderson. Look at Eddie George. Right? Look at the guys that get those. Go back and study those once they hit that number and see what the career happened after that. So that's why I don't think we're gonna see it again. And Ed did it. He did it in, in, in and in in, in, in, in 83. Right? Which was his rookie year because he came in that great draft class with Marino and Elway and Kelly. Right? Richard Dent was in that. Bruce Matthews was in that draft class. Darryl Green was in that draft class. They had like seven Hall of Famers. And back then, I don't think there were only 28 teams. So a court damn near, you know, was a, was crazy, but so who, your hall of Fame who?


Your hall of Fame number two. My hall of famer number two. I mean the Hall of Fame. I mean your Honorable mention. You want another one? Yeah. Rookie year. Ooh, let's go, let's go Mike. Mike, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go. You know, even though, even though they, they getting on my boy for doing too much talking. I'm gonna go Michael Parsons. Michael Parsons, rookie. A 13 sacks, 84 tackles 64 solo tackles, 20 tackles for loss.


Yeah. You know what, can I take Kurt one off? Nah, nah, nah, nah. No. You, you got Kurt one of there. So I'm, I'm that okay's how I know I'm gonna win this. No, you, it is old for you. I mean, it ain't even close. Shit. If I don't, if I don't win this 90 to 10, I don't know what's going on. Trust me, you're not 66 to 34 Ocho Who win it. Me About time. You done lost the last five Rough drafts we done played. I mean, think about it. I've got Ed was rookie of the year. Randy was rookie of the year. CJ was rookie of the year. LT was rookie of the year.


Reggie White was rookie of the year. I got, I let you have this one. I got defensive player of the year, man, I got like, LT was a rookie of the year, right? I got 1, 2, 3, 4, I got five Rookie of the year. Right? I mean, listen, I, I I let you have this one. I I I felt bad for you all the time. I've won the past 1, 2, 3, the past four Rough Draft. So I mean, it is about time you got your one The Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players. A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo-hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going Down on season two of my podcast Off the Edge with me. Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL Stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends, and did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.