
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start it together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camil Ramon at Amli Ortiz. And our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arriva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, DraftKings Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the Play Games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long Draft Kings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Drafting Sports book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers new draft King customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, taxed and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. What an exciting ball game as the Clippers go into Denver and they win. 1 0 5, 1 0 2. Thanks to Kauai. Leonard's Virtuoso. 15 or 19 from the floor. Four seven from three perfect from the free throw line. 39 big points. And he was the best at, he was as good as I've ever seen him in the playoffs. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc, my co-host is your favorite. Number 85, the Liberty City legend, the Bingle Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Also our contributor for all things basketball in the playoffs is, y'all know him, the Arkansas native that he Phoenix.


You know him a little bit from Phoenix, but you really know him as a hawk. And Annette, here he is, ISO Joe, Joe Johnson. Well guys, let's get right into this ball game. Got a lot to talk about tonight. The Clippers win 1 0 5 to 1 0 2. As I said, thanks to Kaw Leonard and a big, big three from Norman Powell who struggled all night long with his shot, but he found it when he needed to find it. Yes, yo had a triple double but he did not play well. Seven turnovers, four missed free throws. And I think that was the difference in the ball game, Joe, that all those free throws, they make one miss one make one miss one. It came back to bite 'em. What did you like about what you saw from the Clippers after a tough loss on Saturday? They come back and get a tough win on Monday.


Well you knew, you knew Team Blue was gonna have those guys ready and they was gonna regroup. I didn't think they played bad. You know the game one, I thought they you. Right. Good. You know, probably down to the, to the end. But man, they can say what they wanna say about Kauai or Ojo. Yeah, that guy out there doing the playoffs, he make it happen man. He does. Hey, the mid range assassin. A analytics trying to take the media out the game and man they may get into his spot every time raising up shooting and it's cash. He look, he look good tonight for me. I, I like, I like how his body look. He don't look like he outta shape. He looks like a guy who's in elite shape and he's ready to go.


He gave him everything they was looking for tonight. Man. You didn't, he didn't need James to be special tonight. He was solid throughout the whole game. I like Zoo Box competing against Big Yolk Yolk. That's a match up man. That's a great matchup. But all in all the Clippers did what they wanted. Hey they, they, they came down there to get one, got one and they was able to do that in game two. Man, they look good. Yeah, when you look at Kauai, I, I think the thing is is that Zbox makes Yoic works on the other end. He had another, the double double 16 and 12. You can live with that as you said. James Harden did not, didn't need to be spectacular night, but it was quiet and I thought it was very interesting. Joe Kauai had it going.


Yeah, but Ty Lou gave him a six minute break in the third quarter knowing this game's gonna be close. I need him to close it out. I need for the entirety. I'm not bringing him off the court. And you saw him at the end of the game slumped over. He was dog tired because he played 39 minutes and they needed all 39 minutes from him. But I thought Tlu stole some time and when the Nuggets couldn't get any separation with Kauai off the floor, you knew okay this game's gonna come down to the end. Michael Porter Jr. Played extremely well. Mm. He had six offensive rebounds. They needed a call to or or action and he answered that call. But that turnover after he got that rebound where he threw it away Yeah. And led to a Norman Power three. That was really the difference in the ball game.


Ocho, what'd you like about what you saw tonight? Listen, Ty Lou had them boys ready to play unc, he had 'em ready to play Kawhi. I'm not sure what Kawhi, I'm not sure what Kawhi did, what his routine was before this game. I'm not sure what he ate, what he ate. I don't know how he stretched, but whatever he needs, whatever he did before this game today, he need to repeat it every game. From this point on the Kauai I saw tonight KY was special. We've talked about his injuries, we talked about him not playing games and missing games, but I don't know who that was tonight. We've seen it before but I've never seen it to this magnitude. I've never seen him this, this efficient like this. Tonight obviously you had Norman Powell who, who contributed coming off the bench.


James Hart did what James Hart does. Obviously he didn't need to be special like you guys mentioned earlier, I think one of the main factors in why the Clippers were able to win this game is I think about not what the Clippers did but what the Nuggets did in turning the ball over 20 Times, 20 damn times. As opposed to the Clippers only turned it over 11. Obviously Joker having a triple double. He didn't play well. He missed some, some shots late in the game down the stretch from the free through line, which also contributed to them losing tonight. But the Clippers did well. Ty Lou did what he needed to do from a coaching standpoint in making sure they were prepared to come out and get and steer and steal a win. Because when you look at it, Joe, as Ocho mentioned, 20 turnovers for it was just the opposite.


What did the Clippers do that cost them the game? Turn the ball over on Saturday. Yep. Yep. Now the nuggets repaid. Repaid the favor, Cadillac in the championship game we saw Houston for Duke turn it over and then what did they do? They turned around against Florida in the national championship game. They turned it over the, the nuggets crushed them. Plus 18 in rebound margin plus eight offensive rebound margin. But when you plus nine in the turnover and you plus Mi and you minus six, you shot 10 more free throws but you missed eight of them. Yeah, you struggling. You turnover missed free throws. There's your ball game right there Joe.


How do, if you are the nuggets, what if you're Dave Delman, what are you telling your team? Man, we gotta continue to fight it. We gotta go, we gotta go to LA and try to get us one. You know, we gotta dig that down deep and find something within us. Man, they, they got guys, I don't think they guys play terrible now. I thought they played pretty good on considering the big, the big guns, the, the, the Joker Gordon Porter. You know, I thought they played solid and I thought Murray played good enough for him to win, honestly. Yeah, just gotta, they gotta keep working, You know, get back to the drawing boy and look forward to game three. But what I will say is when you look at the Clippers, I think when they get home they'll be a lot better than them.


Other guys around them will play a lot better as role players normally play be better at home. Normally play better at home. So this gonna be a long series for the n it is man, they, they already lost Home Point Advantage. You gotta steal one. So now it's on, it's on LA to take care of on corner. Go ahead. Don't YI Would, I would get ready to say obviously on we, You know, in games like this, obviously playoffs atmosphere is a completely different, You know much more about playoff experience than I do. But I know that feeling and what it's like to be there. 'cause on video games sometimes, You know, everything gets tight and it gets very difficult when it comes to being in the playoffs. So I think about when it comes to this time, not only for the negative for the clippers as well.


You gotta minimize mistakes, you gotta minimize errors and you gotta be efficient and you gotta be consistent the best way you can. People coming off the bench, the role players, they have to be on point. They got to, they gotta be fine on all cylinders for each team to have the chance to win in advance to the next round. And that, that's really it. I ain't really got no bid to talk about anything playoffs being that I ain't really been in them as opposed to YouTube. But I know what it feel like 'cause I just explain why You didn't play a lot in Gordon in your career. O other, Hey man, don't, don't Ocho, come on, don't act like that. That don't give me like that, that, that's, that's, that's, that's true.


Hey, see that, that's why, that's why I led, that's why I led with, I don't know what it's like to be in the playoffs, but I've done it on video games and even I get nervous okay. And I get tight, You know, so that, that's, that's the only experience I got when it comes to playoffs. Joe, you and up been it, y'all done, done, done that. Aren go missed a wide open dunk. It hit the back. He hit the back of the rim. Huh? Oh Joe, you can't miss that. Yeah, you, you can't miss that bro. Hey, I got a question. Hey, hey Joe, I got a question. Go ahead. For, for something like that, that happens when you miss this dunk, obviously when you think it's going in, Hey uncle, do you think it's the same as, as a ball hitting you right in the hands and you dropping it because you take your eyes off the ball, you Think you did you take his eye off the rim?


He tried to dunk it so hard and it hit the back of the rim. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay. So it had nothing to do with hand eye? No. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I just, because you, you see, you see what he did? I mean he going, he was going Mark. Yeah, I thought he was two handed Joe. Yeah, because that's Norm. That's normally how he dunks the ball. Especially in close like that. Yep. He normally makes sure he finishes, but I was surprised that he went up with one hand and he, and you could see things like that happening. Mrs. A dunk, Michael Porter Jr. Gets the defensive rebound and throws it away, which leads into a walk three by Norman Powell because Christian Brown was caught in between. Do I go over here or do I stay? He, You know, Powell fakes it and then he pulls up boom.


Yeah. In situations like that, that's normally what happens. You pay a ultimate price with turnover. You turn the ball over in football, you pay double in the playoffs, you turn it on the basketball, the same thing. You commit an error in baseball in the playoffs it normally you extend the ending. Yeah. You extend it, you extend things. So that's a tough way to lose for the nuggets, but you gotta give the Clippers credit. Yeah. After a very difficult loss on Saturday to come in and play as well as they did tonight. Yeah. And to steal home court. Now somehow the nugget is gonna have to find a way to steal home court back. Because I don't believe if, if, if, If Clippers win, You know the Clippers win the two games.


I don't see how they, I don't see how they win, You know, three in a row. I don't, I don't see that. You see that Joe? You don't see that. You don't think the Clippers can win three in a row? No, I don't. This is a different team than the bubble. Yes, I know they did in the bubble, but this is a different team. This, this, they didn't have a James Harden Kauai and Kauai had some quiet, Kaw had some quiet times in the fourth quarter with some sixes and some tools. And that the, that guy that I see now, he ain't gonna have no games like that. Yeah. Yeah. I, man listen, I like, I like what I seen from the Clippers. Scrappy got a bunch of life size guys play multiple positions and cause a lot of ha and penetrate and kick it out for three and just scrambling.


You know it's just ba it's backyard basketball man. This playoff basketball as it's finest. Look the clippers know what Denver going run Denver know what the clippers going run. Y'all can't show us nothing new under the sun. We know what y'all now it's your will versus my will. And that's, that's what's so special about the playoffs man. It's like who wants it the most? And right now man, the Clippers got a hold of it. Yeah. Hey young. Yeah. Hey did you just say you don't think Kauai can have another game like this? He can't, no, no. I, I've said I don't think if the nuggets go down three one, I don't think they can come back like they did in the bubble. Nah, because I don't believe Kauai will play as poorly as he did in the second, in the fourth quarter in the bubble. Right. He's playing extremely well right now.


As Joe said earlier, he's locked in. Yeah. Now you let him get that midrange going early. Now you're at his mercy because if he backs out past that three point line and he sees a couple of those go in, what you do? You hug up on him, he can go by you or you think he's gonna go by you and then he stops on the dine and he just raises up over you. He had it going tonight because he made some very difficult shots over two defenders. Yeah. Give him his dude, give him his credit. Yeah, he played well tonight. He was one of the main reasons why they won. Zbox is doing what Zbox does. Zoo just give us 16 and 12. Give us your average, make it work on the offense on the defensive end. I was surprised. I don't think Yoku was aggressive enough. You got Ben Simmons on you and you out there bull driving around the three point line.


Nah, that ain't what you need to be bro. Take his ass down to the paint. Get up on eight. Hey they go to the pick and roll or Murray, they may come. Hey clear aside, go, hey get get away and let me go to work on Ben. Ain't no way you supposed to be outta the top of the key with Ben Simmons on you. If you, Nicole Yogi Joe and he was, and he was, they had Yoko, Jin and puffing out there. Man. They doing what? They work early. They catching him at the three point line body banging him all the way to the paint. So by the time we get to the paint he a little tired and exhausted. Tired. Yeah. You know it's hard for him to kind of get into his, get into his mojo like he normally would because it's a different setting. We in the playoffs now. Nothing's easy. Ain't nothing that gonna let him walk down to that post and think he just going turn around and shoot jump hooks all night now.


We ain't going for that. You going to work today big fella? Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah they do. They're doing a great job. They take, they let my handle the ball. They let Brown handle the ball. Russ handle the ball. Some, some, so, but he's not handling the ball. But you could tell, You know they're, they're wearing on him. Zoo box is banging on him. But like I said, you get a reprieve once they take zoos out the game. Big zoos and I got you got to wear, you got to wear Ben Simmons light ass out. 'cause he, I understand he's 16 but he ain't, he ain't a big body like Zbox. Yeah. Now he's not, he's not a big body like Zbox. But look yo playing a great game and he still had a, a nice Beastie triple double. Yeah, those seven turnovers don't hurt him though Joe.


Those seven turnovers hurt him, but he was four for eight from the three. I like that. It is like whenever he wants to shoot the three ball, like he's very efficient when he shoots it. But he was, he was pretty good man. He just need other guys to step up. Maybe. I would probably say Gordon or Porter, they gotta play a little bigger than what they playing right now, especially points wise. Yeah, because he, he, yeah, port the play gloves, he just had, he had three turnovers. Gordon has gotta be a little bit more aggressive, a little bit more efficient. He was five or 13, one of three three. But he was three or three from the three point line throw up. Excuse me, from the free throw line. But I I I think this was more had to do with what, what the Clippers did do as opposed to what the Nuggets didn't do.


Did yes. I think we need to chip our hats off, especially to Kawai Leonard because he was sensational tonight along with ve Zbox but Norman Powell hit the shot heard around the world. I didn't get a chance to read. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for your continued support. You showed up here tonight supporting us. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Poitier. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find Shaa by La Poitier and Shade by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it online. We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe.


Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restock, the link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for our not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, yc, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@sheshamedia.com slash tour. That's shesha media.com/tour link pending in the chat. Guess some shaping up real nice guys, you don't wanna miss this tour. This is the one that if we come to a city near you, make sure you check out your favorite UNC and your nephew. Go get your tickets now.


The Pistons snap their 15 game playoff losing streak. It was the longest such streak in NFL. In N-F-L-N-B-A history. It's their first playoff win since 2008. Cade Cunningham, we said that he needed to bounce back and play better. He absolutely bounced back and he played, yeah, sensational 32 was 33 points, 12 rebounds. He's the first pistol that since Chauncey bill in 2004 with a 30 10 playoff game, 30 points, 10 rebounds. Cade Cunningham had 33 points, 12 rebounds. He was the difference tonight. And Dennis Schroder, the one thing about shooter, hey, he's been in the moments.


The moments. He is not afraid of the moments. He's not afraid to take the big shots. I've seen him take so many big shots when he was playing for the Lakers. They trust him and I don't, and I don't see any reason why they shouldn't trust him to buy his Harry's was, was great again. He played 43 minutes, had 15 points, 13 big rebounds. K 33, 33 and 12. But it was true to off the bench. They gave you 20 big points was the difference in the ball game. And they were able to overcome a sensational game by Jalen Brunson who had 37 points. But they didn't get nearly enough from Carl Anthony Times. He only had 10 points on five of level shooting.


Five trouble was the big reason why. But Mikel Bridges had 19, OG had 10, Kat had 10. Josh Hart had 10, but it wasn't enough. Jalen Brunson at 37, but it was the 33 points from K Cunningham, 12 points, 13 rebounds from Duren and 15 points from and 13 rebounds from Tobias Harris. And they beat the Knicks on the glass 48 to 34. I was surprised at how they dominated the glass. You know, consider you got Kat, consider you got Mitchell Robinson. Consider you got OG a Nobie and they dominated the glass. And I think that was one of the reasons why they won the ball game. Even though they had more turnovers, but they took the ball to the crank.


38 4 free th tail, Joe. 34 to 19


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again, our NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dove Dynasty. The Dubs dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey. Yeah, I mean listen, I think the difference tonight game Jalen Bronson had 34 last game tonight. He had 37. But nobody else, nobody else for the neck contributed or didn't contribute enough. That kind of the balance and mad and the encounter. What the PIs were able to do. If Cade had the, Cade had what, 33? I don't think he had 33. 33 and 12. 1121 from shooting. You know he had 12 rebounds. And then you also have shooter contributing, then you had Tobias Harris contributed, contributing as well. Then you look at the Knicks, you got 37 from Jalen Bronson, Carl Anthony Towns, I mean he doesn't show up like the Carl Anthony Towns that we're used to seeing Josh Hart. There was nobody else. So it was just, it was the one man show as opposed to three on the other end.


Therefore that's why the results were what they were and why they were able to bounce back that goddamn K hunt K Cunningham. Boy, he's special boy. He is boy, he's special boy. He's something nice. Now you remind me of myself in high School. Just a look. Alright, go ahead. No jump go that. Hey Joe, don't don't do that. Don't do that, don't do that. Because before, before it was ISO Joe. You know they, You know they called me an asshole. Right. They called you What they call your school bro. Iso ocho. I I actually was iso I wasn't OCHO yet. I was iso pepe back then. Hold On, hold on, hold on. I'm gonna, I'm we gonna get back to this game. But I did some digging and I found some footage on you in that Tmac game. You and Tmac?


Yeah. Huh? You and Tmac play. I seen that footage of you on Tmac. Yeah. Yeah. Garbage. That was garbage. O Joe Garbage. Wait a minute. Whoa. You look, you walking chew bubble gum man. I said man what don't you out here doing? You can't make a lay up none of that. Oh, hold on. Time out. This is after I had already dropped 20, I had already dropped 20 on Tmac head. That's why you pushed me outbound. I had him frustrated. I told you NBA players only know how to play an instruction environment. You know, running plays and all that. When it come to getting it off the muscle and you got somebody that's athletic and skilled with ladderal movement and quickness like me, you don't know what to do. That's why I say you can't beat me, bro.


What you talking about? I don't care about, I don't care about nobody calling you iso nothing. Because ain't gonna be nothing with one-on-one. It just me and you. Right. You ain You ain't built like this. Right. You ain't built like this. Right. See it with your chest, Gotti? Yeah. Hey listen, you got my voice cracking. That's how You know I'm serious man. I'm a competitor man. Yeah. I don't care what it is. I'm sitting boy Gate. I'm telling you. Hey, when I, when when I face you up like this? Yeah, I hit you with that jab left. Right. And when I come back and I, he, I I ain ain't going. I ain't going. I ain't, boy, I ain't, Hey Man, stop playing man. Listen, hey, but let, let's, hey let, let's get back to the playoffs. 'cause that like, I'm, I'm, I apologize.


I ain't mean to get off. Like, he kind of triggered me real quick. Like, hey, like I'm not him. You feel me? Stop playing boy. I, I am from, I'm boy, I'm from Liberty City, boy. We do everything. You hear me? It don't about swimming, swimming track, basketball, football, bing ball it, it don't matter. Huh? Bing pong shooting pool. Yeah. Yeah. It whatever we it it is. Who and whatever against whoever, Man. What? You go ahead. I apologize. My bad. Look, look, let's get back to the playoffs all back to the playoffs. I'm gonna give y'all my assessment on this. For some reason, Carl Anthony s he look, he look a little slow out the brakes man. Like he ain't got no energy. It's like, You know he ain't giving them what they need. You know they bench ain't gonna give him nothing 'cause they, because Tip ain't gonna play him enough.


No, you need Kat, Kat gotta have, he gotta be anywhere from about 20, 25 a night, man. 11 shot attempts. That ain't gonna get get it for the next big no fans not, not playing against these dogs and Detroit a I told you, you on ocho, you said who I like in the playoffs this year and I told you Okay Cunningham, he got it. He told the package, he showed that night. Yeah. He's very poison patient on offense creating for himself. He didn't have a lot of success tonight. They made him score, he scored the ball. He had 13, he had 12 rebounds. He was huge for them. They had that look. They would've won game one as well as game two.


But they had that low in game one. That 21 Oh run the Knicks made. Yep. House the Pistols game. Now they had another load of night about four, four and a half minutes where they couldn't score and then they end up, You know, end up closing out the game. But Detroit for real, they letting y'all know they for real. Now what I don't expect, I don't expect Tim Hardaway to go oh for eight no more. I think he's gonna play great at home with them. Bigley. They gonna shoot the ball well and they gonna be the others who's gonna help them, You know, probably advance in this, in this series. Especially at home anyway. Well, I don't, I don't get Tills campaign gave you 14 big points. He gave you 11 in the fourth and nine. Nine nine oh run and you play in four minutes.


What's that about? It? It needs to be reversed. Mikhail Bridges need 11 shots. Kat needs 18. Well that's on Kat. Kat needs to demand the ball and become more aggressive once he gets the ball. But You know, Kat has that propensity to sometimes drift through the game, bro. Did you forget you seven foot tall, did you forget that you were the number one overall pick in the draft? Do you, did you forget that you are the all star? Many times? Sometimes I think Kat forget just how good he could be. Kat, do you, do you realize that you once scored 16 a game? Mm. Kat you special. But sometimes I think he forgets, man I'm cat, I'm here man, look here.


All I know is finally father a basketball player with my mentality. I'm seven foot tall. I'm putting out, hey, I'm, I'm Shaq, I'm put Shaq never forgot he was big. Yeah. Shaq always played big. Shaq never played small. That's what I like about Shaq. He, he like, man I'm Selma 1 3 25 damnit I'm gonna play Selma 1 3 25. But, but I'm a a China shop. That that's a, that's that's a it Factor that come from within. Yeah. That's what A lot of people, Hey you talk about the young bull from the Lakers, right from Thers. How tall you say he is? Oh, you talking about Jackson Hayes? No, not the other one that you, you don't like Alex Lin.


Yeah, Man, man, that yeah, see That that's you. That, that, that it fact, that mentality. Not I, I don't wanna say mama mentality but just that, that mean spirit when it comes to being out there and understanding I'm seven feet tall. I'm finna dog whoever you put in front of me. Yes you finna get, you finna get this work. Does Kat have that it factor thing about the mentality and the way Ja Morron plays or the way Eddie Anthony Edwards plays? Imagine if Kat had that mentality or that kind of dog in him, what you think he would be O But Ka But You know what Kat problem is Jordan, I'm gonna let you go Kat prole. Kat wanna be the best shooting big man. Yeah. Kat don't like the bang. He's already said it.


And that's what got him in trouble last year in the western conference finals. He was selling too much. He said yes, he was selling for the three, he was selling for the jumper and they ain't got nobody that can deal with Kat. When Kat wanna play and becomes aggressive and put his back to the basket, I get it, you can shoot but at some point in time, at some times the game doesn't, di doesn't call for that. You need to dictate, says hey, I'm gonna go down the block, give it to me a give it to my head man. Let me have that go ahead Joe. You hey, but you gotta give the big fella for Detroit some credit Duran too. 'cause he playing man. Hey, he, he's a monster down there Ocho You know he bull so K definitely ain't muscling him. So it's almost like he kind of taking him out out the game to some degree.


But yeah, I'm like, oh man, I don't want him selling for jumpers. I want him down there in the paint causing havoc, making them dudes double team so we can create these Yes. Can get wide open shots. I do think he's just kind of floating around three point line too much and yeah, the Knicks, they gotta have at least two guys explode, You know, and that and, and that starting five in order for them to win. Because like I say, they barely play any guy coming off the bench. Yeah. Hey, hey Joe. Hey Joe. I mean listen, I'm I'm gonna ask this real quick. Do you think, because Kat knows he can't do nothing with Young Bull down there in the paint that he gonna settle for midrange and being out there by the three instead of going down and banging because You know you ain't finna post him up and You know you not gonna back him down.


Nah, I, I Think You know, he's probably gonna look at this footage. You know, he can look at the, he gonna look at the table is what I'm saying Joe. He gonna be like okay cool. You know, hopefully somebody on their coach staff tell me, Hey look big fella, we gotta have you down there on that paint. Yeah. No matter what. Being big, being a huge presence. So remember when we throw you the ball, this is a bucket foul or you kick it out, spray out the three if somebody got a wide open shot, but right now what he's giving Yeah, this, this is gonna be a long series for them man. This is a young scary Detroit team who've, You know, had to learn, learn by experience, You know, throughout the playoffs like Duran and K Cunningham, they had never been in the postseason so they learned from game one came back in game two, duplicated pretty much the same performance but, but closed the deal at the end and man Detroit basketball, that is fine.


This baby there. Yeah. I look at it like this Joe, I'm a veteran player. I'm a pro bowler, I'm an all pro. Ain't no young guy doing nothing with me. I know too much. I understand the moment. Right. He ain't gonna see me not in they better double. Yeah they better come double. Right because if you don't, I'm gonna punish you and Kat has to have, but look, Kat is who he at at this point in time. Joe Kat is who he is and I like Kat a lot but Kat needs to be more aggressive. Yo ca we know Ka can shoot the three. We know that he wanted. I Sam voted win a three point contest.


He did it. Yeah. Yeah. I think, Hey look, he he, he just gotta be, he just gotta assert himself a little more. Especially in the start, You know look I love big body Bronson. It just seemed like when he get into the pain he turn into a straight five. Man. He go to pivoting. Yeah. I'm like bro, bro you six foot tall, how the hell you talking about how you gonna put your shoulder in somebody chance to get separation? Listen and shoot a turnaround. They making it work. Look, give shoulder credit. He didn't just play great offensively. I thought defensively he was a pass, he was a pass on busing and he made him work. Picked him up full court, made him go into their Magic Johnson bag down. It's just shoulder just ain't got enough bricks in his back pocket to stop him.


Once he get that. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Well and Sue Thompson, when he got in foul trouble, he got in foul trouble. Yeah. And so that was there because he's a long rangering guy back then, You know, bought he, You know he could, You know, he could play out, he can contest if he shoots to step back I can contest it. I'm long and range enough. I don't have to worry about you beating me around the edge. None of these other guys possess that. Yeah because he going bull like you said he'll bully a a shooter. Yeah. And Shooters is not a bad defender but he just light in the back pocket. Yeah. Yeah. And You know Tim Hardaway Jr. The same thing. And so Wes and so West and so Thompson, west Thompson got in trouble. Yeah. You saw, you saw, you saw Brunson get super aggressive.


Yeah. Yeah he did. He super aggressive. Turned it up. He turned it up. Thompson is a bad, he's a tough matchup for Brunson 'cause he's so much, he's so long and athletic. All he gotta do is stay discipline. He's playing great defense. Look, the one thing I love about Thompson is he knows his role man. He ain't out there to do nothing. He ain't gonna be out there just jacking up no wild shots. I'm out here to hustle defense cause have it get stills be on the break like he's playing his job to the tee. Keep your head up young fella. He going hard out there. Yeah. And that's what and that's what look, but the thing is you gotta play smart because Brunson is Cajun now. He'll pump fake, You know, and when you jump, he'll jump into you. Yeah. So you, hey you gotta be on your best behavior when you guard a guy like Brunson it, I don't know what it is.


Yo, what is it about them left handed guys that's always crafting man. You see Armando was like that. Yeah, they some Barcelonas was like that. All these left-handed guys, they be crafty as is a a, it seemed like they got an advantage from the jump, You know, being left because You know, you just not really used to playing against lefties. So you got no old game playing when you play against a lefty. You know what I mean? And Yep. It just seemed like they always got an advantage. I don't know. But it's been some crafty lefties obviously James Harden and Big Body Bronson, man. Hey listen Ocho hey, hey, hey. You guard that man. It's a, it's a long game bro. Yeah, it's gonna be a long night. I know you in boxing, you like to box and all that, right?


Yeah, I, You know, I got a nice little foot footwork. Yeah. Get a nice little footwork. Be in a fight with him. Boy, I ain't, when the game over you gonna be hurting. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Oh Lord have mercy, man. What happened? Nico Harrison held another press conference today and said he did It. He did it Again. I didn't know Luca was important to the fan base. I didn't quite know to what level. Joe, what do you think would've happened if the Lakers would've traded Kobe and Kobe didn't ask to be traded? Cleveland trades LeBron and LeBron doesn't ask to be traded, do you? What do you mean you didn't know?


Did you, when you go to there and you see all those 70 sevens, who do you think that, who do you think that's from? That wasn't for Tyron Smith. That was for Luca. What the hell are you talking about? You talking about that guy? That was a five time first team all NBA selection, an all star rookie of the year. He was a a a a an MVP candidate every year. What do you mean you didn't know what he meant to that base? He was homegrown like a Kobe, like the LeBron. Hey, I mean, so what if, if pre were to trade, say, You know what we gonna trade sha what do you think KC gonna do A fool.


Exactly bro, come on, hold On. You don't Think, you don't think ne doing this on purpose or somebody's having him do this on purpose. The fact that all this is back to back. I mean, are they trying to distract us for something else? No, You know, good and goddamn well what he meant to the team. That's, it's your job to actually know the importance of certain players, especially players of that goddamn caliber. So coming out and saying something this asinine and saying something, this asinine is what you said last week and you're probably gonna do the same thing now. This is, it is a constant pattern of it going on over and over and over. Obviously we know you got, we know you're being nailed to the cross for the decision of the owners. That's your job. You gotta take that bullet. Okay, we get it. But coming out saying things like this now, come on now, but see like, like come on, come on now check this Out.


Patrick Duma is reportedly frustrated with Nico Harrison for not warning him how the fan base would react to Luca trade. Luca is the biggest thing in Dallas. What do you mean you only, so you see what happens when you buy something and you don't know what you have. You see he bought a team, this, his mom, my mother-in-law purchased a team and she, they have no idea what they have with you. It's like I buy a store but I don't know what in the store. So what am I selling? And I say, You know what, I'm gonna discontinue my number one selling item. Why didn't you tell me? That was my number one selling item. You bought the damn store. You shoulda known. However, those team sources consistently express belief that Dumont no longer sees Harrison as a figure with Irreproachable basketball expertise.


Most notably team and league sources say Dumont has had frustration with Harrison not warning him, or perhaps even more Damningly being unaware of the fandom outrage following the trade. Those same sources said same influence over Dumas decision to make Harrison appear last week. Closed media event, which Harrison did not want to do. You see what I'm saying? The owner, you see what I'm saying? Don't you owner makes the decision. Why didn't you tell me? Why ain't you tell me the fans was gonna be upset about me trading the most popular player? Who, why didn't you tell me that I got rid of the best player in Dallas Maverick history? I know Dirk Naski won a championship, but Mark Cuban said it.


Dirk can't see. Can't see. Luca, you traded it. You are supposed to know that normally when you buy a business, you, you supposed to know how to run it right. Ocho right Joe? Yeah, yeah. Joe, what, what do you think about this? What, what's going on? Yeah, Luca is a global icon. Hey, Nico's a good guy, bro, but I know he gotta, You know, he gotta take the fall on this one. You know, he made that decision. Look, the owners, they ain't gonna take the fault. They gonna blame it on Nico. Yeah. That's why got's about to do that. Take the fault. But he's, he's got up there publicly and, and took the, and took the fault himself, You know, saying that, You know, he's the one, he didn't discuss it with the coaches and things of that sort. But man, you gotta know how much Luca means to Dallas, man.


Everybody knows. I mean, come on man. This, this is a global icon. This ain't just, You know what I mean? Yes, yes. Hey, hey, Think you let Chicago, you let craft say, You know what? I think we gonna trade Michael Jordan. Well, I didn't know Chicago, I didn't know, I didn't know Chicago was that rabid of, I didn't know they loved the man that much. Yeah, really? Luka don, he just led you so you gonna trade the guy that just led you to the NBA finals last year. Yeah. A guy that was 25 at the time you traded him and you had no idea that the fans would be upset.


Ocho Yeah. What do you think would happen if the Ravens traded Lamar Jackson, Jackson Jackson or Kansas City traded Patrick Mahome. Patrick Mahome about, and, and the GM said, well, hey, and the ownership said GM. Like, well I didn't know, I didn't know Kansas City Candy about this man this much. Well, it, it, it is, it's kind of common sense too, right? Huh? They should have known if you, if you're the owners, most of the time, let's say you're not paying attention to the team, let's say you don't understand the importance of said player in Luca Dantes, but I know you understand the importance of money, you understand the importance of your bottom line and what matters at the end of the day, and I know you understand that number 77 is the driving force of revenue coming through.


I bet you understand that. So why would you, how would you not know, let's say if you didn't understand basketball, just say you was only about business and making money at the end of the day, You know, not to get rid of him. Now you got Nico Collins look like looking like a fool. Nico Harrison falling on the goddamn sword. Matter of fact to the point I think they forced him to do it. 'cause he's saying such ridiculous stuff about them not knowing Yeah. That they using this as the PLO to be able to fire him on the back end. Yeah. Look And he take the whole brunt of the issue. Man, listen, I I I feel bad for Nico in this situation because you, you got him no better than that man. He, You know, I understand.


You know, maybe, maybe they know something that we don't know. Uncle Ocho, they around him every day, You know, they come to work every day. Maybe they ain't like some less habits that he had and they ain't thinking thinking no, seriously they was thinking long term like Right. Hey, this summer coming up man, we gotta come off about three something, 3 45 to be exact. Three four to keep around. Yo Joe, talk to me Joe, what's that bad? What's that bad Joe that Lu can be doing What? We don't wanna invest 3,340 5 million in something like that. Where, where you understand the product you getting long-term on the court.


What's that bad, Joe? Come on now. We ain't talking about No, no, no, not going to jail. You know, not, not, not not having to worry about anything concerning the nightlife of Luca Hookah really Beer. It's been really, it's also been reported that the nuggets are gonna offer Nicole Yoic three years, 217 million. So he's not gonna take the, he's not gonna take the man, You know, yo kids going to take that three years, 217 million from the Nugget and that's the max he can get. Yes. Oh yeah. Yeah. 70 million a year. So they was like, we give, look at his money, it was gonna be five years, 3 45.


So when his contract up, Luca's gonna be 31. He gonna be in line to get four going get another five year, four 50, maybe even 500 at that point in time. Because this new contract, this new Amazon ESPN and I think who else NBC played s 77 billion would be. But here's the thing, if I, if I'm Nico Harrison, I tell my owner I'll trade him. But we're gonna get a tremendous backlash because Luca is our, is our best player. He's our most important player, he's our most beloved player. I said, I'll do whatever you ask me to do. I'll do whatever you tell me to do, but I just want you to know what comes along with trading it.


Now, hey, you might, the, the habits that people keep saying about he likes hookah, he's drinking, whatever the case may be, I will trade it at your, at your request. But I just want you to understand this is gonna be met with huge opposition by the fan base. So I want you to think about it for a day or two before I make any calls because this is not going to go over well. He comes back, Trey Luca, I'm not giving him 3 45, blah blah blah. We're not making enough money to, are you sure?


Once he said, Hey, at a certain point in time when hey, when the commander give you that kill switch, you gotta go follow through with it. Ocho Joe, You know that you, once they say, hey, once he, hey have the target site right. Ain't nothing, ain't, ain't no turn it back. That's why, Hey listen, that's, that's why I say the S got cheated man because they weren't thinking Kyrie was gonna be hurt at this point. They wouldn't know about being no play team, You know, no be a top five, six seed like they was going. They was gonna get some team some problems and without Kyrie who was probably a, not probably, but it was a major piece to what we're trying to do because we lacked what?


Rent protection or, or the inside presence. Bro, you got lively, you got Gifford, you got Powell, you those guys. Think about it, you got all the way to the NBA finals last year and you didn't have Anthony Davis, right? You just ran into a better team. They were deeper than what you were. You had Tatum, you had Brown, you had white, you had Pius for a couple of games. Al Horford played, well you had holiday, you had guys coming in and Contribu to Peyton Pri, Sam Hauser, you got that? That's where Celtics beat you. They're a deep team. Look at yesterday, that game. Tatum nor Brown played well. Derrick White was sensational.


Peyton pitch is gonna probably be six men of the year. That's how you win a championship because when your big guns aren't fired, it's the small artillery that gets it done. Yeah, I'm gonna go to my boss. I'm gonna say I will do what you ask me to do, but I just want you to know, I don't Think you understand sports is a way of life in Texas. They're not the, we're not the Cowboys now. We're not. But just know there's gonna be huge resentment if we follow through with this. Are you okay with this, sir? Okay.


Hey, yeah man. What's going on? Hey, what's up? The GM for the Lakers? Rob. Rob Pika. Hey Rob. What you doing man? I ain't doing nothing man. Hey, just chilling. Hey, what you think about, would you be really trading me ad for Luca? I gotta play it all. Yeah, yeah. Ain't for Luca. I don't know. I don't know about that one now come on now. Because we don't want a championship with ad. I mean, he's a guy that give you 24 and 10, 24 and 11 going block shots. He should have been defensive player of the year. All the while. I'm like, he gone. I thought, no. Are you sure? Dco, are you sure? I want you to think about this.


I want you to think about I'm on the other end of the happy. I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to run this up the flagpole. I'm gonna need to talk to Jeanie about this. Ooh, we about, Hey Joe, we about to get there. We about to get there. Let lemme call you. Hey, let me call you back, Jeanie. I got me a fish. What you mean? What you mean Rob? Did You know Nico? Harrison just called me and asked me will we trade ad for Luca plus plus a player that's not named LeBron Austin Reeves. Are you kidding me? In that first round draft pick in 2028.


I hope you told him. Yeah. I was like, nah, I'm just, I'm pretending like I'm not interested, You know. Hey, hey Nico. So what's, what up? What's up? Are you serious? I already got, I already got, I already got the trade going up. Hey, hey, ad Max Krispy, max Christie, first round draft bitch. Listen, listen, Nico never thinking about getting that post presence so they can create that mismatch with RIE and AD and that pickup roll. That had to be what they was thinking about because the, my turn your turn with him and Luca. Yeah, it got him to the finals, but Boston just too tough for him.


Man. They had too much. Yeah. Hell, Boston's gonna be too tough for Kyrie and Ad because they got Pingus to throw at him. They got Al Horford to throw at him. They got another big body. Now what you gonna do with jt? What you gonna do with jv? Jaylen do a, what you gonna do with Derrick White? What you gonna do with holiday? What you gonna do with Prichard Hauser? They got so many ways to attack you. Yes. You only got so much. It's not like, it's not like the, the Mavericks are breath, breath of talent. They're not Right. They got good role players. Right. I mean Gafford is a, is a okay, is a great role player. Lively. They do their job, but they don't have what the Celtics have.


That's what makes the Celtics so tough. They got JB and JT can give you 30 40 in a given game. Okay. Right. They're off now you get Pingus or Derek White or you get Prichard or you get Big Al Harford. Yes. So this doesn't make sense to me because it's still a two man team with not a whole lot of depth. Right. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they gotta figure it out man. Well, they ain't got no choice now. Yeah. They gotta figure out what they gonna do this summer. Charles Barclay sends a message to Nico, says, I consider you my, I see you, I consider you a friend of mine.


Don't do no more press conferences. I don't even know what you're doing. I got sympathy and love for you, but I have zero idea what you're trying to do. That's his owner sending him out there to fall on the sword in front of everybody. Everybody knows that Nico Harrison didn't initiate this trade. Everybody knows that A trade of this bag of truth that going to the owner. Yeah. Yeah. That ain't, that ain't no trade to a, that ain't no a for some draft picks and some cash. That's your franchise Cornerstone. Yeah. And you're trading him away before he turns 26. That's ownership because Yeah, but the owners are saying, Nico, you ain't the one that's gotta shell out 345 billion guaranteed in the state of Texas with no state income tax.


Hold on. They think they think they slick though. Huh? You don't think ownership think they slick? Not only are they sending Nico out there to fall on the sword, they sending them out there saying ridiculous things. Well, you see, so I I really, I really think it's a ploy. I think it's a ploy honestly, to fire 'em on the back end and to get the fans of Dallas off they head and really put the whole thing and on it. So him by firing Nico laid on down the line. Because here's the thing, the source, the league, my most notably team in league sources say Mont has had frustration with Harrison not warning him, or perhaps even more Damningly being unaware of the fandoms outrage following the trade.


You see all Nico Harrison is doing his coin. What the, what Ownership saying Nico knew. Yeah. He's been in this position too long on Joe. He's been he's been around it. He's been at Nike. Yeah. He's Been too long for him not to know. So I've got to go out there and parrot what ownership is saying behind closed doors. That's why he keeps having cro. Remember he had a a, a press conference with no cameras and he said Defense win championships. I ain't trading no Luca. I don't, I, the, the, the defensive player, I get better be Bill Russell rest his soul.


He better be Bill Russell in his pride or ake Elijah one or somebody like that. But I'm not getting, come on man. A 26-year-old averaging 28 and eight a game. Yeah. Averaging 31 in the postseason. No, I'm not giving that up. And like I said, You know, he had to send him out there on that mission. Basically a suicide mission to take all that because anytime what they say in the military ocho, they have what they call a be a blast radius. Oh yeah. Okay. If we drop this here, what's the collateral damage? What's the blast radius? What is our time to that? We need to get up. Yeah, get up out of there because you knew this, this fallout is gonna be like Cher and when that, that react went off in Russia and it destroyed everything for a long, long period of time.


Yeah, that's what this is. They ain't getting over this anytime soon. They ain't getting over this. I mean, it took Boston 80 years to get over, what, 80 years to get over that when they traded Babe Ruth. We'll see they ain't getting over this anytime soon. Listen, it ain't another Luca walking through that door. No. And I think he, he got about another 10, maybe 12 years to play. So they gonna feel the wrath of this tree for a very long time. As long as he is a Laker


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the post-season And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. Jay Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, look, JJ Reddick said today was the Best Practice we've had in months as LA prepared for game two. He admitted that the, that had the Lakers approach, the off days leading up to the playoffs with the same vigor. Then maybe we wouldn't have appeared as flat as we did in Saturdays. 22 point loss. We probably could have done a few more, a few more scrimmages. Joe, do the Lakers rebound and tie it up at one one, go to Minnesota or does Minnesota take a commanding two oh lead. Sorry to tell you brother, but I Oh, it is over. I ain't saying it's over man. I don't know what but my gut feeling.


Yeah, a a hey take a probiotic that gut you, you feel better. Hey, hey, hey, I got the Timber Wars trying to be greedy in game two. Knowing what's at stake, knowing that they can, You know, come out and just put, put their will to the test and try and get this dub and go back to Minnesota. Man, hopefully they don't come back to LA now. I know, You know, Aren going LA to come out and You know they gonna need that third score. We need Austin Reeds to, You know, give him a spark, man. They need some. I think Edman has playing pretty good defense on him fighting over picks like I think Ed Man is doing on both ends.


I know he didn't, he didn't explode offensively, but defensively he's been great. And obviously the guys around him, the others, like we always say if those guys chip in McDaniels and re and they play the way they playing now, I don't know if they gonna shoot like that in game one, but I don't know if that man gonna do. That's the thing. Do you believe they gonna make 19? You believe they gonna make 9, 20, 20 plus threes? They may not, but I don't think that man gonna handle no 17 points neither. That's okay. I I, I I'll give and 40. As long as they don't make 23 threes 'cause he can't beat us with 40. It's the 23 threes that's gonna crush it. Hey look, Lakers gonna have to step up man, and protect, protect home. You know, you, you gonna need LeBron to come out and be aggressive.


So what if Luke could catch high? You need to catch high with him. But You know the thing. Oh Joe, You know the thing is player, get hot. What you do, you feeding the ball. You get out his way, way the ball until he miss a couple and then you try to get in a rhythm. Yeah, but into the meantime because when Luca catch fire, he catch fire. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he li to go for 20 at a quarter like that. It's fun and you don't want, you don't want to get in his way. Go ahead Joe. I said yeah, it's fun to watch when he gets, when he get it going, but You know, LeBron has a tendency to do that. You know, if even if AR gets off to a great start, he'll make sure ar get his touches in that first quarter and he gotta find a way to get others, others going and get himself going in order for them to be effective in this series.


Look, the Tempo Wars are young man, they gonna be flying around the McMain. Yeah. The the res and man, like those guys gonna fly around, play hard cause havoc. The di Vincenzo, I like the make up of that team, man. They're ready for the postseason. Like I say a ar and man, he done took some guys out man. He done took a few. He he really good about himself. You know he want, he, he won that Luca and LeBron Pel on his wall. Like he got that KD Pel? Yes. Like he got that Nico Yo's. Pel, yes sir. Yeah, that that'd be big. Yeah. But I think the thing is we get this game. The, the Lakers get this game here. When is the next game You say you think No, I've said the Lakers get this game here, they're gonna have two, three days off because you gotta travel with the next game Thursday or Friday.


They gotta win in game two, Game two A. You gotta, you gotta win game two first. Huh? Think about that Joe. We had two days off win. That one got two more days off. Oh people truck. Hold on. Hold we went three You, you skipping. You gotta win game two first. Got it. Oh, you gotta win game two first. Got it. Got you. Sure. What you sure Is there Echo in here. I'm I'm just asking because hold on now listen, in order for you to win game two now I'm not Listen, I'm, I'm listen, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't the bookie. I don't bet now I don't gamble but LeBron had to come out and be, oh You know what I need to get right first.


I need to get right first. My approach to this game, my approach to game too can't be like the last one. I can't sit around and facilitate. I got to have that killer mentality. He has that a little bit, but he has to come out this game and have it early. I I expect He gotta set the tone. I expect he gotta set the intensity. I expect him to have it. Okay. Okay. I'm just, I'm just making sure now because I would love, I would, I would love, I would love to see Leg in five But What I saw game one but it ain't looking good. But JJ we probably could have done a few more scrimmages. That's on you. You the coach, you set the itinerary, you set the practice schedule, rhythm and timing.


Exactly. Eure up for that. Exactly. Ball play that and it's the playoffs. I mean even if, even if I don't tell you Joe, You know what it is. Yeah. You know the intensity turns up everybody's, everybody on this roster with the Exceptional Connect has been in the playoffs. Okay. The young guys, they don't owe but LeBron Luca, ar Finn Smith, Vanderbilt, Jackson, Hayes, all those guys have been in the playoffs. They know Gabe Vincent, they know what's at stake. So it is your job to pull the young guys along and let them know what's at stake. The intensity. You're not gonna get those ticky tack fo calls like you would in the regular season.


They're gonna let you play. Yep. So be prepared. The 2025 NBA awards finalists were announced. MVP, Nicola Yoki, Shea, Gil gis, Alexander Giannis, Kupo, defensive Player of the Year. Dyson Daniels, Draymond Green, Evan Mobley, rookie of the Year. Stefan Castle, Zachary Rich Jalen Wales sixth Man of the Year. Malik Beasley, Beasley, Ty Jerome and Peyton Prichard. Alright Joe. Who you got? MVPI got Shay. I got Shay's defense. Go ahead. Defensive player of the year and I run him off again.


Defensive players. Dyson Daniels, Haws, Draymond, green Warriors, Evan Mobley, Cavaliers. I got Dyson Daniels. Okay. Rookie of the Year. Castle San Antonio, hir Atlanta. Jalen Wales. I think he plays at Memphis. I got, I got Castle. Castle been, he was pretty consistent this year. Love. I agree. He the player sixth band of the year. Malik Beasley, Detroit. Ty, Jerome Cavaliers. Peyton Pritchard Celtics. I'm going Peyton Pritchard. I'm going Peyton going Peyton pri. I can see that.


Yeah, he is been consistent and You know when it, when it's his time to shine or when this moment You know comes, he always shows up. So I'm going paper pictures. Who you like Ocho, Gimme, gimme, gimme give, give him my categories of my name. Man. MVP, Nico Nicola Yoic. Oh oh SGA. Okay, you can stop there. S-C-A-S-C-A. That's MVP. It's been MVP for a long time, but go ahead. Defensive player of the year. You got Daniels Draymond Green or Evan Mobley? Ooh Daniel. Rookie of the year. Castle Rashir. Jalen Wales. Castle. Young boy. Young Boy. Young Manley, Jerome, Payton Prichard.


Oh pri pri most improved player. Joe Kade Cunningham. He beats OTs Dyson Daniels. That's tough. I'm going Kade. I think they won how many games they won 16 last year. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. First of all they were Nash, you the number one overall pick. You should be in eligible for this reward. It should go to, it should go to Zbox. He had, did he coach? He had to high score average? No, I think, I think, I think Zbox average. A double, double career high in points and rebounds. Mm. Okay.


Coach of the year you got Kenny Atkinson, JB Bicker staff. I mate Udo I'm going go, I'm gonna kick I make You going. They gonna go Atkinson, but I think Ido. Yeah. To, to to beat the Succeed after winning after winning like 50 16 game last year. Yeah. Clutch Flair. Nico Yoic. Jalen Brunson a man. You said Clutch Fla. Yep. Jalen Brunson. Who else? Yoic A man. Aman. Damn, that's a good one.


Big Body. Brunson boy Ain Body Brunson man. Hey listen, I'm not gonna lie to y'all. He scared me down the streets when they playing Detroit or just any game, You know what I mean? Because he gonna make a play. He gonna either get foul or he gonna score it. I'm going to be Body Brunson man. I like that. That call that time out nigga. Ready down the baseline. He went and got that three pointer. Yeah. And I said that was a good call tell out of a timeout. Yeah. Great. A great, are there any surprises? Are there anybody that you think should have been on that got left off? Nah. No, I don't think so.


Who you got? Ocho? Clutch Flare. Yoic Brunson, Edward Edwards. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm going, I'm going with Jayden every time and I, I I think Jaylen's been in more clut situations to show why he's clutch not, I'm not saying Ant Man isn't, I'm not saying Joker isn't. I'm just saying he's been in more situations to be able to display that Clutch. Gene Coach of the Year got Kenny Atkinson, JB Bicker staff. I make U Udo I made you What you talking about? Them boy was sorry last year it wasn't nothing to watch. No disrespect. Hey that boy Jalen Green nice though. Huh? I couldn't tell he been, he hadn't played well the last couple games Ocho last five, six games.


He had been, he'd been banned. Hey. Right, right. They lost game one two, aren't you? It's gonna be hard man. Playing against got championship pedigree over there. Hey them boys balling man. And that's, I see. And what, and that's what really concerned me about the Rockets, Joe, is that they don't have a ball that a guy that can give the ball to. Yeah, they got a, they got a collective group of guys. Right. But if you think about it, everybody for the most part got a guy you can hand the ball to and he go get your bucket. Yeah. They're the only team. Don't even if you look at the, you look at the Thunderer, they got shade. If you look at Memphis, they got Ja, the Lakers got two or three guys. Yeah. You look at everybody that's in the West, they got a guy, Steph Curry, Jimmy Butler.


Yeah. Everybody, every team has a guy. You can handle the ball and you can go get your bucket. Hey, this Rockets don't have that. Nope. This is what the playoffs about too. Like I tell you, we know you plays, we know what you running. We switching everything and now you gotta get a bucket. And you're right. The Rockets hadn't had anybody who can efficiently, You know, be reliable to where down the stretch we like, okay, we can get a bucket or a five. We give 'em the ball and You know, You know what the Warriors got Steph? Yeah. But let's, you got amazing Avon is Star in his role. Them other guys, the Moody's, those other guys are playing well too. They, they guarding, they're defending and they're playing, they're playing like, You know, this is it man.


They know. Game one is always like the best game in the get easy to deal. Made a statement earlier, made a statement earlier. Yeah. Joe, many think Trey was ice, Trey was snubbed coach called Clutch player. He buried three game-winning shots the most by any player in the NBA this season. The final ten second sports quarter overtime he owned it plus 34 in clutch games this season. You right. I forgot about Ice Trey. He done spec, but he, but here's the thing. Everybody else team in the playoffs, I know him. That's the only thing outside of that. Look, hold up. Oh, we were fighting the Hawks. We were fighting early in the year. We get Jalen, Jalen, Jalen Johnson go down and Ja and it just kind of took our hopes away.


He was there. He, he was, he was Mr. Doit, Mr. Everything. Yeah. Walking double, double. And at the time, I think we were in the playoffs before he got hurt and we playing good basketball. So I'm looking for my Hawks man to get healthy. You know, we got a lot of young guys who gained a lot, who gained some great experience, You know, playing that play end game and understanding the magnitude of what playoff basketball is like. Man, we just gotta stay healthy, come back next year and, and have, have a, have a memorable season. But hopefully we can keep Trey around. Man. I've been hearing a lot of rumors, but I wanna be you out Great. Around, Hey, I enjoy, I got a question for you, Joe. Speaking of that playing game. Yeah. Y'all played again and some of those players getting some playoff experience.


Who y'all lost to Again? Man, we lost to the heat ocho. Oh, okay. Okay. I I did, I just wanted to check. I just wanna make sure you understood and remember that's All. Yeah, we, Hey Ocho, we got two, we got two of our starters out big. What? My big center name. I, we got Jay. Oh, clin Clint Capella was out. Clin Capella been out. He been out. Clint been out for a minute. So Ocho y'all had, y'all had y'all Weight man, y'all had y'all father, You know. Congrats. Wait, wait, wait. Hold, hold on now, now, now. Mind you, now mind you Jimmy Butler, we're gone, right? Yeah. Jimmy be Dollar. So, so collectively as a team, I'm not, we don't have a guy you can actually go to. We have Bam, we got Tyler Hero, you got Tyler Hero.


I'm talking about that guy. I'm talking about that guy. So you putting Tyler Hero in the same conversations with your Aunt Mans and your, and your and your Steph Currys. Okay, we got to go to him. Yeah. God, that's your guy now. Oh, you Oh, oh, oh, okay. Okay. That's what we doing. Is that what we doing? Yeah, but that, but that's y'all guy. No, I'm not saying he's the equivalent of those guys, but he that me, that that's, that's not that team. Okay. That's, that's how I understand that. But Jimmy Butler was that guy before you, you get, you get what I'm saying? Yeah. So you lose the guy and then someone else didn't just become the guy because if you, that guy, you, that guy, regardless of who's around you,


The Volume, The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason and How teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family, who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Michael Casson, and on good company, we're talking to the rule breakers, trendsetters and visionaries, shaking up media, marketing, entertainment and technology. In this episode, I sit down with Hollywood legend, Jeffrey Katzenberg. I'm really excited about the new tools for filmmakers. I think that they are going to democratize great storytelling. Listen to the new season of good companies starting April 23rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.