
Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This Is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


The Volume, TD Teddy taking it to the house.


Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. Drafting customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, so with with Quinn ERs out for the second consecutive game, Arch Manning with 26 to 31 who threw the air in the second start of his career as the Longhorn beat Mississippi State 35 13 for their first conference game as an SEC member. Texas was favored by more than five touchdowns, the kickoff, but struggled to get going against the bulldog. But a 49 yard touchdown pass from Manning to Deandre Moore, Jr. And excuse me, in the final minutes of the first half. And a 75 yard touchdown drive Manning finished off with his leg in the third quarter to create some separation for the number one team in the country. Hey, guess what Texas plays next week.


They play OU in the Red River rivalry. I got it in two weeks. So they got a bye week. They're off it next week. Okay. Okay. So the the following week. So after the bye week, they got the red After the bye week. Yep, yep, yep. So I, so does that mean, now this is a good question. Will Quinn errors be back huge for that game? Or will Arch Manning be playing and if, if Arch Manning is playing, do you trust him to get the job done against OU based on how he's played the past two weeks? Or he's playing unbelievable. He's playing unbelievable. Look, I don't un I don't know how it works in college.


Arch is playing really well, but the question is, and I've always said this and this way, I look at it when people say, well, you can't lose your job to injury. Yeah, you can because if the guy, if you get injured and the guy comes in and he's playing better than you before you got injured, that's his job now. Oh yeah. So the question is, is Arch Manning playing better than when ERs was before he got hurt ocho? Hmm. That's a good question. No, that's a hard, that's a hard decision too. It's Especially for the coaches. Yeah. Especially for the coaches. I mean, listen, I I think you really can't go, you can't go wrong either way.


I think Quinn is a, he's a senior, isn't he? Quin is, yes. And he came back and, you know, that would greatly, greatly impact this draft stop. Right, right. If he's not the Exactly. That's why I think when he does come back and he's healthy, I think they will put him back in simply because he is a senior. Hell look little brother Manning going. He he gonna be here. He gonna be here for another, another year maybe too. So let Quinn finish his year out and so it doesn't mess up in draft stock. But I'm excited, I'm excited now that you've explained it to me. I have a better understanding on these atmospheres that, that I, I would love to go to one of these so I can experience it. But that red round, is it That Cotton Bowl is that Jerry world?


Probably at Jerry's, because Normally j it's normally at the Cotton Bowl because Arkansas and Texas a and m played at Jerry World's today. But, you know, Jerry went to Arkansas, so Yeah, yeah, yeah. It is at the Cotton Bowl. And that's where they have the Texas State Fair Ocho. You have, they fry butter, they fry Snickers, they fry Twinkies, they fry everything. Listen, My daughter, my daughter hit me. She was there, she was at the Texas Fair, you know, she had pv so I I guess they drove down or something. They must have drove down there. But I mean, hey man, that, that's dope, man. I can't, I mean, it be, It, it, it, it'd be great for us to attend something like that show. But if we were to, but here's the thing that would, that would have to be our show during the course of the course of the day because we couldn't do the show to have, you know, doing the, you know, doing that and then turn around and, and do the show.


Why we can't Well I do the first part. You and Ra and you and somebody take over the second part. Yeah. Real, real rere in re in the chat. What's up, what, what they do, baby, how you doing, what they do Twin. Yeah. Whatever, whatever they be doing on, on tv, whatever that is. That, that right there. Hearts, hearts, hearts. Yeah. It's, I mean it is a very difficult decision. Somebody was in the chat say, well, Alex Smith and, and Kap took over the question I asked. Simple question. Yeah. Was Kap, when Kap got in, was he playing better than Alex Smith before Alex Smith got hurt? And he was so it was an easy decision Was he Was the same thing.


Tom Brady was playing better because remember the first year Drew Bledso started, they were five and 11 and they didn't start off on the best turn, the best second season. So tar comes in. It was an easy decision for Coach Belichick because he was playing better than Drew bled. So before Drew got hurt, Imagine what if Drew dinger get hurt? I wonder how that story would've gone. There's a chance we not, the question is, because you gotta realize like two years earlier, drew has signed the most expensive co contract in NFL history, over a hundred million dollars. That Was, yeah. Do you bench a hundred million dollar quarterback for a six round draft pick?


Now anybody could have, I mean, I don't know if Coach Belichick could've done it because he was on thin ice his damn self. So, you know, think about it. You, you go five and 11, you didn't start get off to the best start. Are you go, are you gonna pull him? There's a great chance if it doesn't get turned around, he is going, he might not be able to finish out the season. Shoot Tom, save Tom, save everybody's job. Tom saved a franchise. He saved Bill job. No, he got a lot of guy, he got a lot of guys that head coaching jobs that probably should have never been head coaches. Oh Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Everybody, everybody that came from that Belichick tree, they got opportunity. That's great. Players do that.


Same thing with fav. Look at the, look at all the guys that got jobs that that touch. Brett Falls, Ray Lewis, look at all the defensive coordinators that got head coaching jobs that hey, Marvin got a head job. Jack Del Rio got a head job. Mike Smith got a head job. Hold up. Rex Ryan got a head job. Mike Nolan got a head job. Rex brother name with the long hair. Rob. Rob. Yeah. Rob Ryan. Rob Ryan. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I mean, who else got five? So five guys got head job that they, they coached Ray, they were dcs or their position coaches with rail.


With rail to take five guys got head job Coach Bella. Look at Tom Brady. Charlie White got a head job. Romeo Cordell got a head job. Josh McDaniel got a head job. Romeo Kne got a head job. What's the guy, the guy that Joe Judge, hell he coach special team. He just happened to be, he might have been Tom Brady's neighbor. Right. That got a damn head job To go do that. Huh? Look at Brett. Funny, funny how that work, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Steve Martin uci, Andy Reese, John Gruden. Yeah.


Dick Geron, all, all the, all those guys was on that staff where Brett was in Green Bay, the great players. Hey. But it was, it was, it was. It's tough. That's a tough decision that Sarks are gonna have to make. Yeah. I believe he, I believe he goes back to yours if yours is healthy. I don't, I don't think it's that tough though, on simply because of yours being a se yours being a senior. I don't, I He came back that tough. He came back to increase his draft stock ocho. Yeah, that's, that's why I said it's the easy Decision. Oh, oh, okay, okay, okay. Put man, that's it's easy decision.


Gotcha. My man. Oh yeah. Ray, Ray Rose. Ray Ray was with me and Deborah. Ray, Bob. Anybody that had any affiliation with with Brady and Ray, Barb got jobs. Oh yeah. Hell, the mailman got a job, but he in college came ahead, head coach at college Kentucky pulls off a shocking upset after almost upsetting Georgia last week. This week they complete the task. They upset number five ole Miss after losing by 25 points to South Carolina, losing 1312 to Georgia in two weeks, Kentucky pulled off one of the most shocking upsets in the opening month, trailing 1713 with about five minutes to left, left Wildcats went on a 83 yard six play drive to take the lead.


Mm. And then made a big defensive stand to force the rebels into a field goal on 48 yard field goal. That is. And they missed it with under a minute to go with Vanderbilt, Florida. Auburn up next Kentucky could find themselves in the ne a top 25 before hosting the balls in October. Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, hold on, hold on. Con damn miss. Oh, they were number five, man. They had Georgia, remember they didn't go forward on fourth down. They had Georgia beat. They coulda beat Georgia. That's Right. Yes. So you think, you think And Georgia's just that bad this year.


Look, they getting up to, they getting up to slow starts and you know, you can't keep spotting teams. I mean think about it. They spotted, they spotted it. They spotted Alabama 28 and and came back. It just goes to show you just how good they are. Right, right, right, right. I mean, I don't think there's a whole lot of teams that could spot Alabama 28 and come back to take the lead with under two minutes to, with under three, four minutes to go in the ball game. I got a question though. Yes. Oh, Matt, Patricia got a head job too. Yeah. Oh that's right man. Maddy was with Detroit. Yep. Good and terrible. And you think, you think as a quarterback play in Georgia, you think it's bad?


I think, I think he's good. I think if Shado Sanders was in Georgia, they would move the game. That'd be mad. He's, it's hard to evaluate a guy when he is surrounded by such great talent. Right. And I think that was the hardest thing, one of the hardest evals on Joe Burrow. Right. Because Joe Burrow had like a fourth or fifth ground grade and then the next year he, he hit, puts up these historic numbers. Right. And he is like, well damn. He got Chase, he got Jefferson. Yeah. He got the best offensive line in football. He got Clyde Edward a lair, he had Thad Moss who was a very good tight end. He had Marsh Ter, I think Terrence Marshall.


So it was hard. Now he's shown that the Evalue looked at him and he says, okay, blah blah blah. He's proven that. Yeah. He was worthy of that pick. Right. But it's hard ocho when you have a guy and he's surrounded by four and five stars. Yeah. Because he ain't gotta do a whole lot. You gotta do a whole lot. Think about it. If you don't turn the ball, think about it. If he don't turn the ball over four times, Ocho, he ain't nobody else. He Right. Three picks of the fumble. Dang.


Dang. I know one thing. Go ahead Bengals. We going to the playoffs. I just wanna throw that out there. Even though we owning three. I just wanna throw that out there. Okay. Oh yeah. Ocho College football had another wild and exciting but controversial finish Friday night there was a seventh ranked Miami hurricanes escaped with a 38 34 victory would went over rival Virginia Tech. It ended with the officials reversing a call on the field. They ruled a touchdown catch on a Hail Mary in the back of the end zone.


The a CC later released a statement to reporters nearly two hours after the game to clarify the decision making process during the review of the process of the last play, it was determined the loose ball was touched by a Miami player while out of bounds, which makes it an incomplete pass immediately and ends the play. But what were the referees looking at? Because why would the call reversed after six minutes of deliberation? Right. That should have been easily, the Miami player was laying on the ground and out bounds. He touched the ball. Its incomplete. What was the, where was the indisputable evidence right When you saw it? What'd you think it was? I thought it was, I thought he caught it.


What'd you think? I mean, I, I I honestly, I I I thought he, I thought he caught it too. I did. I did. Yeah. I I I thought I thought it as well. So I mean they, they reversed it and I'm assuming they reversed it. Is it because the Miami player was out of bounds? Half half was, half of 'em was in inbounds, the other half was out. They said he was out bounds and he touched the ball. Right. So if he touched the ball, any, any part of it's, it's incomplete. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. But that's not what they're saying. No, no, no, no, no. They, they, they gave a different, they gave a different explanation. They sure did. And they, they reversed the call on the field. O Joe.


Oh, Joe Brandon. Aiyuk. They were saying he threw a PA tantrum. Right. But he and Kyle Shanahan had a healthy conversation. Okay. When Kyle told him to change his shorts and switch black to black IU eventually did after talking with Shanahan. But as you can see, he did so reluctantly. Let's take a look at the video. Ocho. Yeah. Let's look At, let see that. Let me see that. Lemme see this. Lemme see this. Lemme see this. I like, I like the red There. No, there's no, huh? I like the red on red. He trying to match. Nah, not when everybody else got on black. What you notice Ocho Everybody else got on black.


Yeah. That inch was never gonna fly. This ain't no old tournament team. This ain't the Pro Bowl where you wear your own helmet. This said nah, this, this ain't not what that is. I mean, but, but I don't get the reluctance Ocho you don't, you look down at yourself like damn, I'm the only one that got on maroon. Everybody else got on black and you thought you thought that was gonna be okay. And I saw people in the comments talking about, oh, is that why they're losing y'all? Don't, I could tell y'all never been a part of anything that explains it. I mean, yeah, I mean it's it's a little, it's a little nitpicky, but I understand what you're talking about. 'cause I, I've been a part of that. I've been, I've been a part of that structured environment where you, where you, you gotta, you know, dress the same, wear the same thing.


Everybody, it's a Team sport or I thought it was a team One, band one sound. I, I, I I understand. I understand. But if they were winning, if they was three and oh, if they was 4.0 man Shannon ha wouldn't care about them. Goddamn shots. Bull jive. Listen, if you six, if six, could you do that in New England? If you could do that in New England. If you six and oh, could you come out there in different, Hey, hey. Can I say something real quick about the ring arm? Yeah. Hey, you know the, what you call, Hey, hey chat. Listen to me real quick. Lemme tell you something about Bill Belichick in New England. If you ever played football at any level, you know in the equipment room where they have the, the mannequin on how you're supposed to dress? Yeah.


You got the thigh pad and the knee pads. You Got your So bad you had to test like that for practice. Man, bill ain't play that. You had to having thigh pads, you had to have knee pads, you had to have your hip pads. Man, bill was tripping. Now, game day you could do what you wanna do. Man, bill had me out there. Like I, I was at Liberty City. Optimum had every pad, every pad, padding. It was so funny. And you had to have every padding or he sent you back in. He he sent you back in. Mike. Mike was however you play in the game, that's how you could dress for practice. Oh For real? Yes. Oh no, he Hey Bill ain't play that boy. Oh no, Because you, we were one of the first team I got it from Ricky Jackson.


Ricky Jackson was the first person I ever saw that had no thigh pads, no knee pads, no pads. Ricky, Ricky pads were clean. Right, right, right. And I was like, Man, Ricky Jack did it and I will do it. So we started myself and Ed and then because we cut all the, we cut the lining out and everything had holes all in the side. And then they started sending 'em to professional tailors. And that's why they looked like they was spandex. That's why they looked so smooth. Right. Because we ended up sending 'em to the tailor and they doctored him like that. But ain't no way in hell, you are not coming out there. If, if Mike said we gonna have on this, everybody is a team sport.


Yeah. You gonna have on that. I don't give a damn if you John Elway, I don't care if you td it didn't matter if Mike say we coming out there in blue shorts. Alright. You break your ass out there in the morning shorts if you want to or some grades. Nah, Mike ain't play. And Kyle is just like his dad. Right. He was never, I don't know what Brandon Aiyuk you thought the moment, hey I about had a ball on show. But the minute I hit that door and I saw everybody had on black Short. Right. I turned my black ass right back around and went and got them black shorts because I already know how this gonna end. He, He, he, he had, he had him underneath. So he was good. He was good. Yeah. Oh, Because Mike, Mike Who they, the 49 ERs play tomorrow.


I'm sure they do. If the 49 ERs play tomorrow, if Brandon Aiyuk you can have a good game, he gotta have a good game because if he doesn't have a good game, They play the Patriots. Okay. He gonna have a good game. He gonna have a good game. And if he doesn't And Mike still ain't gonna let come out there, Mike still ain't gonna let it come there, come out there. They gonna, they gonna come back to this again if he don't play well. Oh No, no. I don't care how he go for 200. He not gonna dress D Mike Kyle is not gonna let him dress different than the team. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. I'm just saying if he doesn't play well, I'm just saying I can see the media jumping on him about Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Floyd incident. You, you, you know, you know how we are Structured structure.


I, man look Coach Davis telling us, look, this ain't no alterna team. Mm. Ain't nobody, Hey y'all ain't fitting to dress out here like this here somebody dresses like that. No, we ain't fitting to do that. Right. This is a team. We gonna have structure. We gonna have discipline. And when I say everybody, Hey coach, you know how the state work? Yeah. Offense got a certain color jersey Defense got a certain color jersey quarterback. The the quarterback got in his own color jersey. That means don't Touch him. Don't you touch him. Touch him if you wanna. Hey, like Coach said, Hey son, can you play quarterback? Well Stoping hitting that one.


Oh Yeah. I mean, but you, but you understand Ocho you understand structure in a team setting. You don't want anything. Hold on Chad. What's up Chad? How y'all doing Chad? Shit, I love y'all Chad. Shit. Call me if y'all need me. 7 8 6 2 3 5 54 12. You know I'm here for you. What the hell You supposed to be in the bed And you know, and you know, you know what he looked like. What He look like? Alf, remember Alf? Yeah, I do remember He, Hey Will you supposed be in the why you up?


So I'm glad they got that resolved. Oh. Joe Cliff Kingsbury was asked about Kyle this week. Yeah. This is what he had to say. Okay. Yeah, it's been fun to watch him. The end of last year, I thought you could see the confidence getting back in the knee and he made a bunch of big plays, played really well and he is played great this season. There are a couple plays away from being undefeated. So you see the speed, the quickness, the competitive nature is, is there. So it's been, it's been great to see as a guy, I, you know, I basically banked my entire career on what he would be. And I still believe in it. And it's cool to see him playing as well as he is. I Like that. Hey, that's some good words for, for your former coach though, man. Yeah. That that's a good listen Kyle Murray is one of those players.


You know, you got, you got, you got players that get coaches fired. Kyle Murray is one of those players. Sometimes you don't know what you get, but he's the type of player that, that that'll make sure you keep your job. He one of em players that make sure you, you keep your job because you can, you can rely on him 'cause you don't know what's gonna happen. He's so god damn electrifying. Yep. No, when he's on, oh he's on, he's on. You had to like him because he was unique. Ocho we had never seen a guy his size. Right. Go number. I mean, normally a guy that like, man, he can't play quarterback. It ain't no question. Well you know, normally he like five, he like five 11 and a half. He's a smidge under six foot. He ain't even close. He ain't five 11.


He ain't five 10. You don't think so You stood next to call Murray. You think he's six foot tall? Yeah, I can't, I can't see I'm, oh god damn. I can't remember that was last year. Huh? How tall you think call Murray is? I mean, but five 12. No. What you think? I mean, be honest. Be honest. What you think? Maybe five, nine. Come on. Five 10 Top man. How, how tall they this Colin at? What they list Colin? So you, we gonna take a, we gonna take a half inch off of whatever they lifting. So they probably got him at five at six feet.


Huh? They got him at five 10. So you think he five nine And a half. Ah yeah. Nah. And that, that boy good though. Yeah, for sure. But you know, you, you put your reputation out there. God, you gotta think about it. A guy that's, we've never had a quarterback that small to play. He went number one. Overall You gotta be extraordinary. Na Yep. Gotta be extraordinary. And the one thing that Kyle can do, they list him at five 10.


How tall is five 12? Huh? How tall is five 12? Five 12 is like right before six feet. Nah, five 11. Five 11 is five Right before six Foot. I'm five 11. 5 11, 6 feet. Like right in the, like right a smidge right in the smidge right in the middle of that. So he's six foot tall? No, He like five 12 would be six foot tall. No, no, no, you ain't six feet. You like, right. Like, like you know the taint, you know like the taint? Yeah. Like you see how small the taint is like that? That's five 12. Like, like from from the see from the hoo-ha to the ass. The look right. Right in between that, That's, oh no.


Yeah, we gotta go see. There you go. We gotta go. Okay. Move right along. I'm just giving you a good explanation. After nine seasons, four all star appearances and a conference final that happened just four months ago. Carl Anthony Towns time in Minnesota is over. He's headed to New York for Julius Randall, Dante di Vincenzo, and a protected first round pick via the Detroit Pistons. Kat simply wrote on Twitter last night after the loop news broke, the athletic reported Kat was stunned by the deal. At no point in time during his tenure has he ever, he ever asked to be traded. Damn.


Okay. He, he had, he wrote dot, dot, dot, dot three dots four. Do he he wrote three dots right after the news broke last night on Twitter. Hey, you think he's upset? Are you really? Are. Can I ask you, Hey chat. Listen to me real quick now You too. Do you think he's really upset going from Minnesota to New York? Come on now. Come on now. I mean, look, I, I don't think, I don't, I don't. He could have look his former, if I'm not mistaken, I think his former agent, Leon Rose, right? Is is running the Celtics head worldwide. They had that group like, I mean, I think, I think he like rep by ca he rep by CAA now.


Right. But I think Leon was at one point in time with CAAI thought, I think Kat after I just, I just sat down with, I just sat down with Kat. You did? I did What he said. Oh, this was before. Before it happened on Before. Damn. Listen, I don't even play basketball. And I like Minnesota. I like the people in Minnesota. 'cause the people in Minnesota have been always good to me. Anthony Edwards is in Minnesota. Kevin Durant, Kevin Dur, Kevin Durant, Kevin Garnet played in Minnesota. Yeah. Prince is from Minnesota.


But we talk about being able to play in the Mecca, man New York man don't wanna go to go, go with Tims and have Tims play his ass 46 minutes a night and then they'd be done by the end of the season. What you mean? He just had Tibs. He was with Tibs when Tibs was in Minnesota and Tibs grinding them to the grinding them down. They ain't gonna do him like that. They ain't gonna do him like that. That's the only way Tims know what you think By planning the Mecca. Man, you know what, that's like Madison Square Garden, man. You talk about I only been there once. Yeah, but I understand. But New York got them high ass taxes. Oh yeah. That's, that's messed up, huh?


And I think he just, he and he and his girl just bought a $14 million crib somewhere. Was that in Cali? But That, that's for the off season. That's for all season. I don't think, I mean, I'm sure they probably got $14 million homes in Minnesota. There ain't many.


State Farm knows. Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael URA podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ dramas, Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and how to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I I started the podcast earlier saying, for me, in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I've made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael ura podcast Network.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Plug in a Hyundai ev And the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five n. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 ix. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Four more details.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey, I know he, he, he happy he could listen. You could put over he happy. He happy, he ain't happy. He happy. I I I call Kat right now, I ask him no, IIII ain't gonna bother him but having a conversation that I had, he was very excited about this upcoming season Right. Being in Minnesota and atoning for what happened last year. I'm just gonna leave it at that. Wait for the interview. Okay. Okay. I'll leave it at that. All right. Well maybe Y'all should No, I'll leave it at that. Maybe Y'all shoulda have a part two, huh? Y'all shoulda have a part two interview to to, to coincide with the first one since you know the unthinkable happened. Yeah, I text him and then I'll get y'all in touch.


Alright. It's time for q and a. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Ready? All ready. Adam took a nap. I'm ready to talk some more man. You can just, Brandon said that no call pass interference killed Georgia. I'll say it for you all. Do you think that was Pi Ocho you talking about the play play before the interception? Yeah. With with, with the DB didn't look back for the ball, right? Yep. Yeah, that, listen, that, that, that was, it wasn't enough for me. Even though the DB didn't look back for the ball. He didn't touch, he didn't impede the receiver in any way.


He didn't impede the receiver in any way. He put his hands up and he didn't really touch him. I ain't calling that. You Don't call it, I'm not calling that. Absolutely not. And I'm, I'm a receiver. I ain't definitely, I ain't calling that. Yeah, it was, had they called it, that Would've been I'm Oh, Joe, they don't normally let plays like this in college. See I'm the type of guy, man, you don't call a play like that to hell. Well, you don't commit if you don't wanna play. If you don't want a flag thrown, don't commit a foul. Don't commit a penalty.


I cannot swallow. I cannot in good conscience. Sw say, well if the first quarter, second quarter, that's a penalty. But late in the ball game is not Not Yeah. A penalty is a penalty. Yeah. But yo, if a guy you get ready to take a victory formation and the guy jumps off side, are they gonna throw a penalty or they gonna say, well he was already gonna take a knee anyway, so no problem. They throw flag. Yeah. So if it's a place, it's a penalty. It's a penalty. Yeah. I am shocked. I am, I'm shocked they didn't throw it. I mean that's, that's, that's tough. That's tough because when you think about it, have it, let's say it's a hundred plays in the game. Yeah. If it's a hundred in the game, you a referee, you could throw a flag a hundred times. Yeah. Like sometimes you gotta let them boys play ball.


Man. Sometimes you gotta let them play the boys play ball and not allow the referee to be more of the central focus of the goddamn game with them. Damn yellow hankies Did, did I think that play was more egregious than the one right before the half that the Georgia DB ran up the Alabama kids back? No, I don't. Right. But if that guy throws a flag, I can't say, ah man, they no, they, they, they, that was wrong. That was the wrong call. No, I couldn't, I couldn't ocho I'm surprised they didn't call it. I didn't, I'm surprised they didn't call it. Nah bro, I don't architect nice TV said Hunter is a hundred percent better corner than receiver. I don't know what OCHO is talking about. I don't know what you Talking about. How you gonna tell me what he better then?


I know I've been watching him. I've been watching since he was a legit, he's a better receiver. How you gonna tell me? You just started watching him. I've been watching him since he was nine years old. Whatcha you talking about? Telling me he's a better Receiver. I lock you up. What you talk about, man, how you gonna tell me what I know? What I know what I know you ain't playing. You got He just watch tv. He just watch him on tv. He don't know, you know about receiving db I played both, both ways Anyway, whoever that was Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Go ahead. What you what you wanna finish finish up? I just wanna tell dude, I love him. I love you homie.


Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. 84 85. Is it better to have a bad coach and a great team or a great coach and a bad team? Well, if you have a bad coach and a great team, a great team, but overcome bad coaching because you got Great, nah, because he gonna mess it up. Remember you saw Brandon Staley you, but look at all that talent he had and said and the chargers and you came out here and said, man, why, why they not winning all these, why they not winning no games, man with that talent? Hey, that defense was, I maybe, maybe they running, maybe they should run. Should have been running a a three four instead of a four three. Man, what you call for whatever reason, the bo they just can't stay healthy. I don't know if they didn't, I don't, I don't know if they didn't drink milk when they were kids, but man, damn.


IIII can tell you what it is. I can tell you what I can tell you why, why 80% of the NFL continues to get hurt and the injuries, the soft tissue injuries continue to increase year in, year out. I, I can tell you, but nobody wanna listen to me. But no, the NFL teams wanna bring, bring in all these goddamn specialists with all these goddamn pie charts and shit, you know, on, on, on what you're supposed to consume and, and how important your nutrition and intake is. And everybody continues to get hurt. Don't listen to me. We play a fucking barbaric sport. But all you motherfuckers are eating like goddamn rabbits and wonder why your body can't hold up and it's only weak goddamn three. Yeah, but you don't wanna listen to me, huh?


11, 12 years, no injuries. All I did was dislocated my goddamn finger once. Shit. But don't listen to me. Listen to the motherfucking people that never played a sport before, but they telling you what to put in your goddamn body. I'm gonna, I'm gonna listen, I'm gonna listen to the guys like Megatron that said he ate healthy and Jerry Who? Megatron. Okay. That's a good one. What about, what about Jerry? Jerry? That, that day? That's a good one. I mean, look, to eat his own, I just felt that, I just wanted, I just felt that I, I was gonna get in what I put out. Right? And so like during the season, I wasn't eating anything bad. Right.


That was just me and it. And, and, but here's the thing though, Ocho the mind is, is, is is the strongest muscle that you have? Oh yeah. Most. See, you believe eating that wasn't nothing gonna happen. Right. And you convinced yourself. Most people believe that if they eat healthy, they'll be healthy and they'll perform better. It ain't happening because all them motherfuckers hurt. They on ir soft tissue injuries. My hamstring, my ankle. I mean, listen, I I'm talking about the, it, it, it, it hurts me because the best players are the ones getting hurt. And on Sundays I want to see you play. I wanna see you play.


I'm mad at pka. naco. P pka. Naco had a historic rookie season last year with the Rams. You know what he ate every day last year he had McDonald's. He was a McDonald's advocate just like I am. He changed his diet in the off season and started eating healthy. It's not a coincidence. But you have to understand though, Ocho a lot of guys don't have your frame. They eat McDonald's eating that bull drive. They're gonna be, they're gonna be 300 pounds. They're gonna be 20, 30 pounds over their weight. Timeout. Time out tap What you mean? A lot of guys don't have my frame. It's only one me. Exactly. I know. Hey listen, I know I'm built like a, a heman figurine, Norine 30 Chiseled up.


I know everybody can built like this. I'm a, I'm A special Yeah, I know a lot of guys to eat. You know, we got weight. I don't know if y'all had weight, had to make weight decision that of course I Listen, I I was overweight a few times. I got, Hey listen, Marvin fired me like 15,000 right before the Ravens game. Right before the Ravens game. I I came in at 2 25. I ain't worried about that. I think the thing of OCHO is that I don't, I don't think the guys give their body enough time to rest. You don't think so? I don't. They barely Even, they barely even Practice. No, but I'm saying I'm not, I'm I'm talking about all they do is they, they go from soon as the season over they start back running and they don't take no time off.


Oh, I, I see what you mean. I see what you mean. Damn. Give your body take a month, take two months off. I, I don't think that shit, we were doing two a day. We were do we Getting it? They don't put the body through the ringer enough. They not practicing enough. Oh Joe, you gotta get The body ready for that. But we took time off in the off season. Right. We wouldn't, we didn't take after the Pro Bowl turn around and start right back training two weeks later. Right, right, right. Man, these guys take two weeks off Ocho they back, they back doing sprint works and pulling tires and box jumping. Yeah. I'm like, well damn.


Damn man. Cool. Chris, appreciate the show. Y'all always keep it 100. Cool. Appreciate you. Thanks for the support, man. We always try to, that's what we pride ourselves telling it like a TIS ts Leotta Rose says love the show as always. But I have a question for you seem very no nonsense and serious. Did you get that trait from your grandfather, grandmother? I recall you telling a story of him being stern. My grandfather, he was very matter of fact, we understood. Kids were seen to be, you know, seen, not heard. Go ahead. And so that's just, I am, I don't do a whole lot of bull driving around.


I don't whole lot, whole lot of playing. I'm serious. I'm, I'm intentional. I, I think if any, if a way that I would describe myself is that I'm intentional. I know what I want. I know the best way I, I feel the to go about it. I'm very disciplined. I'm very dedicated. I'm very determined. I want certain things. I'm not feel I know everything. I try to surround myself with people that are smarter than I am that can protect all my blind spots. So therefore things that I don't know, they can fill in the, they can fill in the, fill in the blanks of fill in the space. But yeah, that's it. My, my grandmother, she was stern to, you know, once my grand, once my grandfather passed away, obviously she had to take over that role because now it was her.


But you know, and but my grandfather had already pa planted that seed. I couldn't imagine bowing up at my grandmother. I couldn't imagine being disrespectful Now was I smart Say things under my breath where she couldn't hear it or when I, I was outta earshot. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. But it, I I just think that that's just for me. And, but I've kind of always, I've kind of always been this way. I guess that's why I don't have a whole lot of friends. 'cause I, I ain't the easiest guy to get along with, don't you? I it is what it is. Yeah, you yeah. You easy to get along with man. You good. You good. We ain't had no, we ain't had no problems. We ain't no problems.


Have no problems. And it is, but I, but, but you know, but my friend, my friends, the guys that I, that I grew up, that I grew up with, that I played college ball with, even like it group chat. Don't put me in no group chat because, because they already know. Hey, I don't know who put me in this group chat. Take me out man. Y'all man, why y'all put Sharpie to chat man? Y'all know how Sharp is. I said, I tell you what, let another, let another message come to my phone. I'm blocking everybody, everybody number that I can see I'm blocking you and, and sap Warren Sap. I know you watching, you notorious for that. Say sap take by this group chat. I know your fat ass did it.


And, and D Brook, d Brooks likes, Hey man, man, you know how man, you know how Sharp is man. He, he'll see that laughing emoji with his tongue hanging out. I said bro, s you know that dude man he played too much. But yeah, I couldn't ocho ocho o well Ocho liked this because I mean he was allowed. OCHO couldn't be if if if Ocho and I were siblings, OCHO couldn't be like this Shit. Well y'all, y'all got y'all. Hey listen, y'all better put me up for adoption. Nah, see, you see people say that Barney Porter didn't play that.


Mm. Har Abdu. Ean. What's up? What's up Nightcap for now on, just call me Luis because you be butchering my profile name. Okay. Luis? Yeah man. You got that old Harra, Reem, har Harra. Hakeem, harra. Abdul, Abdul, Eli Abdul Eli. That's what it is. Abdul Eli. That's it. Abdul Eli. That's what I'm sticking with. Have you and seen the video of Roddy White criticizing Clemson about having all white players on the team?


If so, what's y'all take on it? Ocho did You did, did you hear, did you see where Roddy said they got Clemson has too many white players on the team. What's, What's Clemson record this year? What's Clemson's record? I think they lost one game. Maybe two. I think they just lost one three. They three in one. Well man, I'm sure they've been three in one with black players before too. So statement really don't hold no weight. I think he look at like, Clemson don't look like the Clemson, the Bowl. Oh yeah. Where they had Christian Wilson. Christian Wilkins. And they had, they had all those guy had the de Seans and all those guys that had all the, you know, had those, those those AJ had all those guys.


They don't seem like they're like that. Right. And it's, but you know, he, hey so you basically Saying Clemson and gentrified. I mean that's, that's what, that's what it sound Like. I, I tell you what he gonna have to do. He gonna definitely have to go to that portal and get some players. I ain't saying you gotta go get all of them, but boy, hey, if you think you just gonna recruit, just go. I'm just go out. Nah, It ain't happening. Nah, 'cause first of all, the likelihood of you out recruiting Alabama, Georgia, Ohio State and those guys. Right. And when they got those big NI they got those collectibles, they got probably got 20, 10, 15, $20 million budget. Nah, nah, nah.


But I get what he saying. I mean he not used to seeing all those, those the guys, you know, that didn't look like Roddy. He not used to seeing them guys with, but hey man, that Georgia got a safety. He gonna play, he could play for anybody. Yeah, he could play at Georgia, he could play at Alabama. He could play at Ohio State. He could play at USC whatever top team you think that kid can play. He was nice boy. Oh yes sir. If you jump, if you jump out on film against Alabama, if you jump out on film period, when you're playing a game like that, you, you, you, something about you is special. Yeah. And he, he, he jumped out. I was like, damn. And hey, when he get there, oh you going down.


Hey he, hey he, he sure tackle. I was like, damn, this kid all over the place because I was looking at him, I like, oh, they about to get you right. I was like, oh, they, hey you get your a, you Like Larry Bird used to say, yeah man, get this white dude off me. Y'all got a white dude covering me. That's disrespectful. That's disrespectful. Y'all put him on me. But I just like, I think, I think it's the time that, you know, he's not used to seeing Clemson. Right. Because you know Clemson, you know, hey, and it's, you don't see a whole, most of them. They got them brother, they got them dogs, don't you?


You know? Hey. Ever since, ever since they integrated the schools once upon a time now that's all you saw. Yeah. Yeah. But once they went down there and got a couple of them, they like, Hey, we with these guys. Yeah. The only ID said, oh, is your Super Bowl versus the Packers. Do you think if your brother was still playing it would've been worth one touchdown difference in the game or more on the win? I'm glad he wasn't playing because no disrespect to any of the receivers they had when none of them guys Sterling, sharp. It'd been a very, very interesting ball game and I think it probably would've come down to a situation like that.


But we was counting on Brett to give us a couple of turnovers, which we got And, we took advantage of it, but he got his ring courtesy of me. That what I, that's what I, that's what I like to say. lb cool. Said Hey Ocho, what show you like being on the most? Yeah, Ocho what show you like being on the most? Oh, I, I, you know, I, I like, I like Nightcap nose. I like being on Nightcap the most because I can be ocho I can, I can be myself now. I like the, the chemistry that I have on inside the NFL with Ryan and Bill Belichick.


That's fun as well. It's a little bit more on the serious side with a little bit of, with a little bit of fun or a sprinkle of fun. Almost like the TNT crew. I'm not saying we're like the TNT crew, you know, with Shaq and, and Kenny them, but it has that kind of feel, feel to it. But it's also, it's, it's serious. But, but here is like, ain't nothing like this man I talking about I, my, I I let my hair down on hip. You know, I I I you do, I could be myself. I, you know, I could curse you. You do. You definitely let your hair down, Huh? Yeah. You let your hair down. Oh yeah. You know, I let it down. Yeah. Yeah. I sure wish you would've let it down so much.


Sometimes. Hey guys, I'm not in a bar for once I swear lies. If past you could see present you today, what would you say to yourself? Put that nigga's back. I would say when you enter someone else house, turn the phone off. I would say, I would say don't tweet so much. There's gonna be this thing called the internet that's gonna come out and you'll be able to tweet. People can see your tweet and then they could comment under your tweet. You know what Shannon, you don't always have to respond back.


Yeah. People like, people like having a celebrity that will, that will engage them. Yeah. That's nice. Because they feel that person don't think they're above them and they feel like they can have a conversation and go back and forth. But that, that's, that's probably one of the things, I don't really think there there'd be much, much, much else. I would cha I would say to myself, Ocho, nah. Because if, if I would, if I would tell if the, if I knew today, right? What I knew yesterday, then I would, that, that would, I wouldn't be me.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I I like that. I was, I was gonna say something like that. In, in general, I, I kind of, I kind of, I kind of wanna don't have to tell myself anything. Yeah. But for that, for that same reason, I think everything I've been through and going through has made me who I am today. You know, the, the growth is tremendous. I mean, tremendous. I'm talking about eon. If you know me from back then, as opposed to where I am now, now I'm, I'm still, I'm still me now. You know, I'm, I'm still my authentic self. But, but the growth, especially knowing Okay, when, when, when the lock in and be serious. Yeah. And when I can, can have fun as opposed to always being fun 24 7.


But yeah. Yeah. I, I, Oh Joe. You know what? Today, What's today? Today I was trying to watch, I was trying to watch a football game and I couldn't get my TV to come on. You know why? Yeah. All my TVs on Ashley Armand's admin. So I can't watch tv. I can't watch tv. Ash had to turn my TV on. Wait. From her house. I had to call Ash just to Get your TV on. Yes. Oh. 'cause you don't know how to, that's probably too much work, huh?


Hey, all the TVs, all my TVs are on Ash account. Hey. So if I go down to try to watch something on tv, they like, who's watching? Ashley, Shannon, Shelly or kids? Okay. Okay. Okay. Got. I just want you to know, Ash got terrible tasted movie. Her movies are, her movies are, try Ash. Try Ash. I'm like, who the hell be watching this bull? Yeah. So if you, if you ever go on her YouTube and, and see what she be watching, that Is that bad.


Terrible. Hello, shout. Nice said hello, shout to No Cho, can you give a birthday shout out for my good friend Sterling. He's in Afghanistan. He's an Afghanistan veteran, and his birthday was yesterday. We sure can. Sterling, that's a very special name. Thank you. Congratulations. Hopefully everything is well. Thank you for your service, first and foremost, and thank all the men and women around the world that's doing an unbelievable job of protecting us. But Sterling, yesterday was your birthday and Nightcap crew. Ocho and myself, would like to wish you a very, very special happy birthday, and thank you for your years of service to this country.


Yeah. Salute Scotty. T Ocho does rel root for Alabama, or Auburn Rel is from Phoenix City, Alabama. So she roots for roll Tide. Yeah. Roll Tide.


State Farm. DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and you of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right? And also, as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices. We might've, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower IONI five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three to three mile driving range for 2024 ix. Five SE SEL L limited rear wheel drive, and 3 0 61 mile driving range for 2024 iion. Six se long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims, and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay, and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Desmond Harner said Ocho, if you could choose being a sports movie, would you be the star or a supporting cast? I'm the star. What you talk about. I'm the star. Yeah. Like if I was in Rudy, I need to be Rudy. I wanna be Rudy. If I'm, if I'm in, remember the Titans? You gonna be Denzel? No, you gonna be Coach Boone. Actually, you do realize Sunshine. Sunshine Burns. My best friend Burns played for Coach Boone. For Real? Yep. That's live. They was, he was the last, they was, I think they won the state championship burn senior year. For real. Yep.


Yep. Yeah. Obviously I wanna be this o obviously I wanna be the, I would want a star in the movie. Yeah. I mean, I, but no, hold on. I could be a CoStar. It's not like I have to be Denzel or Samuel Jackson a rock in a movie. I gotta be a star. No, I could be a CoStar. I, Hey, my light gotta shine. Yeah. I mean, no, as matter of fact, like I just look like a star. Like I just look like the lead in something. Like, But see, I, I might not be the star in that movie. Right. But I'm gonna do so Well, they gonna make me a star. Just like Denzel right in glory. Matthew Broderick.


But Denzel was so good. He never had to be a supporting guy again. Yeah, you look at the Rock, the Rock was Scorpion King. He was the mu look. Guess what happened? Boom. Never been to supporting guy again. So that's all you do once you get paid. I had to come off the bench, you know what I'm saying? Ocho I didn't start my first game, but after a while it put me in, let me shine a little bit. That's like, Hey, we gotta put eight, we gotta put 81 in the game. I was number 81 till I hated that number. I don't look like no, 81. I need an even number. Look terrible. Patterson Yassy, uncle Ocho, your boy is in Berlin, Germany ready to make, oh, ready to take on the Boston, the Berlin Marathon.


Okay. Okay. Don't worry, I won't stop and kiss a girl this time. But yeah, that was you. He done stop. He done stop and try to get the girl numbers. What he he the one that kiss the girl or wanted the girl number? Wait, during the marathon? Yeah, he run the Boston. He run the Berlin Marathon. He said I won't stop and kiss a girl this time. Time to lock in and run fast. Run a fast race. Wish me luck. 7:22 AM here. Patterson man, thank you so much for supporting us. Thank you for watching us. Yeah, bro. Hey, I don't know what your goal time is. I suspect that anything under three hours is extremely fast. Yeah. So if you under three hours, but if you just finish it, because I, I don't, I don't even drive 26 miles.


I know damn well I ain't Finn to run no 26 miles. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's, that's, that's 26 is good. I, I mean, listen, I, I ran, I ran the Boston Marathon of, I think it might have been 2003 in the off season just to get some good cardio. And I think I ran it about an hour and 30 minutes. Hold On. Ain't the Boston Marathon like, like in September? Or Memorial Day is Memorial? No, he said, but Ocho said he ran, but I'm trying to think, is it, is it, is it Memorial Day or Labor Day was the Boston Marathon?


Patriots Day. Okay. What month is that? April? Yeah. Yeah. I I I know, I know, I know. What Was your time? You know, you remember your time? I can't remember my time, but I came in third From last. Oh, what ocho what do hell, what it do? Blood. Oh, Ocho. I pitch my business plan to my homie and he didn't hit me back. I don't know how to take it. Oh man, he left. No. Hey listen, if you pitch your bus, but you never pitch a business plan to your homie.


Nope. Never. Especially if he hit you back. You already know what time it is, man. Now listen, you wanna do something to him, let me know. Let me know. I'll come wherever you at now. We put the two piece on me quick and the biscuit throwing some fry. Yeah, I mean it's, it's, I mean it's, can't do that. You gotta be careful. Yeah. Mixing business and friendship, business and family. You gotta be real careful with that Ocho. Yeah. I don't even tell my right hand what the left hand Finn to do. Yeah, you gotta be, man, Eric. It's tough, bro. It's, it's really tough because nah, I probably wouldn't pitch a business plan to a friend.


No Sir. Not praying for an extremely long period of time. You know what I'm saying? Right. Because I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't want our friendship. I don't want our friendship to money. Money. Hey man. Money. Money, man. Money cause people to act differently. Ocho Hey family, Family friends love. Yeah. Strangers. Hell yeah. It don't matter. It don't matter. Everybody act funny when it comes to that green boy, Terry Taylor, UNC, you don't come off as a flashy jewelry type guy. But what kinda watch is that?


Send me one. It's, it's called a meteorite and it's an off catalog piece, which means it's not made available to the public. Mm. Yeah. I normally have a watch. I mean, Watch. Yeah. I mean over the last, 'cause I used to have, you know, I used to have a 84 necklace and I wore it all the time. That got, when my house got burglarized almost two years ago, year and a half ago, they took all that. And so I was like, you know what?


So I got a chain. I kind of wear this most of the time. But yeah, I mean I used to, I used to only, I didn't have any bracelets. I only had, I used to only wear a watch and a and my necklace only had a, and Yeah. And now I think about, oh, cho, I had a, a dog tag that was made. Yeah. And then all my kids, I had one Big K. 'cause all my kids start with K. It was in diamonds. Stole that too. Damn. Dang. But it is what it is. God bless me tenfold. One thing about it. 10 10, You gonna take care of you now. He absolutely is.


Shake that hole. Damn. I don't even know if I'm win with a name like that, bro. I should have just said STH and let people, let people figure it out from there with Joe. What you talking about? Tcho need your opinion. Is it wrong to leave a woman that lacks the ability to answer yes or no questions? Huge pet peeve. I haven't shaken off. I hate that. Hold on. You talking about leave, like how y'all even together if you know she don't answer yes or no questions. Well I guess it shouldn't even got it. Shouldn't even got to that point. Shit. Talking about leaving. I hate that Ocho.


Yeah. Hey man, I'm going to, I'm going to Chick-fil-A you want something? What you getting? Man? Don't ask me what the, I'm getting, I asked you did you want something? You ain't gotta get what I want. Get damn, nevermind. Forget I ain't going nowhere. Oh Bad. Oh. I hate, I hate That. Hey, I, I know what you're talking about. I ain't really, I ain't really ran to that problem. Every, every, every so often. Every so often. I, I try to be as nice as possible because you know, when you ask a woman what she wants to eat, she never know. Unc, she never know. And then when you, when you make a suggestion, she'll say, you sure that's what you want? Well, God damn, I just gave you the opportunity to tell 'em what you want eat.


But when I said something all of a sudden now you sure that's what I want. If it's something that you want, don't you just say it? Yeah, I just, anytime it comes to ask a woman anything, when it come to food, sh everything. Yeah man. It's a debate. It's a debate. Yeah. I, I hate, I hate that Ocho Hey man, I'm finna go to the store. What you getting? Do you want something? Why you gotta get what I get? Do you want, you wanna ride with me? Damn, Man, I, man, that's what, man, oh, I hate that. I know how you feel.


You, you got, man, I hate that. Don't, don't ask me. I'm asking you do you want something. Right. Don't worry about what I'm getting. Right. I you know what? Oh Lord have mercy. I Know how you feel. I know how you feel. Take your, take your time now. Why you gotta get what I get? Why you gotta worry about what I'm getting? That's all I wanna do. Why do you gotta worry about what I'm gonna get? Yeah, I know how you feel. I Asked you did you want anything? Oh, where you going? You go, okay. Yeah sure. Let me get, lemme get the number one combo with no pickles. Let me get cheese extra sauce. Let me get large waffle fry lemonade. Or if I'm going to X, Y, and Z.


Okay, let me get the, the five, the the four tenders, the five tenders, fries, and the large this. Okay, fine. You know where I'm going. Why you gotta know what I'm gonna get to determine what you going to eat. You know what? I ain't even hungry. Forget it. I ain't hungry Joe. I, I ain't lying. I ain't even hungry no more. I was thinking about eating something, but you know, now I don't even want to eat nothing no more. So. Yeah, but that bothers me too because then like, I'm like, okay, would you like to go here? Whatever you wanna do now. But you always say I'll never ask you to do so right now when I ask you to do whatever you wanna do, you know we gonna go. No, I, yeah, I know, I know.


We normally go where I would wanna go. But I'm asking you, where would you like to go Specifically? You? I'm asking you where would you want to Well it don't, it don't matter to me as long as we go. So now you know why I don't take your ass nowhere because you only know where you wanna go. See Oh Joe that, oh Joe, I get so mad. I tell somebody at two o'clock be at my house 7 30, 7 32 o'clock. Okay. Oh, I tell you the day before, hey, we go to XY we go to X place reservations at this time.


Right. Be at the house because boom, boom, boom. Why you going to call me at seven 15? Talk about you running late. Guess what I do Ocho, I don't even wanna Go no more When they get to the house. I'm undressed. I don't know where you thought you were going man.


You done got Yeah, I don't wanna go now Because Basically you said, you said F me. That's what you said. You said F me. Hold on. They They done knew five hours in advance and still late. Yes. I told you the night before. I asked you what time would you, because a lot of times I say what time would you like the make the reservation? You know, whatever time's good for you. What time would you like, would you like something early? Would you like something late? I don't like to eat too late. I don't like eating until 8 30, 9 o'clock. Right. I'm more of a, I'm more of a six 30 between a six 30 and seven 30 because I really like to be trying to take my clothes off. Shutting it down at nine o'clock.


Oh, seven 30 is good then you gonna call me at seven 15 talking about you running late. Okay. Don't worry about it. So you said F me, you said my time ain't important. Don't worry about it. Oh, your stomach ain't important either. Hope you brought something in some Tupperware. I don't even said that. Hey Ocho. Hey, you gonna send me a text? You mad? Nope, nope. Hey, nah, ain't mad. Don't worry about it. You good?


Hey, that you mad. Text is so real. I didn't worry about it man. Hell no. Hey, hey that you mad. Hey that you mad Tex, that's real now that, that was real. 'cause you, you know man, a lot of times ocho people on, they only give you 10 minutes if you running late that's all right. Don't worry about it. Huh? Shit, Hell no. Bad day. Like my grandma say, you just, y'all love being the cow don't you?


I just, nah man, I just, I just, I just like, yo just, oh Joe, like you say man, just say okay what you want. Okay. You, you know, I don't know May maybe I, I I think I get that. I think I get that from my granddaddy because, because my, my grandfather was like that. He got, he would get annoyed. They, first of all, he and my grandmother, they was very big on time. They didn't play that you could leave and go to them clubs and go out and you leave on time. We gonna go to church, And, we gonna do what we need to do on time. But he was big. He was, he was big on that. Right. Oh my. Oh, you wouldn't make, you wasn't finna make Barney Lake.


But I'm getting better. I'm working on patience ocha, I'm working on that. Yeah. Yeah. Every night. That's one of the first thing I ask God to give me is patience. Patience. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. He gonna give it to you now. He Gave, he gave, he gave me as much discipline. Right. With as little patience. I think they hand in hand. Little patience, discipline. They both are way up here. Yeah. And one, one thing about the patient, it might not come where you want it, but it's gonna be on time. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I, I'm, I'm getting better little ocho I'm getting better. I, I, I'm praying, you know, I'm praying up. You know, call my uncle my uncle Mr. But one, one day at a time. At Time. Yeah. One day at a time.


One day at a time. Mocho. Yeah. That's all it is. That's all it did. Even the kids, they be, hey, the kids beat me. They be, last time I was home a couple. Nah, maybe like the time before we went out and the kids beat me. They calling me Daddy, is everything okay? I'm like, what you mean daddy? You ain't never late. Mm. I said, yeah, something came up because daddy late. They already know they Hey, both of 'em calling because Yeah, something, something actually did come up though.


Something did come up. Ocho man, what a game. What a game. What a game. The Alabama Crimson tide takes down the Georgia Bulldogs. What? 41 to 34 and what is probably thus far in It's early in the season. One of the best games of the season, if not the best, went back and forth Alabama jumpside to a big league. Georgia overtakes him on a big 67 yard to throwing catch. Alabama comes right back, 75 yard touchdown to the young rookie. The young freshman sensation Ryan Williams. They take the league, go for two, get it, and they end up winning the holding on, winning the end the the ball game.


41 34 interception late in the ball game. In the end zone preserves the victory and the the Georgia Bulldog is un are undefeated. No more Alabama wins. 41 35. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite number 85 Liberty City Zone. Cincinnati Bingo. Ring of Fame Honor. Read the Pro Bowl of the all pro Chad Ochocinco Johnson. We can call it real, real in the chat. Yep. She in there. Please real please, please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button.


Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber counts And. we thank you guys for counting and helping us achieve the level of success that we've enjoyed in the year. Please make sure you go check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. We're gonna be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. But if we're not in a city or a state near you, you can order it from our site and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. UNC and OCHO t are back in stock.


That's UNC and ocho ts are back in stock. If you've ordered merch in the last three weeks, it shipped out. Started shipping out last week. We will be on live tomorrow after the Bill's Ravens. So we're on live tomorrow after Bill's Ravens, which we should be a very, very good ball game. Pretty good game. Alabama holds off. Georgia 41, 34. Colorado Blast. UFC 14 point underdogs. They go on the road win by 27. Ura Sanders and Travis Hunter do what they normally do. Got big production, one of the most complete games that Colorado has played in the last two years. And they win as the 14 point underdogs.


48 21. Move to four in one in the co. Four in one, overall two and oh in the big 12. Congratulations, coach Prime and to CU Buffs. So that concludes our show for tonight. Thank you guys for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow after Buffalo Baltimore. I'm up. He's ocho out. All right, gang The. Volume.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal water crafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo, find your water visit, see do.com or find a dealer near you.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.


Everybody vibes with the all new Camry. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride Hall of Fame. Point guards don't have this level of control. And the Camry's got the flash, the match we're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke alloy wheels and chrome dual tipped exhaust. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. And because every all new Camry is a hybrid, its fuel efficiency is a difference maker for your wallet. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com. And get lucky. Today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Boyd, we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use OO because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.