
The Volume. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe. My partner and co-host is the bottom left, the Liberty City Legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. Pepe Chad Ochocinco Johnson, bottom right, joining us. Talk about all things basketball. Y'all know him. The Arkansas native, Arkansas love PLU guy himself.


Alright, so Joe, thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you guys. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for your continued support and thank you. I can't thank you enough because of you. We get to do what we do. Please make sure you go check out Shade by La Porter. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. It's the best tasting VSOP on the market and we've got the proof. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale now. Eight stop goes as follows. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, yc, Chicago, Detroit is going to close things out. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's sheha media.com/tour. That link is pinned in the chat. Guest lineup is looking really well go get your tickets now.


UNC and OCHO coming to a city near you. Make sure you come out and show support. Guys what an offer. Eventful day and play our basketball. We had a team go on an eight and up and run down by eight, down by seven. They end up winning by one in overtime after they go on an eight Oh run in 40 seconds to go. But first the Nuggets take a three, two lead, 1 31, 1 15 over the La Clippers. Jamal Murray. Set the tone early tonight. Like You know what guys? We going back to LA with a chance to close this thing out. We are not going to stay alive. We're going back to LA and we're gonna try to close this thing out. 43 points, five rebounds, seven assists, three steals.


Eight of 14 from the three point line. Joe, I've seen this over the last two years when he did this to the Lakers so I know what he's more than capable of doing. I saw him do this to the Clippers in the bubble in the games and, and and the game. And guess what? He dropped forward in the clothes I gave him. I've seen him do this. He and Donovan Mitchell get into a tussle and they both go get 50. So I'm not surprised. But you can't ask on a night that Nico yo was held somewhat in check. He did have a triple double, but it wasn't a meaningful, You know, I hate to say non meaningful, but he wasn't yoki that we are used to seeing. They got great contributions. Russ gave him 21 points off the bench in 25 minutes.


But it was Jamal Murray, it was Aren go. Everybody chipped in on a night that Yoki didn't have it. Jamal Murray did. What did you like about what you saw from Jamal Murray early on in this? I just liked the way Jamal asserted himself, man, to kind of start the game. You know, he got going early and it was just like a trickle effect. You know, you got Russ came in, he gave you great productivity, gave you 16 points in that first half, which kind of got you going. Yogis didn't really have to be, especially even though he had a triple double on, he was only, he only shot 13 sh he only shot 13 times. He was four for 13. But I bet you he'll take a win like this knowing that, You know, you get Jam Murray some confidence.


Get him rolling, get him going. 'cause going to LA for game What? Game six game game six for the clip was you gonna need, I mean, I don't know if you gonna need 43, but you gonna need something close to it, You know, if you want to advance. So I thought it was a great well-rounded game for Denver. The guys who helped out the Porter Juniors, the Gordons, You know, those guys were very efficient today. They didn't have to shoot a lot, but I thought Gordon had a great game, but they were very efficient. He on the shots, they weren they were seven for 11, five for 10. Just, just playing hard, playing great defense in, in 17 or 26, 5 of eight. Yeah, Russ was eight or 15. You mentioned Michael Porter Jr.


How can I ntroduce you this? What was he plus 34 and plus minus. That's crazy. Yeah, a plus 34 and plus minus. Yeah, they, they whole starting five was in the pluses, You know the, they they were hitting on all cylinders, man. They had it going. It wasn't, I mean I know we seen Murray, You know, throw us that flurry with 43 points, but the rest of those guys really chipped in and helped out and I mean it was kinda lop side of the game. Honestly. I know the Clippers got back in it to some degree, but for the most part in the emergency, hell no, y'all can't go. Hell no, y'all can't go Ocho. The Clippers got great, I mean they got balanced production. They got 20 points from Kauai, almost a triple double.


He's one rebound short of a triple double. Yeah, a Box Z box gave you 27 and five. You got 11 from James Harden who didn't play particularly well tonight. Norman Powell gave you 12. James Harden gave you 11. Norman Powell gave you 12. Chris Dunn gave you 15 and Bogdanovich came off the bench and gave you 18. They had six guys in double figures, but they could not find someone to output that pilot light out, which was Jamal Murray. And as, as Joe mentioned earlier, is that once he got going, I mean he was hitting fall away three, hey, he was coming down. Take that last three that he took. He felt the joke, he felt his I take, I take, I, I check I got, Hey, hey, hey.


When it's going good man, you got gotta ride that wave. He understood the moment he was like, nah, forget all this, I'm gonna let it ride again. Yeah, yeah. He, he had a get your coat your brim and get on outta IG get your coke your brim and get on outta IG get your coat your hat and leave on show your clippers. They, they hung tough but it was just too much. Jamal Murray tonight. Yeah, listen, Clippers did all they could obviously James Harden not having the game he needed to have to to, to make it somewhat of a close game. Listen, the hot hand, we know we had the hot hand even though Joker, I call it a small triple double. It didn't kill you. He didn't, he didn't do too much.


He was 13, 12 and 10. Obviously Russell Westbrook obviously contributed coming off the bench, but Jamal Murray was, man, listen, I don't know what he ate before the game. I'm not sure Woody had had to drink before the game or had to, had to drink on the side. I don't know what it was about Jamal tonight uncle. He had 43, 17 and 26 and he was crazy. He was eight for 14 from the three three and he, he had the hot hand when you got the hot hand like that man, nobody else was able to counter that and they couldn't stop it. Everything seemed to be falling for him tonight. Yeah, he would do ocho when the guy he was, but You know what, Joe haven't played the game. You know this. When a guy like Jamal Murray get hot, you just like, hey whew, I show hope.


I just show hope. We can get a stop here or there or we can get to keep the ball outta his hands because ain't nobody, I don't care. They put Kawhi, they put James Harden, they put Jones, they put this one, they put that one. Once the guy get it going, once he turns it on, you not turning him off that game. Now maybe the next game he comes back and he is cold. But in that game, it don't matter who you had on him, he was talking, he had it going, he had the pick and roll working for him. They couldn't stop him in the pick and roll. He kind of got whatever he wanted. And then in the one-on-one situation, the iso situation, he was just breaking the defense down, getting to his spots, raising up. And once you see a few of 'em go in, man, you start to feel it like that, you start shooting off your back leg, you start sh in the crowd you like, yeah, yeah, yeah.


He had it going, he had it going. It was a, it was a great sight to see because You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a di fan and I like to see Jamal get off going man, because when he's playing like that, they're a tough team to beat. Yeah, you you, you're exactly right. And that's what makes them so tough is that the year that in that championship he and Yolk would take turns. Yeah. Yeah. One game, yolk Yolk was going to get, yo, you already know, you can see Yolks gonna give you damn near triple double every night, man. But let's fool, let's please pray we can hold Jamal under the wraps. Is that in the Lakers game? You remember the Lakers? He hit two buzzer beaters. He hit two walker. Yeah. And so, and and, and Yoki was doing what Yoki was doing and so it didn't matter. And when he's playing like this and they can get, others could contribute and you talk the role the others, you get a, I thought Christian Brown played really well today.


Yeah. Was nice. 12 big rebounds. He did a great job. He rebounding to basketball. He did a great job of hounding James Harden. He played really well. Michael Porter Jr. Was dual a game like this. Aren Gordon has been, he's been that utility guy. It's funny how it happens like this, Joe, you were what, 0.5 seconds away from going up, right? Three one. Right. He dunks the ball home is two two. Now you finding yourself I need to win two games in order to advance as opposed to winning one game and we home free. But the Nuggets played well, but this was the best I've seen. Look, they won, they, You know, obviously they won three games, but I thought this was the best game that they played thus far. Yeah, yeah, I think so too.


But this, this, this, I think this series gonna go seven. I don't get ocho. Yeah, yeah. What'd you say? I think it's gonna go seven. Yeah, I think it's gonna go seven. I I I got the Clippers winning game six at home and then, You know, game seven, man, it's, it is anybody's game. But You know, I think the Clippers gonna play a lot better at home and I haven't seen that that that big. They gonna need James Garden. I seen that big game James Hard did not play well tonight. Hold, I ain't seen that big game from Norman Powell though. I, I'm, I'm expecting Norman Powell to really give him something, maybe even win him a game, You know, here or there. So I'm expecting for him to explode as well. But yeah, James didn't really have it in the T tonight seemed like, I don't know. And I don't know if it's, You know, because the series has kind of, You know, carried on and it's kind of warmed down throughout the series.


But You know, they going need, they, they definitely gonna need his contributions if they want advance, You know, out this series. Hey, you think a unc and They definitely need J part. Hey UNC and Joe, you think this one Jamal Murray's best playoff playoff performance since the bubble? Oh no, I think so. You don't think so, huh? From a point standpoint it might've been, it might've been his most points. Right. But you go back and look at some of those Laker games, I mean yeah, they, they, I mean you go back and look at it with the Lakers. Yeah, them Lakers game did, yeah, he had some great games against the Lakers, but Right. As of recent, the past few playoff years, he, he ain't had no performances like this. They needed this.


No, I mean we, we, we've seen him, I mean towards the Lakers and, and the game-winning shot. Yeah. I mean it's, it's, it's a rarity. It's, you might go, you might go your whole career and not have a game winning shot in the playoffs. He had two in one series. Yeah. How you, how you get how you get two in one series. Right. And he did that. He's more than capable of catching fire. He's like, he has that Steph Curry, he has that, that damn guy, the guard that can catch fire and the next thing You know, they got 20 points in a quarter and you look up at other game like, damn he hit us like that. And it's not a whole lot of layups. It's like a big getting 43 because some of them gonna be layups, Jamar, bur shoot, hey a lot of those.


He, I mean he had that couple of flu, one flush and they got a layup most of those 14 three pointers and hit 14 for three. He's eight for 14. So that's 23. Come on now we this the playoffs that's the highest level basketball, You know what I mean? Yeah. It's on a night that Denver really needed it too. So man, kudos to Jamar Mary for coming out and giving us their great performance tonight. That was awesome. I also, I mean listen, the clip of bench, the clip of Vince is gonna have to play better. You know, James Harden is, is gonna have to play a little better. He gonna have to get more than more than 11. Kawhi did what he was supposed to do, but they kinda wasted Zak having a performance like he did tonight. And I'm not sure career high.


I'm not sure what adjustments Ty Lou can make. Both of you said the game, the, I mean the series in Go seven, I'm not sure what adjustments Ty Lou needs to make. Maybe home court advantage would make, make, make game make the next game a little bit more interesting. But they, they gonna have to do shopping. Get it. And if you think about it, you look at this Jamal Murray shot one free throw. Oh he shot one free throw got 43 1 free throw. That's crazy. And so people look at and say, well man, he wasn't, oh he was extremely aggressive. He just didn't need to get all the way to the basket and try to get a and one to try to get anything because he had the three ball falling. So now you hug up on him, he got handles, he can put the ball on the floor, dance with it behind his back between his leg, he'll start, stop and pull up.


So he has, he has that accountability. I am not surprised that Jamal Murray went off. You saw those first couple go in. Yeah. And now he's just coming down court and he ain't looking to get all the way to the basket. He stopping behind the line Joe and letting it go. You, you in Trouble. And he, he was doing what he was doing whatever you wanted to getting to a spot. Midrange and I, I'm trying, I'm trying to think defensively, what can you do? What, what adjustment can Tyler, what adjustment can Ty Lou make you? I I I'm not sure you can do much because you don't, you don't want to double that and make him have to give it up to Yos. 'cause You know what Yolk going to do? Yo gonna make the right play. Yeah. You know he gonna score then he gonna get him a dime. So you kinda, it's almost like they kind of gotta live with, You know, with Jamal going off and Hopi Miss Hope cool off.


Yeah. Try to the rest of the guys around him. Right, Right. But the thing is is that you and then you come and he shoots the ball and miss and now you're out of position and you get guys getting put backs, you guys getting offensive rebound and they giving given other opportunity, you another opportunity to put the ball to the basket. Zbox been, ZBOX has played extremely well. I believe Zbox should win most improved player. You really? Yeah. Over K Cut bro. You the number one pick in the draft. You should, you should, first of all, if you are the number one pick in the draft, if you a top pick you a lottery pick, you should be ineligible for that role. What you mean you most improved you The number, you the number one picket to draft your Oh they had, oh they just won 16 games last year.


Man, them folk won 16 games. They in a battle right now. Yeah, they in. I understand. Yes, I understand. They brought some, some veteran help but that's just my vote. I'm going k no I'm going Zbox. That man gave you six. He increased his points by two or three A game rebounds by two or three a game. He been, I mean 59 double, double. I ain't taking it away from Zox. I think he had a hell of a year. I think he's playing some hell of a basketball right now as we speak. But I think what the Pistons are doing is, is pretty special. You know, considering their cage is kind of leading away with that. But I, You know. Yeah, yeah.


But that game six is Thursday night. The Pacers beat the bucks one 19 to one 18. There was only seven there. Wow. The only second seven point plus comeback during the final minute and postseason game in the play by play era. They started that 19 97, 98 Halliburton with the game winning layup. But unfortunately the pace of win was overshadowed by Halliburton's dead coming on the court and getting in the face of Giannis causing a verbal altercation. Giannis spoke about it after the game, losing the game, emotions run high having a fan, which at the moment I thought it was his fan. But then I realized that's Tyrese's dad, I'm happy for him, I'm happy for his son.


That's how you're supposed to feel. But coming to me and disrespecting me and cursing at me, I think is totally unacceptable. Totally unacceptable. His dad coming on the floor and showing me a son towel with it on his face saying this is what, this is what we do. We do this. I feel like that was very, very disrespectful. I believe in being humble in victory. That's the way I am. Halliburton said all the right things though, he said as far as the incident between Yiannis and my pops, I had no idea until it happened and I got got in the back. I talked to my pops after and I don't agree with what transpired there from him. He needs to just allow me to play basketball. I'll talk to Giannis about it. I don't think my pops was right.


I think Halle handled it right. Look Joe, I I could just imagine how my dad would've felt or Joe, if he could saw, You know, your dad, see you play. My dad could have seen me play. 'cause that's his son. I'm his, I'm his baby boy. And to see me out there on the field and I'm scoring a touchdown, I can imagine the pride that a father feels when his son play hits a home run or his son wear does something. So I can imagine, but to come all the way on the court. Yeah, that's a, and I can look you talking to a guy that got into an altercation with the grizzlies, but I was up, my ass was on the sideline. I'm not excusing it. So Chad, I'm not excusing my behavior. So I'm just saying, I think look, if he wants to wave the towel, he's on the sideline, fine.


So be it. But when you come on into that playing area, it's like when you running the football field, yo, back in the day they used to run the football field players at you. Right. We'll, the game in a minute, the situation that arose Joe, how do you, do you like the way Giannis handled it and do you like the, what Halle had to say after that? Well, I thought Giannis handled it pretty professional. You know, he, he kept his composure, You know, he controlled his emotions throughout that, throughout that, You know, that time because You know, I can, I can imagine how he's feeling, man. They just squandered away a seven point lead in 40 seconds and then this happened. It's 40. Yeah, I'm like 40 seconds, bro.


You, you lose a seven point lead. So I know he was teed off about it, but yeah, I think Hallen Burke's father was, was definitely in the wrong man. Definitely in the wrong Yes, yes. Ojo. Yeah. Yeah. Pops, pops crossed the line a little bit. But I, listen, I can understand Pop's excitement, obviously he shouldn't have been on the court. If anything, anything you do, it should've been done on the sideline. I I I, I kind of understand it, but as a father, You know, myself as a father of, of 85, I, I can see myself almost in, in that situation damn near, You know? But as, as, as a dad, you gotta you gotta contain yourself, keep somewhat of a, a a a sportsmanlike and professionalism to yourself.


Knowing and understanding that obviously Giannis is, is in that, in that situation. He's, he's upset and you never know how he could've reacted. But Giannis handled it very well. Halliburton handled what he had to say after the game very well. And I'm sure Giannis and Halliburton, Halliburton handled it Great. Yeah, I'm sure Giannis and Halliburton have probably had a conversation about it and it's, I don't really think it's, it's it's a big deal. It is. Because Pop came in the court, it is not that big of a deal. Well, You know, they are John Halliburton, You know, they already got issues. I, I go, You know. Yeah. I was, let let me, let me, let me read what he said and then I'll let you get into your thought. Io this is what John Halliburton, who is the Tyrese Halliburton's father, I sincerely apologize to Y Giannis the Milwaukee Bucks and the Pay Pacers organization for my actions following tonight's game.


This is not a good reflection of our sport. Or my son and I will not make that mistake again. Back in the eighties or nineties, I don't know if one them player would've let that slide. Now they be throwing them. I was dark. They, they, they a l Joe. They, they wo no pop because I'm not so sure because GNI said he thought it was a fan at first and then he realized that it was, yo, that day it was Tyrese's dad. Yeah, man, look back in those days, man, look you getting the guy face like them guys be doing now and wanting to doing all this. Man, them guys didn't play like that, man. They they light your ass inside man. I told y'all, hey, they, they, they, they, they putting them god fingers in your face and everything.


It's so disrespectful. Oh yeah. I'm talking about in the NBA at the regular league. It don't matter where you playing at, man, they disrespectful bro. It's disrespectful. Yo. They, they, they, they, they be on, they'd be on one And and like you said, I think sometimes when emotion is high, logic is low. Yeah. And I I I can understand he's extremely excited about his da about his son that won that series. You know, once Dame didn't play the first game and then Dame goes down with that injury. Yeah. Then the Milwaukee's not winning. Now maybe they should have won that game and let's, let's give them that. Let's conceive that. Let's just say for the sake of argument, they should have won that game. They're not winning this series. Not with Giannis by himself. And it took, think about it, the game that they won the first game, Jared Trent Jr.


Had 37. He had 33 tonight. So it's taking a hurt, it's taking Jared Trent Jr. To have a out of body experience in order for them to be close. Now if he doesn't play like that in game six, he doesn't play like Giannis is not enough. Giannis had 30, 20, and 13. Giannis can't play any better than what he's playing. So hey, it just go. They need other guys to step up. Yeah, maybe Trent ain't gonna give you 33 or 37 every night, but maybe he'll come down about 15, 16. You get these other cats to step up Kevin Port you get Porter Jr. To step up, You know what I mean? They, they got guys who, who are capable obviously Bobby Porters, You know, he find he's still trying to find rhythm, find rhythm and tuning.


'cause he been out for quite some time. But he normally steps up and give them, give 'em great minutes in the absence. Especially of stars like Dane and Giannis when they not in the game. So I think they tried to switch it up though. They started Bobby at the five, You know, brow Brook off. Yes. Try to, they shoulda just, just probably more active, more defensive minded. Bobby can score a little better than Brooke Can play with his back to the baskets. He can do a, he could score in a lot of different ways. Brooke ain't doing, Brooke ain't doing nothing with you three. I ain't never seen a man, I ain't never seen a man. Sam Foot Sam 12 and all he wanna do is stand behind the three point line with, yo I'm being facetious, but I'm like bro, how you set that tall and you've never averaged double digit rebounds in a season.


That's, that's, that's, that's not good, Joe. Yeah, that's not good. Yeah, it, it's not good. I had, I had a chance to play with Brooke. He was an awesome player. He wasn't shooting threes when I was playing with him in Brooklyn. He was just a down low down, You know, back to the basket guy. But dang. I know, I I, I know the bucks hate this. You know, I, I thought they, they did whatever they could. They had a chance to win the game. They helped seven them with 40 seconds off. You can't lose that. You know what I mean? Go back on no play in front of your crowd. Force a game seven man. Anything can happen in game seven And shh. Man listen, it is better to put him out they misery now. Nah, it's better to put him out their misery now listen to Pacers and Pacers played where obviously Halliburton did what he needed to do, but hell, it was a supporting cast.


The that really stepped up. Miles Turner had 21, 21 9 rebounds. Aren Na Smith had 19. God damn TJ McConnell had 18. There was no way. They're team got committee. Yeah. Even, even though, Remember we talked about that the other night. Oh Joe, they gonna have somewhere between five and eight guys and double figures. Damn it. When they win, go look at the box score and see how many guys are double figures. Go ahead Joe. Everybody, everybody putting they hat in the pot to make sure now I don't, I have, well obviously I know because I saw but hell squandering the goddamn eight seven point lead with 40 seconds on the clock. Boy, that's that's on you. That's on you. Yeah. That that ain't, that ain't supposed to ha that's not supposed to happen at this level. Not at, not at this Tyrese Tyree Halliburton had a tweet overrated bat, You know Tyrese, Halliburton, he was the runaway winner, most overrated player of the NBA.


The players voted Tyrese, Halliburton. Yeah, he came back overrated that. Yeah, but a bulletin, bulletin board material. Yeah. Anything. Hey, anything you gotta do to carry a chip that's going to help you compete at your highest level. Yeah. Wear it. You know what I mean? Like, I mean how's like, man look here I was on a, I was on an Olympic team, I've been an all star. I'm led the league in assist, bro. What young? Look, he ain't magic. He ain't gonna ever be magic. He not gonna be step curry, but damn. Yeah, just because can we get, because people like, now Joe, people feel like, well he ain't no magic, he ain't no LeBron. He ain't no damn right. Who is right.


Hold on. There's only a few bro. It's only a few. Hold on. Who the, who the pace is gonna have to face facing in the next series leaving? Yeah. What what's that? What's what, what's that looking like? What you think? Hold on, hold On. The team that just knocked off the heat. Who ain't put up no fight? That boy ain't fighting 55 O Joe. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. Time, time, time out by ma. Heat time out, time out that that's not what happened. That's not what happened. Now this is something that the, the story hasn't, it hasn't come out yet. But what happened was the pre-game meal that the he players ate. Everyone had a stomach virus. Everyone had a stomach virus. That's why they played the way they played.


And it, it looks like they almost gave up but they didn't, everybody was sick and they, You know, the whole team can't sit out so they Oh, They don't almost gave up. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, Ain't no game up when you down by one point by 60 points. When you down by, when you down at one point in the game by 60, you lose by 55. I told, I told you what happened. Everybody had a stomach virus. Yeah. And they, they were forced to play. It was like everybody was playing a flu game. They just knocked. Jordan, Come on Joe. You gotta stop it bro. That I'm telling you. That's what, that's why you think they lost by 55? Yeah. Man, My, I can't believe I couldn't believe that. Man. I, listen, I couldn't, I couldn't believe Not no 60 not in oh 61 in, in no Miami on.


You couldn't see that. Hey. Yeah, everybody stumbled because Here's the thing. Think about, think about how Tyler Hero, he ain't been one shot. So what, lemme ask you this, Joe. Okay, if Tyler Hero doesn't go eight crazy, if, if, if Bam doesn't give you damn near triple double where he give you 19, 11 and nine, where you gonna get your points from? Well them your two best players, they, they gotta step up. Huh? They gotta give you some. They got, they, they gotta, he put up a fight. We gotta at least be in the game. 61. Oh oh hey, at some point in time, hey Julius C pulled up a fight and then he saw he and I mean at some point in time they get the weight limit on you just right.


You just give up. Say, hey, I, I, but hey, you gotta give Cleveland credit though. They, hey they came, they didn't play no game. Donovan came out, You know, with that look in his eyes like okay yeah with the first five minutes we ain't gonna play no game with D boys. Man, the go was 41 14 at one point. And I'm watching this game. Hey listen. Yeah, it's over. It it's like, it's like, it is like lions. It is like lions out there man. In a, in a Sahara and the goddamn hyena engine. Man that's, that was Ma heat that was, listen, there wasn't nothing we could do. But I'm, I will tell you this, I'm gonna tell you what Little Birdie told me. What he tell you? I told gonna have, we gonna have some gangsters coming to Miami next year. Okay. I, I told you about the sit down I had with Pat Riley and Mickey, Aon, You know it's Ftra things are going, ain't Gonna happen.


No Joe. Things are gonna change. I'm telling you about the meeting I had. Oh, Joe personally, Them God God's listen, this a new, you told me. Oh it's a new era of player. You can't do with them like they used to do with us. Right. Pat Riley needs to understand taking cookies and running everything with a iron fist. You think Jannis about to go think about what Janni just came. Let's just say for the sake of argument, Joe Jannis were the lead. Do you understand? They've given Jannis everything except to God dang old Harley Davidson dealer Harley Davidson that's in Milwaukee. They've given him everything. Hey, who knows her Jason kid was going, who knows to goal Adrian Griffin don't have but both brothers team players, they get Yeah, they got his, they got his brother.


Hey, let me tell you, let me come on. Let lemme tell you, lemme tell you what we got to offer Yiannis something that they don't have in Milwaukee. They don't have it in Milwaukee. We got, we gonna offer Giannis Cadillac dealership, we gonna offer Giannis t Tootsies. They don't have Tootsies in Milwaukee. They don't have that. We got South Water. That man freaky if you don't want none of That. We got, we got, we got South Beach. They don't have that. Huh? We got Cardone. We got Club live. Huh? We got Poppy steak. Now listen, I talked, I I talked to Ja Morant last night. I'm not even supposed to, I'm not even supposed to be saying this. And I told Ja, listen, I'm gonna do whatever I can on my end to make sure you get to Miami. Now I don't know what assets we have as heat, as a heat culture to give up, You know, to, to make the trade possible.


But I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do what I can on my end to make sure you get here and I'm gonna make sure you good. So now, now I'm telling you again John, You gonna be in Memphis. I'm telling you. I'm telling you again. And Joe brother Iso what's up When you see Giannis and you see Jamon and the heat jerseys next year. Don't be like, oh Ocho, I ain't believe in you, but you was right. I don't wanna hear nothing. It that, that golden for the chat too. Don't be talking about, oh boy, you be knowing stuff. All right. I tell you, all I'm saying is there that Pat Riley, pat Riley make a make, make assertions and then when he gets you there, he switch up on you and he, there's a reason why. Think about it. Two of his best.


Think about it. D Wade ended up leaving LeBron James left. Jimmy Butler left. Well, You know what, three times the charm. I mean Come on, Shaq left Three times, three times the charm. Pat Riley under Shaq left D Wade left. LeBron left. Jimmy Butler left. You know now for your best, for your best friends in the history of that organization have left. But, and the one thing, the one constant is Pat Riley. Right? See, and he, It's a different age than I know Joe. You cannot talk to these players. Right. But I'm telling you what Pat told me, he's going, he's willing to change his ways because he is has a better understanding that Man. 80. Huh? That man 80. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Change what? Yeah, I'm telling you he gonna evolve. I'm telling you, I had the conversation with him. Lemme Ask you a question. Your grandma ate pork, My grandma. Oh yeah. Yeah. She, well, grandma ate everything eight Even as she got older and the doctor say, and the doctor say, Ms. Johnson, this ain't good for you. I've been eating pork all my life. I I'm gonna leave here somewhere. Yeah. That, that's all. That's all. That's what my doctor's said. That's all. That's All. Exactly. Yeah. That's all. But listen, if Pat is serious about winning, if he's serious about winning and changing the culture in which used to be a winning culture, which made fans excited and wanted us to come to the game, he's going to have to do Right. He's gonna have to change his ways and, and, and, and allow South Beach in the Miami Heat to be yet an attraction where people want to come to.


There's no reason why NBA players when their time is up or if they're, or they're, or if they're to bet traded who doesn't wanna come to South Beach and you can't be the reason they don't wanna come. So he understands he has to change his ways and the way he conducts himself. Hey, I I I'm not necessarily, I don't necessarily think it's like the culture. I think, I ain't gonna lie, the culture was pretty, it, it was all right. I mean, is it strict to some degree? Yeah, but you gotta have talent man. You gotta have some talent. Thank You know what I mean? Like you, the patriot weight, how the patriot way without your arm Brady o Yeah. The culture can be, You know, tight, strict, whatever the case may be. But if you ain't got no talent to go out there and to, to, You know, put on display.


Yeah. It's hard win in this league, man. Yeah, You right, you right, you right. So you Right. Look at, look at, look at that standard is the standard where they ain't got no quarterback in Pittsburgh. They ain't got no rockers. The standard is the standard. I guess you gotta lower that standard something till you got some better gifts, some better players and then they elevate it back up. That's, that's all that come down to it. Come to talent no matter what. Exactly. People, people try to make it old. It's a it's a culture. It's the way they do things. No, it's the way that guy does things. Yeah. It's the way a Tom Brady, it's the way of Ben Berger do things and if you don't have those type players, you can have culture. Culture all you want to. Yeah. Yeah.


It don't work like that. But Pat, you right Pat will have to change some of his ways. The Pistons go to New York and beat the Knicks. Cade Cunningham, 24 points, eight rebounds, eight assist Oau Thompson, 22 points, oh eight of 10 field goals, seven rebounds, two blocks to buy his Harris. 17 8, 4 blocks. Jalen Duren nine points, 14 rebounds, six assist two blocks. The game is really, really close. The Pistons have scored 421 points. The Knicks 4 29 rebounds, 180 Pistons are dominating in this category. 180 2 to 1 48 plus 34, 3 points made three pointers made. 44 for the Pistons, 47 for the Knicks turnovers.


Had it not been for turnover, Detroit might have done won this series. Absolutely. Joe 70 turnover to 46 points in the paint. 1 1 76 to 180 in favor of the Knicks. But the games have been very, very close and who knows had they called that file Sunday? Yeah, we might be having a different conversation today Joe. Yeah. We might be even, even with them squandering away the 21 point lead with letting, letting the nick go in their 21. The 21 old nothing run. But I think this has been a even season this, these are two teams who are pretty even to me if you ask me, but Detroit is just so gritty. The biggest discrepancy. What I see is in the free throws, Aren Detroit.


Detroit shot 16 for 27 tonight. I mean, or the Nick shot 16 for 27 and 59% and Detroit was 26 for 36 from the line. The Knicks Miss 11 free both of Joe. Yeah. The Knicks Miss 11 free throws shooting 59% from the line you lose by one you like, damn. Yeah. They out there competing man. I think, I think Detroit has kinda wore a knick down a little bit. If you just want me to be honest, like this is a bruising series. I mean you look at Brunson, I ain't think he was gonna come back for the game in Detroit, but he did and they end up winning and I think it's just kinda, You know, as game go on, You know, I think he kinda wears him down. That's why I say early in the series, you want to pick him up full court bump and grind all that by the time we get to game six, five.


Yeah, seven, you gonna be broke down a little bit. Oh yeah. T don't warm down during the regular season playing in 43, 44 minutes a night during the regular season. That's what warm down and it don't stop. 'cause in the playoffs he continues, it's not like it stops in the playoffs. You know what I mean? He only got a rotation of seven, eight guys and you ain't got Really that's in the regular season. He might cut that down to six in the post c You know, all they guys were pretty today. They didn't have nobody who kind of, You know, stepped up and separated themselves to, You know, be able to pull this win off. Yeah. But this one, I think this one going seven man. And I got Detroit pulling out at seven. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. You got Detroit.


I got Detroit winning this Mojo. Man, listen, You know the Knicks are not gonna lose this. I listen, I know they, they waned tonight. Listen, listen. Knicks had what, 13 turnovers they missed 11, 11 free throws nigga Jalen Brunson the car town. They were nine, nine for 30, You know, shooting Night Brunson only scoring 16 I think what towns ta towns had 17? I think it was more so the turnovers, even though they, they, they barely lost. I don't think Jalen Brunson has another game like this. He never have another game like this. This was the down game for him, You know, scoring, scoring 17, 16 tonight. But I, I don't, I don't, I don't see, I don't see them losing this game they time and I mean, excuse me, losing this series, You know, it was just a bad night tonight. It was a bad night.


They time, man, they look wore down to me. I'm gonna be honest with you. And to play another guy, go back to Detroit now and, and play, play in Detroit, travel all. Mm. I think they, I think Detroit doing what they want as far as wearing them down, You know, making this a long series is all it's gonna be in Detroit's favor. I don't know. Yeah. If you look at the bench shooter is coming in, giving them great minutes. Malik Beasley Beasley is giving them tremendous minutes. Nice. They had 26 bench points. They outscored him on the bench six 19. So they outscored, they outscored him 26 to 19 on the bench. And you see the difference in the ball game. But I think when Shooter comes in, he does a great job.


He gets Kade Cunningham off the ball, he's making timely shots, he's distributing the ball. Malik Beasley's coming in, making some timely threes. I love Ur Thompson. I love the way he plays. He's aggressive. He can, he can. Hey. And he's a two-way player. Yeah, he can pick you up full court. Hey, he can put the ball on the floor, get to the rim. He's rebounding. I I this day JB Bicker staff has done an unbelievable job with this team and you can see why he was in the running for Coach of the year. I get Kenny Atkinson won. I got no problem with that. They were the best team in the east record wise from start to finish. But what JB Bickerstaff has done with this team and to get them into the, the six C and get them in a situation where they could possibly get out of the first round, he's done a heck a heck of a job and he should be commended because these young guys now they get one more piece.


I still believe they're a piece of weight. Yeah. From truly, truly contending. But they got some young guys. What they got 45 rebounds. They got out rebound a little bit because, but You know you've got a seven foot cat, you got a 6 11, 7 foot Mitchell Robinson. Yeah. And they just got the one big, but give those guys credit, I thought they were gritty. And even though when the Knicks went on that run and passed them up, that's a young team on the road and they kept it together. They kept their poise and they ended up coming back, going their own run. Take the lead lead and never look back. Right. They they were special man. They were special. You gonna have to give, You know, you gonna have to look out for Detroit, give him credit. I don't think K didn't play a great game. He was six or 17 from the field, but for the most part, You know, he controlled the game.


I love his aggression. Yes, yes. He got 12 free throws made 11 of them. So it lets me know, You know, he, he ain't just selling for Joe. He aggressive, aggressive getting to the cup. But yeah, like you say the Thompson kid, eight for 10, You know him getting to the line. He was six for 12 from the line, but he's being aggressive as well. So, You know, Detroit has enough to advance out this series. They just got to be poised and patient, You know, especially down the stretch in closing these games. Hold On, hold on. I so, hold on. Hold. That's the difference. Hold on, hold on. Go ahead. Go ahead Joe. Hold on now because this, this is the second time I heard Joe say this. And not only you saying that Detroit ain't gonna close this series out in seven, but you're saying it with confidence.


Like how, how, how much do you really believe in in the Pistons? I'm, I'm just curious. I believe I believe in him a lot or Ocho. They young, they, they ready for the moment. They understand the moment. I mean they done went in the, they done went in the garden and won two games, bro. I mean we talk, we talk about, we talk about Big Body Brunson, right. Carl, Anthony Towns, Josh Hart. Yeah. Yeah. You sure? You sure about that? Yeah, them boys, them boys knives, they play hard. I, I like it but I think they down o I'm gonna be honest with you Man. Okay, well I'm, I'm saying you, you, you willing to put some money on that or what you trying to do? Oh man. I know you should probably still owe up. Man, I, I don't even know if I ain't no problem do, I'm sorry to bring up somebody to get in somebody else pocket, but it's hard for me to bet with you brother.


I'm sorry I don't what you want. Come On. Alright. Check, check this out. Check this out. Check it out. Let's say, let's let bet 5,200 BET 52 Oh Oh me. Hey, hey. Hey, Joe. Trying to move, trying to move in. Dead over you. Yeah. Hey, hey. Nah, I ain't going ojo. You can try somebody else, bro. Hey, hey, hey Ojo. Ima have something funny though. They got this pickleball tournament man. And I need a partner where I know you ain't do nothing with them hips. You ain't gonna move around with? Nah, I got nothing for you got, I got bad hips and bone on bone in my left knee.


Hundred. Yeah, a hundred grand to the winning team Ocho. Oh, well who I'm gonna play man, they gonna beat the hell at y. Who gonna play? Who I'm gonna play with? You gonna play with? Hey Joe. What? Hey, hold on. They gonna beat the hell out. Y you don't even know you hip. Hold on, Hold on. Hey Joe. Boy, you seen me play tennis, right? No, I ain't seen. Boy listen, I played, but listen, I I'm telling you, I listen, I lie for you before I lie to you. Now I could play some tennis, the clips. You can see the clips and the uncle vouch for me, people in the track and vouch for me. I played tennis growing up. I'm very good at tennis. So switching to pickleball. Hey, I'm gonna be all over the court, bro. I'm telling you Joe, you just asked that man. You say, Hey Ocho, come down here and play this.


You got this pickleball tournament? Yeah, I thought it, I thought it was OI thought it was solo. O Ocho Say who? Who Ball. Hey, hold on. What's the date? Let let me know. I'm, I'm gonna be ready. Hello Ocho. It it's in the Hamptons though. Ocho What's that? It's in the Hampton Sag Harbor. Upstate. Upstate. I say who? Don't worry about it, Joe. Hold on, hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm learning about history. I'm learning about my history. Where, where the Hamptons at? It's upstate New York. Oh, that's right there. How far, how far that from the Bronx like Queens. Oh, how far that is? You got a helicopter? I ain't getting on the helicopter out there. I ain't getting no Oh, You could, oh you could drive it probably.


I I'm assuming it's probably a couple hours. A couple, maybe an hour, hour and a half. Yeah. Oh, Okay. I'm I'm But Joo movement like that. You like that Boy, you ain't that boy. You better go, you better YouTube me boy. Defeat don't play. Hey, listen, listen, I I play tennis on the big court. My ladder movement is phenomenal. It's like I'm still 22 years old. Right. But then you think about pickleball, the court is so small, so it takes me to get from one end to the other if I'm playing solo in like three steps. Yeah. Yeah. So my, my short area, my short area quickness is still there. Nothing has really changed. Okay. I'm still, I still got my, I'm still real twitchy, so I'm excited. Just let me know the date so I can block those off. I'm ready. I got You.


Yeah, we get Wait, how, wait, how, how much? How much? How much? We went a hundred thousand? Yes. I it's, it's, it's 90 minutes. It's 90 minutes. It's a 90 minute drive. We Oh. Oh, that, that ain't bad. The Hampton A lot. But most people, most people owe you, most people take That sound, that sound like it costs too much. I drive, I can get a rent car for $60. I promise you if you got a house in the Hampton, you not worried about no costing a helicopter. Oh, you probably A helicopter. I don't time by time I hold it. The Hampton's like for the rich folk, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Joe, you got, you got a house in the Hamptons? What? Nah, I got some people over there. I know some people who know some people, You know what I'm saying? Like, we good. Okay. Okay, okay. Like, like rich, like rich people.


Huh? I know some people Ocho ar okay. You know, you can, but we, we gonna have plenty of room. We have some room now. You know, y'all can come down and have Yeah. You know what I mean? When is when, Hey, it is in June. When is it, I'm gonna give y'all the date, so I'm gonna send y'all the date. So I'm gonna have, y'all might, I'm like, hey, I need, I need a, I need a place I can let my hair down and I can relax and laugh at OCHO when he go out there and the ball hit his Head. Oh no. Now, now You know, I know how to place a Hey jokes. Ping pong. Ping pong. I'm the Liberty City Ping pong champ in Overtown too. I'm Ping. I'm him. I'm, I'm, they call me. And That's Ocho Ocho who you think they call to train the Asian to play table tennis.


Ocho. Who? Oh, you can't play no table tennis. You can't even see you wear glasses. Hey, Hey. Hey Chad. Chad, do me a favor, Chad, y'all send Joe on Twitter and Instagrams send him some clips of me playing tennis so he understands how good I am. All right. Okay. All right. Yeah, Yeah. Pickle ball. You ain't good. But I like, I Joe, I agree with you. I think this gonna be a seven game series. I do think, I think the Pistons are gonna tie this thing up. Three three and they're gonna come back. Now this is not gonna be a good look for the, for the Knicks if they lose this series, because remember they had to lead on, on the last year they had to lead on the Pacers and the Pacers win game six, and then they go into Knicks and go into game seven and they blow 'em out on their home court.


Ooh. I don't know. Tibs lose this one. Yeah, might be you might be in trouble. Might be in the hot seat, but yeah, that's, wait, that's, that's, that's just my gut feeling. I like how the pistols playing. Look, every game you ain't gonna win. Every game is not gonna be pretty, you gotta win some ugly games, You know? Yeah. And I think tonight was one of those ugly games that they ended up pulling out and that ain't nothing but You know, more experience for they young team over there, especially on the road. Yeah. It's one thing to win a close game at home, but you go on the road into a hostile environment. Yeah, we know, understand what Madison Square, MSG, we understand what that is and that's a gritty team to niche and to go in there and get a hard fought victory.


Pistols got a lot of confidence. The Celtics blows out the magic game five. Jason Tatum was sensational, 35 points, eight rebounds, 10 assist Celtics are 71 all time in the playoffs when they record, when he records 10 assist Jason t's last three game. He went 35 8 and 10 37, 14 and 3 36, 9 and four. He's playing like that. And then you got Jalen Brown gave you 23 and six. It's gonna be, Hey, stop him. Hey, it, it, it, You know what, and, and Joe, it's, it's almost unfair, man.


The self, it's, it, yeah. It's, yeah. It's almost unfair just watching him. I I I think about fair play when it comes to salary cap and, and it's like how do you have all these players? Not only do you have all these players that are good, not, not just the starting five, the goddamn bench Yeah. Comes in and they Got Peyton pri, Sam Houser, And they, and they don't miss a beat. Obviously the game of basketball is the game of Rons, but you don't feel bad about subbing or having people coming in and out the game because you understand what you getting once your starters go out, it, it, it is unfair and I, it it, I I hate to jump the gun, but I'm, I'm sure it's fair for me to be able to say, and I'm sure the chat would agree with me, that the nces are probably gonna end up winning the NBA championship again.


And if they keep, if they keep, if they keep the same squad together, there's a chance they win that motherfucker getting next year too. It's possible. It's possible. The guys coming off the bench, man, they barely missed shots tonight. I mean, they, they wasn't playing with Orlando. They was ready to close. Man Orlando had a lead and next thing I know they're down by 20. I'm like, what the hell happened? You know, because hey, I couldn't get in the game. So I'm watching, I'm watching on my phone and You know, the thing is, and then, and it don't go, so, You know, I, I forgot. Did I hit the little back arrow on Joe? Yeah. That thing I left. No, no. What happened? Yeah, I and Orlando need a, they need a point guard over there with Ben Car and Wagner involved.


Yeah. They, they need a, they do they need a PG over there. Jalen Sugg and Dorman Point guard. I don't know why they play Cole. I, I don't know Cole Anthony might have been hurt by been gave, he gave him some decent minutes. He gave him some decent minutes. Not enough though. But I'm saying I, he didn't play a whole lot. The series, he played this, it seemed like he played this game out of desperation. You know what I'm saying? It's like we ain't, Hey, let's, let's throw all we got because he ain't been playing on the record. Because I watched him like, well dad, what songs I know. Excuse me. Cole Anthony s up is Nick. Yeah, currently Jaylen Brown had 23.6 rebounds. Boston has won 16 straight playoff games when he scored 20 or more points.


That's crazy, man. They got a two headed of Monster. 'cause think about it. No, you got JT and jb you got Derrick White that can give you give solid 20. You got Pingus that can give you 20. You got holiday that's gonna play on both ends of the court and can give you somewhere 12 or 16. You got Al Horford Big Al. Yeah. Ain't no tell. Hey, he gonna play outstanding defense. He gonna rebound you. He gonna hit some shots, gonna give you, You know, can give you double digits. Then you get Payton pri coming off the bench. You get Cole Hauser coming off the bench. They, they, they, they got a a, a cornet. They got a bunch of guys chipping in, man. A bunch of guys chipping in. That's that championship pedigree. They know they roles, they play it to the t. They starred their post. It's gonna be tough to beat them in a seven game series.


I don't care who you are. Yeah. Dang. JJ Reddick said fatigue wasn't a factor in the Lakers lost Sunday night. Reddick became the first coach to use the same fire for an entire half up game since at least 1998. As far back as substitution tracking goals, JJ said today our two best players missed layups at the rim. And I don't think they missed lift because they were tired. I spoke to everyone yesterday. They would've potentially played the second half. And they all understood there was no issue with that. Los LA has been outscored 1 0 5 to 69 in the fourth quarter of this series, they're shooting 25 of 78 of 32%. Hey, That's what Hey.


Yes. The the famous phrase, yes. When you play sports fatigue makes a, makes a fool of us all Makes power to us all. Yes. Yeah. That, that, that, that too easy. Layups. Easy layup. Easy layup. Layups. That's fatigue. Fatigue. Lack of concentration. Yes. Lack of focus. One of the easiest shots to make. That's fatigue. Yeah. Yes. Come on man. Come on, come on jj. Come on Man. 'cause you're asking LeBron like I, listen, I don't care what LeBron says. I don't care what he says. He's playing. He played 46 minutes on 40-year-old legs. Yeah. There's a reason why he only took two shots.


He had zero points in the fourth quarter. Yeah. He was exhausted. Hey, and it's physical. Luca played. Yes, because you gotta bang Julius Randall, you gotta chase somebody. It's not like you just standing out there like you a traffic cop. You gotta move. Look, you see Airman out there taking the challenge. They have a whole s shoving match out there that takes energy bro to do that. You know, he ain't Oh yeah. Trying just walk down to the block, catching on your spot and get comfortable. He fighting and then you fight me down to this spot. By the time you get the ball, you gonna be a little exhausted. And that's that whole plan. Just wrestl him, wear him down. Man. You can't play no whole half of no NBA basketball, play off basketball and don't think with that intensity, with the focus that's required.


Stretch. Yes. That, that, that I I'll say that definitely was fatigue for me. I mean, I just seen catalyst mistakes for sure. You know, catalyst mistakes and what, what were they, what was he supposed to say? Of course you're not gonna say fatigue because you allowed those guys to play that many minutes. Right. So that would make you look bad. Of course you're not gonna say fatigue wasn't part of it because it was your decision. I disagree. I think most people would disagree with you that fatigue was an issue. There's a re if if if it, if fatigue wasn't an issue, team would be playing that guys 40 for 24 minutes in the second half all the time. Nobody does that. Yeah. Nobody does that for a reason, this stuff. But but listen but listen, unc, hey uncle and Joe, nobody does that for a reason.


But in the Lakers situation they don't have a choice but to do it. They even have, they even have a chance To be able to compete. They got six points from the bench. They got six points from the bench. And theoretically wasn't the bench because Fannie Smith played the entire second half. Yeah, it is. So the problem that they're running into is that Minnesota is able to play Rudy Gobert for 20 minutes. They can't play Jackson, Jackson Hayesville for six. So now you bring, now you put LeBron at the five. Now he has to bang Julius Randall or he has to, You know, so, so at some point in time, Gabe Vincent Jackson age Yeah. He's lost all confidence in don't connect 'cause he doesn't don't connect his DMP coaching decision.


Yeah. And he might can help him by spacing the floor and knocking down some threes. But he can't remember his defensive assignment. He can't remember the rotation of what he's supposed to do. Do I hedge, do I go with the road? What do I do? Do I, do I and I think so jj I think it's a lot of pressure on the perimeter guys too. Austin Reeves, Luke, it's a lot of pressure on them. Not only to score but to defend. Lemme tell you something. In in this atmosphere, playoff atmosphere, if you can't guard the first dribble or two to give, to give yourself some time to where we can at least get eyes on the man or give you a little help then win. Yeah. When you getting beat off the first move Ocho man we can't get help there fast enough to help you Man, look, they getting the paint, they getting in the teeth eye defense and doing whatever they want.


'cause look, if they get past the guards, our back line defenses bro and do Finney Smith and Yeah. Oh ru yeah. And then like, You know, you have no, you have Nori protection. Yeah. You know, you, you, you, you in scramble mode every defensive possession and it's just tough man. It's just gonna be hard for 'em to win. I think the size that, that the Timberwolves have may taken advantage of it. Mm. I agree with you Joe. I think the thing is what's happening is that first of all, Luca can't stop nobody after first dribble. So they getting around him and so when you bring him guys getting, put the guys that's in the dunker spot of getting wide open shots and a shoot around threes. So now, and then Aman, Aman to keep saying he keep Officer Reeds or he keeps Ru or he keeps Lu in the Pickett road.


No I want him. Right. Bring him to me and then they letting him play one-on-one. You can't let Aman play one-on-one. He's a supreme skilled one-on-one player. You've gotta make him play team ball, make somebody else beat you. Especially just like tonight we saw Jamal Murray get hot. He had 43 just like Handman. Yeah. And what happened? They let him play one-on-one. Okay. You let a guy get hot and you let it play 1 0 1. Yeah, I'm sorry. I think what has happened is by them trap trapping at man or kind of putting him in this little cage to You know, make him get a ball up. He's the right plays. Okay. Ocho and them guys are making the Lakers pay. Whether it's McDaniels getting dunks or threes or Randall, You know, making the right play when he catch at the free throw line where he attacking the basket 'cause they ain't got no rim protection and he's getting to the line shooting free throws or whatever he, he, he he wants.


And then in the fourth quarter when an man see, he know he can beat the double team anytime he wants. So he starts beating the double team and he starts putting an onus on the Lakers as far as getting in the paint, making plays, shooting the threes. And now you can't stop that. And, but here's the thing though Joe is that if you go back and look at Sunday's game, he's raising up shooting threes from distance. Yeah. Trap him, get the ball outta his hand. See I wanna make guys, I wanna make, let's see if Jay Jay McDaniel can make those plays in the fourth quarter with five minutes to go. I know Ant Man can beat me. Ant man an Antman is one of the five or six great best players in the NB. So I know what he's more than capable of doing. Right. Okay. Let's see, let's see what you got Judge mc, Jay McDaniel.


You got that? I Think you, I Think you can do it. He's, he's shown this. He is shown and proven this series that well I see it again. Gonna see it again in there. I wanna see it. He gonna be open. That man gonna be confident. He gonna take his shots. He going to attack the basket. I think defensively, when he plays great defense, it kind of fuels his offense. You know what I mean? Yeah. Think that's kind of all of them. And if You know Minnesota, they guards, they don't give up a lot of easy points. I know Luca can go on the run. I know ar can get hot but for the most part they sit down and guard man. Yeah. They sitting in the guard. Yeah. Every, every, But see the difference is, is that Luke is shooting over the top, those guys are breaking you down getting to the basket.


So there's a difference. And look, there's a greater chance that that you're gonna miss that 27, 28 footer than me missing this, this layup. Yeah, because you see what's happening and is finishing at the rim or they're following him. Yeah. They ain't got no trouble. Guys are finishing. We really don't have, I mean, Luca can beat you off the dribble, but it's not, it's because of of savviness. He ain't gonna just, he ain't gonna just and buy you. Yeah. He gonna hurt you jerky. You know he gonna sit down on your, he going hey, step through your off the glass and stuff like that. We got this tomorrow night though. Oh what Here we, here we go. Here we go again. Got this tomorrow night though Joe. So hold on, hold on.


You said Lakers in five right? So obviously that's not there. There's no chance for that. So you still feel the Lakers have a chance to win this series? Come on. Can, can you And you, you really believe that though? I'm, I'm gonna ask seriously. No, I don't believe that he just going with it. 'cause he been rolling with 'em all all year. We wait. Oh hold on, hold on Jon here. You say we ain't gonna win 'em all night? Nah, don't, I don't got y'all. I got Minnesota coming in there. I got them coming to la la land throwing a whole party up in the crypto And You know what happen if y'all lose tomorrow. Right.


Ain't nothing happen because we not, I'm just saying, You know what's going to, I'm hypothetically speaking, do You know what happens if y'all lose? I don't do hypotheticals. I don't do hypotheticals Can't. Hypothetically, if I slip in my garage I'll be a remain. But guess what? Hypothetical since you that's so if you sleep in your garage, you a cop. Nope. Nah, I nah, you, you, you a fool. Yeah because you should be inside of the bed. So that's why I'm at. But puts up on it Joe. It ain't make you nervous. What you want? I bet. Yeah, You can't bett nobody bet you earn your stripes Money. I earned him. I earned my stripes. I wore stripes over a helmet.


Stripes of helmet. You like, what'd you call him? Hey, you remember players club with St. Louis would played Dollar bill with a a a dollar bill would play St. Louis and he come cut running out there. They doing something. Little man they would tear him up. Had his head all in the car with the, put the cigarette out on his nose. Yeah. Hey, hey help he going Come on man. Yo, yo. Your your, your rap sheet. Ain't that good right now, brother. Oh man. Yeah. Nah, my rap, she good. I listen the only person I ain't paid back is unc. Everybody else done got they done got they due. Damn. Yeah. Let go be, You know what, You know what?


Let's better, let's better dinner Chocolates bet dinner Man. Y'all be, y'all be sorry man. Oh Here he go. Nah. Hey because because he already know when they see Mr. Sharp on the thing, they already go and cut that, that 10 ounce, the Wagu a five. They already know when I come they go and cut that thing out because they already know what I'm going. 10 ounce. Who That Wagu? A five. Wow. Top Line Ocho. Yeah. Yeah Wagyu. Yeah. Yeah. I knew it. Dang got that at McDonald's baby? No, I'm saying I I I had some of the, the wa the Wagyu from, I went somewhere and I told uncle about it. I had they like, they brought it to the table. It was like in little strips.


Little strips. Poppy. Yeah. Pa Yeah, Poppy's that poppy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I was, I was on a, on on a, a little date. Yeah. Yeah. Luca Donit has stepped up to pay for the entire expected cost of Restore, restoring a vandalized mow depicting Kobe and Gigi Bryant in downtown LA. He made a donation date to cover the entire goal of a GoFundMe page created by artist Louis Pacino. He wants to restore the mu mural title Mambas forever at 14th and Main Street. Luca, it's always been important to give back to the community. They gave me so much so I just want to give back. They miss the mul up.


I don't know why they come On and they, they listen man, they aint, they don't respect nothing, not them Man. People don't even care no more about nothing. Man. I thought y'all, I thought they look no matter, no matter how beloved or great you were, somebody is not gonna take it. Somebody, everybody going, everybody don't like everybody. So you just, we just gotta come to that conclusion like man Kobe. I thought yeah, most people do like Kobe, 90% of the people in LA love Kobe. Hey But ain't gonna be, there's never a such a situation where it's all or every Yeah. So once you remove all of every from your vocabulary Right, you be good.


I just, just thinking about it man, obviously the passing of one of the greatest to ever play the game and to still mess up the tragic passing. Yeah, the tragic passing. But the, to even bother the mural with great understanding what Kobe means for that, for that city, what he's done for the Lakers organization and and the people of LA to even want to vandalize a mural is beyond me. Yeah. Beyond me. It's crazy. I agree. I agree. Yeah. It's more, it says more about them than, than I mean, I mean think about what it takes to go vandalize something. Yeah. You ain't got nothing going on in your life just to be destroyed. I don't know. Yeah. You, you destroy some property that ain't that that, that you didn't buy that you didn't, it is not yours.


People always destroy you. Hey you wanna destroy something, destroy your head And that's ridiculous man. Oh don't mess with they, they wanna go viral. We in the a anything you do go viral, they gonna catch, they catch the right person on the wrong day and they gonna be viral. Damn man. Yeah. Goddamn damn Kobe boy. Stefan Castle is the recipient of the Wilt Chamberlain trophy, the 2025 Kia NBA rookie of the Year. Spurs have won back to back or MVPs Castle 25. Victor Winman Yama 24 and they're the first teammates to go back to back since, You know, with Ocho, who's the last teammate to go back to back, back to back.


Rookie of the rookie of the year teammates. Damn. Andrew Wiggins and Carl after the times. Don't worry, don't turn your head, you turn your head the other way, it's still gonna be correct. Hey, I like Spurs though. They got, they got a promising future. You know, they, they, they get some help over there. They gonna be all listen because women, because think about it, You know they got Spurs, I mean Win want it Castle not want it. David Robinson won it. Tim Duncan won it. So they've had four, four Rookie of the year. Yeah. Hey and about two years win might be the best thing in the league.


He, he, he incredible. He, I mean for me, he, he shoots a little bit too many threes for me. I'm like, hey, get your big long, tall butt died down that block and shoot, turn over one of your shoulders. But hey that's, that's where, that's where these guys are. Yeah. According to there have been whispers around the league that the San Antonio Spurs could be a c potential landing spot for one. Kevin Durant, you like Wimpy and KD together? I do, I do. Hey, it, it look like he going somewhere in Texas but I, I would love to see K KD and Win. Oh, Nicole Harrison gonna try to make a move for him in Dallas. Yeah. Yeah.


I don't know what he, I don't know what he, I don't know if in terms of draft picks, now we know he got one of the, one of the Lakers draft picks. I don't know if that's enough. I don't know if, if the Spurs won that draft pick and one of those be Lively or Gifford or a, or a or somebody else because he's really, he wants to compare, he wants to pair Kyrie ad and Candy. Well Phoenix tried Phoenix. The one tried to trade him. It wasn't like he asked for no trade KD trade. So no they probably, they'd probably be willing to, You know, do something. I can't see 'em, I can't see 'em not trading them, You know what I mean? They probably ain't gonna get actually what they want but they'll probably get something. No, you're not gonna get what you gave up on.


Absolutely all those draft picks. And they gave up players, they gave up Who? I say they gave up draft picks, You know they gave up Mikel Bridge and Cam Johnson and they gave, and they probably, I think they gave up like four first round picks, three or four first round picks and it didn't work out. But you said, You know what, we gonna win the championship. That's gonna be the last pick in the draft, yada yada yada. I'm not worried about it. Now what happens when you don't, you don't even make the playoffs and what you could get to rebuild that goes to somebody else. Right. So I, I told, You know what I'm saying? I buy all these blocks and I Yeah man, my house gonna be so nice when I get this thing. They're like, no, no, no, no, no, no. Them blocks that you just bought, they belong to me. Lemme go and get those.


I, I like let lemme go and get those pieces that you was going burn your house with. Now let me get that. I St I still like Katie, I still like Katie going to OKC now. I'm not sure how far OKC goes in in The playoffs. I don't gonna Okc, I, I'm, I'm, I just, I think, I think the pairing of him And Sam pre Sam pre like nah that's, that's, that's done going on. You didn't tell because look, they looking at it like hold on bro. If you talk, if we knew you was gonna leave, because think about it, a lot of times when you have a great player you want to trade. If he know he leaving I'm gonna trade you 'cause I'm gonna get some conversation. Right. KD walked down the door and they ain't get nothing for him. Yeah. Think about what you coulda got for KD six years ago, 6, 5, 6 first round picks.


He walked out the door and you got nothing. Yeah. Yeah. And they were able to rebuild it. A lot of that had to do with Shaa because think about what the Clippers gave up to get Paul George, think about what the Rockets gave up to get Ru they traded Chris Paul. So they just whoop and Sam the, what you can say whatever you want about Sam Presty. He did draft kd, he did draft Russ, he did draft Harden, Ibaka, Reggie Jackson, Steven Adams, Jalen Williams, all those, all those. Chad Holmgren, all those guys. He made the trade for, he could pull the team younger.


Now he got great talent. He got a great alpha talent. Ocho I don't, I don't see that Ocho No, I just, I I see OKC doing really well in this playoffs this year. Right. Wanna get kd bro? What you, what what'd you think? Okay, what ahead, finish Your thought. I wanna say which thing about KD coming to Miami with Ja and, and Giannis Did that man, just take The Volume.