
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Holiday Magic is in the air, and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more, and deals to make your budget bright, finds the perfect shoes for you and yours at A DSW store near you, or dsw.com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cashback adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. And a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches, perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments, or the flocked starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor. Subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Let's pop. And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You, Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBH Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Bo Nicks was incredible today. Ocho, he threw for a career high 307 yards, and he is the first one of three Bronco rookie quarterbacks to ever throw four touchdowns in a game. I think the first was Marlon Briscoe, 1968. He was also first black quarterback to start a game. Nick completed nine pass. He completed passes to nine different receivers. The Broncos offense totaled 400 yards over 400 yards. No turnover was two. The Bronco scored touchdowns on three of his first four possession and their first possession of the second half. Nick has nine touchdown passes, including one to and one Russian touchdown with just run interception. In his past four games, he has thrown two interceptions.


Wow. Since week two and since the start of October. Nick's lead all rookies, all with passing 1,615 yards, 13 passing touchdowns. OCHO could bow Nicks beat out Jayden Daniels for offensive Rookie of the year. You know, it's a possibility. It's a possibility if you could string together more games like this, I think it could happen. But again, I think it's gonna be a tall fe and gonna be a tough task because Jayden Daniels is playing extremely well. Jayden Daniels is playing extremely well. As opposed, I think he's, he's coming Ja, Jayden's coming off a loss, if I'm not mistaken. I think they had back to back losses, didn't he? Yeah, Right.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he ain't taking the backseat. I mean, bow played unbelievable. Oh Yeah. Played unbelievable. And I'm not so sure the stats aren't, aren't too far apart. Now I know Jay Jayden got off to the great start. He had some impressive, you know, national televised game. We saw him on that Monday night Ocho when he had that dine throw to McClure and they ended up beating Cincinnati and Cincinnati. So they've had some big wins. But Bo Nick's, Bo Nick's numbers are really good when you look, when you look at it, when you look at the way he's played. Yeah. And the Broncos are six and five with chance. Look, we all believe that Kansas City will probably win that division, but the Chargers are right.


The right there. Look like they could potentially make the playoffs. But I wouldn't think, I don't think the Broncos are out of it either. No, they, they, they're, they're not Bo Nicks has played really well. And I think we also, we'd also need to give kudos to somebody that we jumped on a lot, you know, as a coach. Yeah. The way, the way, the way he's coached and the way he's conducted himself when it comes to, comes to talking and, and, and, and dealing with players. He's done a phenomenal job with Bo Nicks, Sean Payton, you know, kudos to you, salute to you and what you've been able to do with do with Him and turn that Broncos team around offensively and obviously defense. You know what you're gonna get from those boys. But offensively you never know what you can do with a rookie quarterback. And he has Bo Nicks playing really got well.


So, Sean, Peyton, I wanna give you, give you your flowers as a quarterback whisperer that they say you are, that, that you've done a hell of a job hell of a goddamn job. Russ is playing well, but for whatever reason. Yeah. Yeah. He and Sean just didn't mesh. No, It was oil and vinegar. It was whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever things that don't go together. That was It. Gravy and ice cream, I don't know. Whatever, whatever, whatever you wanna put on, Joe. They just didn't go together. Now, I don't know if it was what Sean had heard about Russ before he got there and he didn't give him a chance. I don't know what it was, but this offense looks different.


Ocho Yeah, completely. It looks different. Now, granted, Bo Nick is a little bit, is a lot more athletic at this juncture than Russ is now. We know what Russ was when he first got into league. He, he was effing Houdini. He was, it was improv and a lot of Seattle. It got to where at the end that it was all improv for Russ that in order for a Seattle offense to play the work, Russ had to be Houdini. He had to be a ma a a magician. Yeah. But as you know, Ocho as you get older and some of that athleticism starts, Dwayne. Yeah. You gotta be that much better in other areas, huh? Yes. Yes. And you look at Russ, Russ looks different.


He looks like he's playing with more confidence. It's great to have somebody that believes in you. He believe Mike Tomlin believes in it. Yeah. He believes in him. Gave him that chance. Wow. Oh, oh, Ocho, we got an update. Jamar chase his angry with the team's inability to close our game. Ask how do you fix it? He said, ask Zach, ask the coaches. Don't ask me. I just play football. I don't call plays. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Who said that? Chase? Oh shit. There was a situation where they had a first, they had, they ended up getting the first down.


Right. But Joe missed Jamar for a touchdown. Guys pressed the inside release and the guys collided. Yeah. And he went straight up the field and when he threw it, he was jumping up and down. Joe didn't see it. I tweeted it. Yeah, I saw it. They didn't replay it, but I saw it. Yeah, I saw it. Sometimes, you know, your quarterback won't always see everything. He won't know what's going to happen. And the fact that the guys collided, that means the ball really wasn't come to you anyway. No, because you, you, you wasn't to read, you Know, and hold on, on that touchdown, that ojo lemme just slipped my mind. O which One?


Which one, which one? On the long touchdown to t Higgins. Yes, sir. They got him bracketed. Why? If the safety is inside, why is the corner trying to jump the slug on stay on the up shoulder? Oh, he, he trying get that pick. He trying to get that pick, huh? Oh, oh, oh. Somebody said they replayed it. I didn't see it, but I, but I, I, but I, I tweeted immediately, and I know, I was like, bro, y'all got to play off. You can't be that close when you got there. Because what's gonna happen when he pushes up the field and one guy goes, and Hey, y'all gonna collide.


And sure enough, but that's his frustration. He knows, he knows they're running outta games and there are no two win games on the schedule. No, sir. Which mean what? I mean, when people say two win game, a game in which you win and you get two victories for it, there aren't any of those on the schedule. Right. So he knows this was a game. This could have started something, something really, really, really, really good. Now look, and, and the thing is ojo, you know, you don't wanna go into the buy with a loss, with a loss. I'm that, oh, that, that o that, that, that ruin your whole body. I don't care what anybody say, they lying. If they said, don't, it does. It's gonna sting, it's gonna stink.


And then, you know what it does too also? Huh? It put that much pressure on you. It put that much more pressure on you on the game coming up. Who, who? We got stealers, right? Yep. Yeah. But y But y'all got a bi week this week. And t Higgins, t Higgins was frustrated with the ERs say he, we can't finish the effing game. Yeah. Them boys hot boy. Them, them boys hot. But what we need to do, it ain't even about finishing the game. We need to start that motherfucker first. But it ain't, we didn't start where we had the opportunity to finish it And we missed Out back to backfield goes down. Yeah. And the same way you hooked it left. Damn bro. You didn't make no adjustment.


Hey, listen, the most di the most difficult, one of the most difficult positions on the field is kicker. It is kicker. You know, one slight adjustment, one slight mistake, a swing of the leg, you not keeping your head down at the ball. You know, allowing your, allowing your foot to, to sway a little further left than it should. It changes the tra trajectory of the ball. So as a, as a kicker myself, I understand the difficulties that comes when it comes to kicking the ball, right? So Mc, fear, all you gotta do, you go back to your basics. Same thing with Justin Tucker. You go back to your basics, go back to your basic fundamentals. When, when it comes to kicking the ball and start all the way over, hey, start all the way over and be yourself. Back up. Mike Brown gonna kick himself in the ass because boy chase about to hit them over the head.


Oh yeah. Big time. Big time. They don't big time. And the thing is, he ain't even got no mask. Y'all know it's him. So when you hear something pitch in the back of the head, just tell the cops he j Jamar Chase just robbed us. Yeah. And matter of fact, you know, it's funny. It wouldn't, it wouldn't even be a robbery. No. Well, no. Well deserved. Yeah. He earned that Ocho And think about it, Ocho you lost a game like that and you gotta get a think about what time you gonna get back in the morning. Oh Yeah. And you gotta take that long ass flight back. Matter of fact, you know what, I should go, I should go be waiting now. I should go. Wait, wait for them boys at the gate. Man, Go ahead.


No, the state. No. Hey, the stadium right here. 30, 30 feet from me. If I look at my window, the state I'm, I'm right next to the Stadium. Well, I look out my window and say, hey, no, I'm gonna be asleep. Yeah. You gotta realize, hold on, it's one o'clock. Oh, they ain't getting home. They ain't even left yet. You don't think so? Hell No. The game ended two hours ago. The game ain ended on two hours ago. The game ended at 8 47. So they give you an hour to leave from the stadium. The bus normally leave an hour after the game in. That's 9 47. Okay. By the time you get to the airport. Okay. Now guess what? So they haven't left yet. Okay. So Guess what Ocho it's still one o'clock on the east coast. Y'all in, y'all in, in central time, right?


Ohio, central or Eastern? Yeah, if, oh, so if, if after one 10, that's a four hour flight, you ain't getting home till five o'clock. Matter of fact, I meet them boys when I wake up because you know, I get up at five in the morning. How Far, how far is the flight from LA to Cincinnati? Oh, four hours. 20 minutes. Oh, 20 minutes. Maybe three hours. Maybe three hours, 45 minutes because it's four hours and 20 to Miami. Well, Well first of all, how did, how, how they, how they on the plane if they're still talking to the media? I mean, you know those media clips not live? Huh? They live actually look at 'em. Oh, they, oh, it's Live? Yeah. Oh. And they still mad, But hell yeah.


You, you know, the media give you a little time to cool off. Take your little shower, take whatnot. Shower. Yeah. So you, so you don't say the wrong thing. That's okay. I'm still mad. Hey, I'm still mad, man. You know losses like that, don't you? Yeah. Especially like that. And you know, you could've, you could've won and you should have won. Yeah. Yeah. Mad please. I ain't getting over that anytime soon. And hey, and I ain't fitting what you call them and Hey, don't talk. I don't wanna talk to nobody. What the hell we talking about? Yeah, you Right. What we gotta, what we gotta discuss, besides we, and because here's the thing, Ocho, you know, you guys done said that A, the AFC run through Cincinnati.


The it's gonna run through Cincinnati if you're not in the playoffs. Who said that? Don't worry about it. Y'all talk. Yeah. You know, y'all, y'all been doing, y'all been doing some talking though, Ocho Hey, you know what? I, you know what I think, honestly, what you think? I'm not, I'm not trying to put no pressure or, or say nothing. Chat y'all, y'all stay with me real quick. I think offensively, I think if we can get, if we can squeeze even with the, even with the, the, the very suspect defensive play, I think we could squeeze in, in find us a wild caught spot. We would be a team that a team really wouldn't wanna face because of what we can do. How You gonna squeeze in there with that defense? You know, you gotta bring your defense, don't you? That's why I just, that's why I just talked about the defense first.


That's before I even said it. That's what, before I even said it. If we can get, hey, that defense we had in the second half, I don't know where them boys was at. Yes, I, but man, we, we Need to. But you gotta understand the ojo, when you get that kind of lead teams call games differently because I don't wanna do anything for, I don't wanna get records with the football. I'm not really trying to put my quarterback in harm's way. Run a whole lot of scat protection and leave him vulnerable. Because the last thing I wanna do is a scoop and score or a pick six. So you get a little bit more conservative. See What That means when a team just opens up the playbook on their ass. Yeah. They go up and down the field. Yeah. That, that also tells me they don't trust their quarterback too.


Oh y Oh yeah, but yeah, but that's, but that's Harbaugh. He gets conserv, he gets conservative about Joe. Right. But Damn my fingers man, Fuck the Packers defeat the bears. 20 to 19 with a block field goal. Caleb Williams had 231 passing yards in his first game with new offensive coordinator Thomas Brown, who replaced Shane Waldron, who was fired on Tuesday. Chicago's ground ground game, had a strong day gaining 179 yards, rushing with Williams accounting for 70 of that and two touchdowns. Chicago's heartbreaking defeat is the 11 straight and the oldest rivalry in the NFL. And this is fourth straight this season.


Excuse me. The win moved coach Matt LaFleur to 11 and oh against the Bears. The Packers continue to struggle in the red zone. The Green Bay ended the day ranked 29th and red zone touchdown percentage. They went three for five in the red zone against Chicago. Jordan Love was 13 or 17. 2 61 1 Touchdown won the receptions. They ran the ball 25 times for 106 yards. Guy just, they blocked the kick. They blocked the Same with the cheats. Same thing with the cheats against the Broncos. Yep. At the most opportune time. And I think they cheat cheating with them field goals too, man.


Squeezing. Be squeezing between the gaps. Well that's what special teeth jump gap. Gotta find a weakness. OI I'll see who's lazy. I'll see who's stabbing, stepping down hard. I'm gonna see who's doing their responsibility. And I'm gonna watch it because you're gonna kick a lot of PTs. You're gonna click a lot of field goals right now. I'm gonna see where you vulnerable. I'm gonna see who's giving up their position And attack. Attack it, attack that right away. That ain't number, that ain't number of film study. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Jordan Love with 13 to 17 for 2 52 61. He only threw the ball 17 times. Don't, Joe, they only had 25 rushes, so they only have 42 plays.


God damn. What was, You don't count the plays, you make the plays count. Well that's, you know what? I ain't got my damn pen and paper, man. Shit, That's what you do. 18 carries for Josh Jacobs of a touchdown. Christian Watson had four for buck 50. Jacobs had four for 55. The Romeo do only had one catch. But hey, craft the tight end didn't have any Chicago kicking themselves. Man. They had this one had to know Joe. But you know what the thing is, is that bad teams find ways to lose good teams, find ways to win.


It's, but The Bears did look better today. They did? Yeah. From, from offense standpoint. Based on, based on how they looked before. I'm sure DJ Moore is happy. I'm sure DJ Moore is happy with the changes that were made. Yeah. He got seven targets called Seven passes. Yeah. Gino Smith Snap, Seattle six game losing streak to the nine ERs with a 13 yard touchdown run in the final minutes of regulation. Both the Seattle touchdown came in. The second half was the 49 ERs star passed Russia. Nick Bosa exited the game in the third quarter after re aggravating a hip injury. This was the third time in four divisional games that the 49 ERs have lost a fourth quarter lead being without Brandon iu, George Kittle, the 49 ERs relied heavily on Juwan Jennings who hauled in the game High nine reception for 91 yards and a touchdown.


Thought he played well. Yeah, Jenning played Jennings played well. Jennings a very good receiver. He'd been playing well. Yeah. They ran the ball 27 times for 131 yards. Mac had average four yards of carry. Purdy had five for 40. Brock Purdy threw the ball. 21, 21 of 28, 1 59 interception. But Gino got on his horses on his horses and, and scrambled in and hit the night night on him. Night night, God Goddamn Jackson Smith and jig 10 for a buck 10. DK had seven for 70.


They ran the ball. Four yards of carry. Kenneth Walker had 14 for 54 and Gino had four for 29 with a 16 yard long. These were the games, the 49 ERs normally win. Yeah. But they're losing them now. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm glad you know, won this game. 'cause they was, they was on a, they was on a, they was on a, they Was on a downward spiral. Yep. Yeah. That yeah. Big downward spiral. So to be able to get a game like this against, against the 49 ERs e even, even though they are, they are hampered and hurt.


They, they needed that, But they still have more than enough talent. They got Purdy, they got McCaffrey, they got Jennings, they got Deebo. Youth check. The offensive line is still there. They got more than enough. There's no reason for them to, to have blown this lead. Yeah. In 2017. But congratulations to the Seahawks after falling the two and six with the week nine loss to the bills, Miami and Nine won two games in a row last in row last Monday against the ref and today against the Raiders. The Dolphins are not four and six ocho. Will the Dolphins make the playoffs? Right now?


They're at night at four and six. The Colts are on the outside looking in at eight. The Broncos have the last remaining spot, which with six and five record. They're seventh, right? The Ravens are seven and four. The charges are seven and three. Texans. Six and four. They're six and four. Even though they have a a, a a a worse record. Right. They're leading the NFC South. And then you got Pittsburgh at eight and two Buffalo Eight two, and the Chiefs at nine and one. Will the Dolphins make the playoffs? What's the, what's the Dolphins schedule put up Dolphins schedule right quick. Who, who, who? Dolphins got next.


Y'all got Buffalo again. I'm, I'm certain. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I think y'all probably got the Jets again. Buffalo is is is a difficult game. Jets is, is winnable. Okay, you guys, you guys got the Patriots Okay. At Green Bay. Okay. The Jets at home, at the Texans 49 ERs at home, at the Browns, at the Jets. So you have the Jets twice,


right? Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking,


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked Starry light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Have, you googled yourself lately. Are there negative posts from an ex employee or from a former client, Maybe an outdated news article or a sensitive personal information about your family search engines don't always get it right. for right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. One of the most trusted names in online reputation repair. Reputation Defender has been fixing people's search results for over 15 years. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff so that it rises to the top, helping you put your best foot forward. Your good name is too valuable to leave to the whims of a Google algorithm. Take control with Reputation Defender. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert. That's 808 1 1 49 75.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise with Intel Core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel Shop now only@lenovo.com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SH u.edu today to get started.


I'm just, I'm gonna be honest, I think most of those games are winnable. They're gonna be competitive. What tour are we gonna get? What tour are we gonna get? Can we get a flash of what we had last year from a, from a, from a production standpoint? You know, I know we're already, we're already in week 10, maybe week 11, whatever it may be, whatever week we're going into. But can we get that, that offensive production from, from Hill, from Waddle, from most of how, how's their health most in eight chan? There, there, there's a chance. Eight chan. They ran the, yeah, well two was what, 2028 or 36?


2 88 and three touchdowns. John New Smith had six foot 1 0 2. John New John Touchdowns got left wide open on a 57 Yarder. Tyreek was seven of 61. He had a touchdown. Jayla Wallace two of 37 HH Chan ran the ball 17 times for 73 yards. Garner Michu had two touchdown passes. Brock Bowers is Brock Bowers. He was sensational today. 13 catches 1 26 on a touchdown on 16 targets. Hmm. But it's gonna be interesting. The Texans game, you know That one.


So they got the Patriots next week and then they got the Jets on? No, they got the Patriots next week and then they have the Packers on Sunday night. In, in, in Lambo In Green Bay? Yes. Dang. And you know, I don't like that. That's Thanksgiving isn't it? I don't Like the 28th. That's Oh, Joe. Yeah. So it's cold in November in Lambo. Why? Why are we just getting ready to say that? I don't like that. I don't like the fact that you have to go, listen, that's, that's been, that's been the Dolphins Achilles heel. When you make it to the postseason having to go play in Buffalo in the cold. Now it's a regular season. Now you got to go the goddamn early December in Green Bay And they got another Sunday night game.


O Joe. They got another Sunday night game against where? On Cleveland. But they gonna probably flex out That Oh, it's not gonna be that. Yeah, Cleveland. Cleveland not gonna be that bad. Cleveland's not gonna be that bad. But going to Green Bay in December, I don't, I don't, I don't want none of that. I don't none of that. Cleveland in December. Oh yeah, it gonna be bad. Played Cleveland. Oh yeah. You know that water coming off lake? Yeah, yeah, yeah. To me it's bearable. You know, playing in Cincinnati, playing in Cleveland. I can deal with that kind of cold. That kind of cold they got over there in Green Bay. Oh no sir. I Ain't trying to deal with it. I don't want none of that. But you like playing the cold? Hell no. Yeah, I ain't, I ain't enjoy the cold as long.


Any like 30 degrees, 40 degrees. Like when, when we start he talk about 2020 and below. Oh no sir. I want no part. It was gonna be cold. I don't want no part of that. Thank you. What a beautiful day. So Ocho say there's a chance Ocho, the bikes beat the Titans 2313 with 81 yards receiving. Justin Jefferson now has set a career, has 6,811 yards. In his first five seasons. He passed Tory Holt of 67 84 for the most NFL receiving yards and a player first five seasons. Mind you, JJ still has four or five games.


Six games to go. Five games or six. I can't kick. Oh, they're eight and two. So they got How many games They got? They got seven games to go. Oh boy. He boy, he to Destroy, he finna blow that thing outta the water. He finna destroy that. He's the real, Hey jj, the real deal boy. And I thought Chase was coming to behind me catch it, but I don't think Chase could get it. But he was in the lead though. Chase was in the Lead. No, I'm saying for most receiving yards that will play his first five seasons. Oh, Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, he Crazy Smoke.


He about to smoke this thing And I see, I could see him going, What? What you think? 7 7500 Or five? Yeah. 75. Yeah. And remember Ocho, if he didn't hurt that hamstring last year where this thing would've been, remember he missed like eight games. Games. Yeah. Eight them boys Don't believe he, jj he had six for 81 today. Ojo Jordan, Addison. Three for 61. Sam. Donna was the 20 of 32. 2 46, 2 touchdowns. Whole hum Game rushing to football. Will Levis did have a 98 yard touchdown pass.


Calver really had far four for 58. But Minnesota eight and 2, 4, 1 away and sitting right there is gonna be about, well look, I think the church winning that the George winning that division. Right. But you could possibly have three teams come outta the Nfcs. NFC, north Ojo, green Bay, Minnesota, and Detroit. That's crazy. I think you get one NFC South. I think you'll get one team. Who would it be though? FI think it's gonna be the Falcons. Yeah, Because the FALs have already beat every team in that division. So they got a one and a half game lead over.


Everybody already in that division. Right. And I think the Saints have to go to them. Look, we never know. I mean the Saints look at the Saints the last couple of games and they beat the Falcons and they beat Cleveland today. The Falcons lost to the Saints and then got blown out on the road in, in Denver. Tampa put a bankers having a great season, but they're losing in Carolina is Carolina, Carolina's Carolina ocho. Yeah. Taste of Hill sets a record for the most rushing yards by tiny of the game. The guy in the full taste of Hill experience against the Browns. He was a blocker receiver quarterback running back. He scored three times but was also picked off throwing deep into the end zone.


And he fumbled. Tso Hill is the first player, the three Russian touchdowns, 50 receiving yards. One pass completion of the game since Ed Lac the chiefs Ed Lac em today. He had three Russian touchdowns, 10 yard, a 33 yarder and a 75 yard. Yeah. 75 yarder. He had seven carries OCHO buck 38. He had eight receptions on 10 targets, 50 receiving yards. He lost a re, he lost a fumble on the reception inside the Browns 10 yard line. One interception on the L Vised deep ball. He had one kickoff return for 42 yards and he had an 18 yard pass completion. Man, this was, they, they had they and he out here acting like his backyard football, huh?


Yep. He Doing all type of stuff. Yep. You remember in high school when you used to be good and they put you at every goddamn position you could play. Yeah. Find a way to get you the ball and you quarterback, hey, handing the ball, throw it to him. But he you run back, punch you run back. Kickoffs, Osho. He doing a little bit of everything. Yeah, a little bit of everything. So, and then this and this goes to say, now think about everything he's doing offensively. Now I imagine thinking about Travis Hunter now, see hell if Tyson Hill can do it, even though it's only on the offensive side of the ball. Right. Think about what they could do do with Travis Hunter, someone who was much faster. Someone who was much more athletic. We But they, they got packages for him.


He, yeah, But I'm I'm with you. I'm with You. But Ocho we're not saying seeing what, people are getting confused. We're not saying, I'm saying he's not playing every snap defensively and every snap offensively. Oh no, that's impossible. That's what you and I are saying, Wes. We're not saying he can't play both ways. Right. With packages. Right. Yeah. That, that, that's impossible. Can you imagine, think about this. Depending on where he goes for, for the sake, for the sake of argument. Let's say he goes to, let's see, the New England Patriots and the Patriots are playing the, playing the Dolphins and you gotta cover Tyreek Hill one series. Then you going, you think you're going flip on offense and go play receivable and still be efficient after exerting that kind of injury.


Yes. Injury is certaining that kind of energy. Yes. Coming. Shit. Hey, I just put a i I I'm gonna blow, I'm gonna blow him out. I'm gonna make him run. Go routes. Go routes go routes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I've been a have somebody come in, run in, cut in, cut in cut. Hey, one One thing about it, his conditioning is out this world Ocho everybody gets tired. This world, everybody gets tired. I get conditioned outta the world. Yeah, of course. Everybody gets tired. You know that course your condition was outta this world. You wanna told them, go Ross, what you do right to the sideline. Get me on this one. Yeah. Yeah. Because Think about it, Ocho you got, you might have to cover Justin Jefferson on, on the, what you call it.


And then you might have to go up against, I don't know, let's just say you covering Tyreek and you going up against Jalen Ramsey. How'd that work? I don't like that. I'm just saying. But that's, that's what you got. Just The just the thought of it. Just the thought of it. You got to be so motherfucking technically sound you can't make no mistakes. Yes. You can't make, can't make no mistakes. You gotta be sharp. You got to be very, very Sharp mentally. Yeah. You gotta be locked in. Yeah. Like I said, time played it, but time had packages in which you play on the offensive side. And that's all we're saying. We're not saying that the kid, they just, just give up and don't let him play one side of the ball.


I we're saying just have packages for him. It's unrealistic. We just say that he's gonna play a hundred NFL snaps every game. It's unrealistic. Yeah. Hey, but you know what I was able to do also on it's One thing to, it is One thing to be able to watch Travis Hunter from TV and see him making the plays. And you, you, you get to see because you watching from tv you see the end product. Yeah. You see the finished product when the play is made. But Unc, I was able to watch him in person, you know, at DB to watch his style, watch his technique with the shade inside. With the shade outside. He played off, he played man. He, he, he was Oh. Oh the motherfucker. So technically sound. He's really good on the defensive side of the ball. I wanna see how he looked at db. Right. Man's so sharp.


Yeah. So he patient with it too. I I think sometimes, sometimes Ocho he be trying to bait people to throw the ball and he gotta be trouble. Exactly. You ain't, Hey don't you bail nobody in. No, no. Because They gonna take it. You also won't be able to catch up too. You won't be able to catch up. Mm m No, you gotta have, you gotta have time feed. You gotta have Darryl Green type feed to give up that kind of cushion and then go chase the guy down. No, no, no, no, no. These guys too good here now. These guy, Hey, the NFL and Netflix deliver a gift to fans. Oh, Joe. Beyonce is to perform the halftime show for the Christmas Day game between the Baltimore Ravens and the Houston Texans.


Netflix will stream the Ravens Texans game as well as the Chief Steelers on Christmas. The Texan will host the Ravens at NRG stadium in Houston. Beyonce's hometown. Beyonce will sing songs from her Cowboy Carter album during the halftime show, according to a Texas release. Mark it the first time. She'll perform any songs from the album or a live audience. That's live. That's live. Hey, that's live. Now. Now that's a treat. That's a treat. Now Netflix know what they doing now. They just coming off a 60 million gate with goddamn Jake, Paul and Tyson. Now you talk about another Game. You need 60 million views. I'm sorry, 60 million views. Yeah. Oh, Jake Paul and Ty, Jake Paul and Mike Tyson.


Now you talking about having Beyonce. Man, stop playing. Yeah. Well Ocho it's, I gotta get you to watch the game Tcho, because this principles you with your family. I mean, you watch, I mean, a lot of people you celebrate, you be elcho, you be drinking, you know what I'm saying? Ocho, we done started drinking early. Ain't nobody but I'm saying you Know that, huh? With the family. They, they got the kids. You know Eric. Right? You know, you over to your in-laws, you know the big fest. Hey, let's watch Beyonce. Yeah. Oh, there, you know, listen, the women, the women regardless of age. Oh, they tuning in? Oh Yeah. I've been Watching even watch football. You tuning in for that? Yeah.


I mean we Hold on. What, what Christmas On Wednesday we got, we, we working. Oh, we gonna have a, a Christmas special. Yes. We gotta work Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. I like that. That, that's a lot of work. I don't mind that. I like that. Damn, I don't mind that Got up working on Wednesday. Yeah, we Jackson say you gotta leave that nine to five on, on the shelf and just enjoy yourself. Enjoy, enjoy yourself. Yeah. That's gonna be, look Beyonce hometown, you see?


But you know that, but you know what people thinking? You see they got Beyonce in her hometown. Why they couldn't do that with Lil Wayne? Why they can't do that with five, with the five the hot boy. Right. Man, you know, they can't, yo Joe, you know, Hey, NFL can't win for losing man. They can't win for losing. You see, listen, you see what Jay-Z did? Yeah. Man, he can't win for losing. I say, damn, Listen, I'm, I'm one that's gonna always be optimistic. I'm gonna be very optimistic. I still think behind closed doors, there might be a surprise and I'm gonna just leave it at that. I'm gonna be optimistic. I still behind closed doors. I'm gonna be optimistic. You wanna shock the world. This is the way to shock the world.


Watch what I tell you. Wings win. Paige Becker sweepstakes, the LA Sparks had the best odds to win the top overall draft pick at 44.2%, followed by the wings at 22.7 Chicago Sky at 22.7. And the Washington mystics at 10.4. But it shake it shook out like this. The Dallas Wings get the first pick Sparks again. Get the second pick sky again. Get the third pick. Didn't they have the third pick last year? Isn't that when they took Cardoza? The mystics get the fourth pick and to the new to the, the WNBA, the Golden State Valkyrie get the fifth pick.


Yukon senior average 20 points, five rebounds, four and a half percent assist. And her career, she's shooting an oppressive 50% from the three. Many wanted to see Paige go to La. Enrique is excited about the possibility of play playing with alongside Paige. She said, I just fell my knees. Thank you Lord. Gonna be interesting. Gonna be interesting time for the last segment of the night Ocho it's time for q and a. Lemme use the bathroom real quick. Go ahead. Watch Ocho come back real quick.


I don't hear no water running. I don't hear nothing. Bring his hands. Don't be ashy hands ain ashy. I mean he ain't washer. And then first soon as you see, you wanna dap everybody up. Dap daddy. Derek said bold up. Put some respect on Herbert's name. I mean, bro. What I mean, what, what, what, what's really going on? He played, he played well. He got a little tight there in the second half. You saw it. You saw it. I mean, I mean, what he, I'm trying to, where, where we going with this? I think it's a good quarterback.


I thought he played very, very well. See, he heard me. He was listening. Y'all see what he did. Y'all see what he did right there? Y'all see what he did? Now when y'all ever know somebody come out there with a towel after they done wash the hand, y'all see what he did? He, y'all said What? Stu don't even worry about it. Don't even worry about it. But y'all saw that, right, Chad? Y'all see that, right? What happened? Nothing. No worry about it. Chad. What did he say? Chad? Lemme The check ain't Lemme look at the check. You, you, you talking about me when I'm going here Now I ain't say nothing. What he saying? Che. Y'all saw it.


Y'all see what he did? Did the chat. Y'all saw Exactly. Can't say nothing. That man wanted everybody to know that he washed his hands. He come out the now who come out the who come out the washroom with a, they dry their hands off. I, I gotta rush back. I ain't wanna leave the people in the chair. I ain't wanna leave the people waiting. But y'all see y'all? Yeah. Y'all see? Yeah, we, we got it. Yeah. I, I made a mess. I made a mess. So I had to, you know, I know Curtis Thompson said, wtf no credit for the Steelers. Like always. It's cool. Nah, I thought y'all defense played. Really? I thought the, I mean you took the ball away, what? Three times and the, the two point conversion, y'all stopped him.


Great play by Joy, joy Porter Jr. The look, the Steelers are Steelers. I mean the five, the the six field goals. You guys always do an unbelievable job Against Raven Against the Ravens because you guys refuse to let Lamar Jackson beat you with his legs. They don't let, they don't really, they don't, they don't let it look. And Mike Thomas, they've come up with a thing. If, if you beat us from the throwing the football from the pocket, That's fine. That's on us. On us. That's on us. But again, every time the Ravens Massa play the Steelers or the Steelers for the Ravens, the Steelers are one of the few teams in the NFL that match up extremely well with what the Ravens do.


I always say it's all about personnel. It's all about matchups. And the Steelers defense matches up very well with what the Ravens like to do. They do a great job of plastering the receivers because they know Lamar Jackson can scramble and buy time. And they don't let him, let him, let him throw the ball over their heads. They do a great job of keeping everything in front of them. Give the Steelers credit. Steelers, Steelers are, are, are, are very well coached team. They're a physical football team, Discipline, Discipline. They don't, they don't back down. But it was, it was a great game. A division, a division game. And I can't wait to see the next matchup. Desmond Hunter said, uncle Ocho, I feel need to take a field goal out of, unless it's after a touchdown.


What do y'all think? Because the Steelers win was bull. No, that's a part of the game. Yeah. You can't now when the Ravens win games, because the field goal, how many games have the Raven won on the foot of Justin Tucker? Go back and look at since Tuck been there, y'all realize as a rookie, he kicked y'all to a victory in Denver. Did y'all forget that? You sure you wanna take him outta there? Can't make no hasty decision because your team lost and another team won doing something that your guys didn't had. Justin Tucker made those field goals and you won. Would you still wanna take them out? Nope. I didn't think so. Francisco Mercedes said, if your team lost today, I wanna hear a word, but nor Ball steal Nation.


Broncos one though. Willie t said, sorry Ocho, the Bengals are cooked. Don't do that. Don't do that, don't do that. Because what I saw in the second half from that offense, there's a always a chance, there's always a chance. Any team that can come back down from 20 down, 21 down 21. You didn't and you lost. I know we lost. Like, I'm just saying we, we had an opportunity. We had a Chance. How did you get down? 21? We w we started off slow, like always. That's been our Achilles heel. Every goddamn season offensively starting out slow out The game.


And what and what has it gotten? You start starting out slow. So how many games have you won? Starting out slow. Slow. Is four good or bad? That's bad. Oh, Okay. Alan Fletcher said, breaking news, the Bengals had de decide, decided to join the Pac 12 in hopes of making the playoffs. All right. All right. All right. Slow down then. Slow down with, okay. Okay, let's, let's simmer down. Let's simmer down with the jokes Four. KT said with the way Bryce Young playing last two weeks. It's not crazy to say the chief losing on Sunday.


Got a little, Hey, look, come on now. You got a little too much dip on your chip now. Yeah, Man, I, I don't know about that one. Kt, I'm gonna let you have that one. Let's not get carried away. Now I understand Patrick Halls isn't playing well and the defense gave up 30, but let's not get carried away now. Brian in said, what's up Uncle Ocho? Shout out to my lions as always. Prayers for Aone and Zoni. Anzalone anzalone. The broken forearm. You put name on his back. MVP Race. Oh, Jerry Goff put his name back in the MVP race. I agree. Or am I tripping? No, I believe he's back in the race. Absolutely. I think Josh Allen is very much in the race.


I think Saquon Barkley is in the race. In the Race. He won't win it, but he is in the race. Absolutely. I honestly, I don't see, I don't see the lions offense regressing. I don't see Jared go also regressing, you know, from a statistical standpoint. So I probably see him with, obviously with him being in the first seed. Yeah, I see Jared Goff probably went MVP this year. I can See that too, because I think, I think the record and I think, and I think he's gonna have, you know, how many games, how many games did the Lions have left? 6, 5, 6, 6.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked Starry light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Have, you googled yourself lately. Are there negative posts from an ex employee or from a former client, Maybe, an outdated news article or sensitive personal information about your family search engines Don't always get it right. for right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. One of the most trusted names and online reputation repair Reputation Defender has been fixing people's search results for over 15 years. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff so that it rises to the top, helping you put your best foot forward. Your good name is too valuable to leave to the whims of a Google algorithm. Take control with Reputation Defender. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert. That's 808 1 1 49 75.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel Core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


I could definitely see him throwing 30, 30 plus to 30 30. Somewhere between 32 and seven games. They got seven games left ocho. Oh yeah. So theoretically I can see him throwing 14, 15 touchdowns. Put him at 34, 35 touchdowns with that record. I don't think they lose more than one more game. Yeah, yeah. I definitely could see Laura and Christie b Ocho. He isn't up upgrade. He isn't upgrading his wifi, but he could live off of three 75,000 for the rest of his life. I love y'all. That's probably why he could do it.


Ocho would you rather, Hector asked, would you rather go 12 rounds with Prime Mike Tyson or 30 minutes with 10 Ocho Cincos in a cage no rules. 10 OCHO Cincos Because once I knock hell outta the first one, the other not gonna run about the cage. Know they ain't and One thing. Nah, you don't. You don't want not 10 of me, 'cause 10 of me, man. Just, just crazy. Hey, once I, once I go to hit that, once I hit that spinning black back kick, like jump bones, Huh? Nah. And then The six elbow Open Up like a right melon. Why you, why you, why you, why you, why you giving one Ocho? You know elbows the other nine on top of your head.


Now once I, once I kicked that, once I kicked that one in the solar plex, nah. They like, man, I don't want that. And we don't see that. We don't think like that. We animals. He's savage. You remember? Hey, you remember when Deebo hit red in his eye and he asked this over, you want some of this old man? No. Oh, He wants over this old man. No. Frankie says Ocho, looking back on your football careers and everything you've experienced since up until now, can you share a moment where you felt so unreal that you could have been straight out of a movie?


Damn. I think you, you would have better scenarios or examples of that as far as the unreal moment. You have to think during my tenure and, and during, during my playing time here in Cincinnati, we didn't have very many winning seasons where moments that I was able to experience gave me that feeling of unreal. Y you, you know what I mean? Yeah. Being in the Wing England, I wasn't a contributor like I would've liked to have been. So the unreal moments, if I was to have 'em, it would've been there, but I just, I just wasn't a part of it. And I wasn't integrated from a productive standpoint to have that unreal moment feeling even playing a Super Bowl. It wasn't, it wasn't, you know, unreal. And I didn't have that, like, holy shit, I really made it.


'cause I wasn't a contributor as much as I'd like to be. So you'd be better suited to answer that Question. I mean, obvious, obviously, there's nothing like that. Super Bowl, the first one. You know, you win, you know, you win two, you win the, you know, back to back. And then we go to Raven and I win three and four years, but that first one was surreal to see people winning the Super Bowl and watching it on tele television for so many years as a kid. Thinking about, man, how cool is that moment getting a call that you've been selected into the pro football hall of Fame? That's a very, very surreal moment because like, and you know, I'm number 2 67, so there's not a whole lot of men. I think maybe, how many is it now?


Maybe three 50, Maybe three 50 now. So of all the men, there's 25,000 men that have played this game, coached this game, been GMs in this game, and there's less than 400 in the pro football hall of Fame. And I think now, Ocho everything that every, everything that I do now is surreal. Yeah. 3 78 for the people to, to know who I am, right? Where, I mean going, being in, in Canne France, and to hear people say, oh, and to see people Nightcap, and to see people say Club Shehe and Kat Williams.


So everything, everything, everything that we accomplish now, Ocho it's surreal to me because I still, I still can't, I still can't believe that I'm like that. I have a, like a company and the company's like doing really, really well. And they, I have like employees. I have like people that are counting on me to do what I need to do to make sure they, you know, get done what they need to get done. Man, this has just been, if somebody would've told me, my, my post career would be like this. If somebody, like, if you go back, like I, I'm, one day I'm gonna show people I'm gonna open up and I'm gonna let y'all see my memory book. I know if you went to high school, you had a memory book and you wrote down where you gonna be in 10 years, where you gonna be in 10, 15 years or 30 years.


Everything that I wrote down to the t it happened. It was my post career that is, I still don't, I, I still, you know, I still can't believe it. I mean, I wake up and my sister asked me all the time, said like, does it feel real? Like it doesn't, doesn't, but it doesn. Yeah. Hey, listen, listen, my, my situation, my transition, my post career was, was a little, was a little different, you know, I was, it was, it was kind of muddy the waters, it was foggy, you know, I didn't, I didn't know where it would go, you know, based on, you know, my transition after, after, after football was over mine abrupt, a abruptly ended, you know, most of the time people of my caliber, high profile individuals that are this, they, you know, We, don't We don, we're not afforded second chances many, many times.


So the fact that, so real, the moment in where I've been able to, to overcome obstacles and hurdles and, and mistakes that I've made, you know, and, and take responsibility in those and being able to, to rebound and, and catapult myself back to where I fell from. Surreal, unbelievable. You know, that ain't that. When, when my grandma and my mama used to talk about God having a favor, you know, he got favor because there's, I mean, there's no been no one else that I can think of that is, that, is that messed up to the extent that I have, you know, in front of the world isn't afford the second chance.


It, it, it hasn't happened. No, But it's a testament to you hard work. Yeah. Receiving forgiveness and not putting, you know, your apologize for the, the mistake, the mishap that you had. The greatest apology is change behavior. Yeah. Haven't put yourself back in that situation again. And I'm proud of you. Yeah. You made peace with it. Hopefully that situation you, like I said, all you can do is once you make a mistake or you have a mishap, all you can do is says, you know, made a mistake. I effed up. I'm sorry for the people that I impacted. Yeah. Both two sides were impacted.


Yeah. You apologize and you move on and then, you know, put yourself back in that situation. No, Joe, that's all you can do, man. That's all you can do. It's Joe Burrow is the first quarterback in NFL history to throw for 300 plus yards with three plus touchdowns, zero interception, and back to back games and lose both in regulation. Joe Burrow on what he said to Everett Ingram. Everett McPherson, excuse me. After missing two field goals, nothing. What you want me to say? Yeah, you can, you can't say nothing. Kevin Brooks said, if logic is update your resume, then it's safe to say the UNC is still the greatest tight in ever.


Always be my giant goat, super Tech Mo Bowl ocho. You play Tech mobo. Yeah. I used the, I used, I always use Bo Jackson. Edric Gibson said UNC and Ocho got a question. How many plays does an offense have in a playbook? Seems to be like it's a hundred. Well, am I just a viewer? Yeah, that's what we got. A hundred. Yeah. A hundred plus maybe one 50. Yeah. I mean that's when I play Now they might be, they might have more now because, you know, you have packages, you have first and 10 plays first and five second, you know, second and so forth. Third and one to three third and three to five. Third in long, third in long fourth down plays.


Short yardage. Short yardage and gold line, red zone backed up. Four minute offense. Too many offense, no huddle. Yep. And and the the funny thing about it, there are certain teams that are so creative offensively, you know, and schematically, let's say like a Detroit alliance, a Kansas City team that are very, very creative with very, very creative offensive coordinators. They can run the same play outta different formations. And you wouldn't even know it was the same goddamn play. Right. You wouldn't even know the same goddamn play. Yeah. You just, you just change. Look, look, you change. Like if we run the same play, just a different formation. Yep. You'll We'll switch around.


Yep. Add motion, change the splits. Yep. Condense em. Have people out wide and just, it is so many different things you can do. Create, you know, from a creative standpoint offensively, man, it's, it's, it's crazy. Deon Bell said two questions on why you ask Ms. Pat, does she like food and why was OCHO putting a gizzy in his coat pocket? Well, everybody know, wherever I go, anytime I go to a sporting event, I eat hot dogs. I don't care about, you know, this era and this this day and age wherein where everybody is is ashamed of eating hot dogs. Right? I grew up on hot dogs. I'm gonna keep eating my hot dogs.


And I bought two hot dogs at the Colorado game. I had one and I saved one. I put it in my coat pocket so I could have it later that night because I wasn't paying for no dinner. I didn't wanna pay for no dinner. Nowhere. When I got to my hotel after the game, I wanted to be able to finish the second hot dog. I warmed it up, they had a microwave in my room. I warmed the other hot dog up and I caught my flight Cincinnati. That's why I put that other hot dog a gizzy in my pocket to save it for later. Look, I've talked to people that, you know, I've had Bruce Bruce on, I've had Lavelle Crawford on, obviously I have Miss Pat and they're on the heavier set side. And, and, and I, I think it didn't come out the way I wanted.


Clearly. I mean obviously every like food, but I'm like, like, do they like eat? Some people eat when they depressed. Some people like just eat. See, I'm not, I guess me, I look at it 'cause I'm not, I'm not a big eater. Ocho Yeah, I'm not. You know, I don't, and I guess, you know, but like she, she, she's been a, she's been like, she said she's been a heavier set girl her whole life. Right. And as we get older, if we still say have those same eating habits, it is hard to reduce size when you, you still eat the same and you don't have youth on your side.


Yeah. And you don't and you don't train, you don't work out. She said, I try to zip it. I tried all, she taught all these things. She said, now I'm gonna try a treadmill. I swear, man, I had so much fun with this woman, man. She is unbelievable. If you get an opportunity, man, y'all please go check out Miss Pat. That woman, she take every, I mean, her story is unbelievable. Ojo. I mean, you talking about a woman that got, she was a child, got pregnant at 13, had a child at 14, had a second child at 15, had an abortion at 16. She was molested. She had two kids.


I think she had two kids from a a 22-year-old married man. Her step, you know, I mean, you got, you got her story. But she makes even things that I'm, I'm sitting there listening to her. My heart's breaking, but she make everything funny. Yeah. She's found a way to take that, that pain, that hurt and to turn it into laughter. And she's made a career outta it. And man, that woman, hey, I could just imagine being at the cookout or family function with her because hilarious. Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody would be safe. Nobody would be safe.


But it was great. She's unbelievable and I'm glad that we were able to sit down with her. Same thing with Carlos, Carlos Miller. Damn fool. Lowe is out this damn of mine. But man, miss Pat was, she's, she's something special guys. And if y'all get an opportunity, please, please go check her, show out and watch her. The Miss Pat show and Miss Pat Judge, I think that's the name. That's the name of another show. Both of 'em on bt. Kobe Bryant said Ocho, what's the Bengals off season looking like Jamaica or Cancun? Hey, don't do that. Don't, don't do that.


But probably Cancun Four, kt, he back at it. He says, will the Cals 15 old surpass the 20 15 16 Warriors? The 24 and oh, you think so, Joe? They're 15 and oh right now they need nine. They need nine victories to tie, 10 to win to, to surpass it. I'm gonna say no. Yeah. Probably not. Probably not. Stephanie Warfield said big birthday. Shout out to my squad member member Keith Oliver, happy birthday and enjoy your special day. We love you. Yeah, Keith, he one of the ones that's been with us since the very beginning.


And so, bro, we wanna say happy birthday to you. Hopefully you had something fun today. Hope you had a big meal. Enjoy some time with family, friends and loved ones. Got an opportunity to reflect. You got an opportunity for me, Ocho, when I look at birthdays, it's not birthday because it's a day I've never seen before. Yeah, it ain't, ain't nothing is, nothing has to be special. Just that you open your eyes, that's a very, very special day. But Keith, thank you for your support. You've been here from the very, very beginning. We appreciate it. We appreciate your loyalty. We appreciate you. You know, I see your name here every night, guys. I I really, we really appreciate all our Mod Squad members. We appreciate all our subscribers, all the people that tune in and just listen to the that.


Just listen to OCHO and I sometimes you guys comment, sometimes you don't. But we really appreciate that support because without you we're nothing. We're just two guys, two former NFL players just talking. And I don't know how, how, how long that's gonna last without, without you guys giving us your love and support. So thank you Keith. Happy birthday and enjoy birthday. Boy, that concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Shark. That's OCHO Liberty City zone. Bing. A ring of Fame artery, a pro bowler, an all pro.


Yeah. Told you that's ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button if you haven't already. Tell family, friends and loved one to come check us out and have them hit that subscribe button. Hit that like button and subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And as we said earlier, we sincerely thank you everybody here at Nightcap. Sincerely thank you from the bottom of our heart for all the support and the continued support you continue to show us. Check out SHA by the Portier. We do have it in stock. The holidays are right around the corner, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's. And so if you can't find it in a city or state near you, just order it. We'll get it right to you. Go follow my media company page on all this platform that's Shea shaped media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


I was hell when I was. Well I die for you before I die to you. Black Nightcap hoodies. What'd I say? Oh, I'll lie for you before I, before I lie to you. Yeah. Nah, I'm gonna lie before I die. My popular band Ocho, we gotta stay with me now in the form of a hoodie. We got the UNC and OCHO tees are our bestsellers and we have the UNC and OCHO tees in black now. We dropped those last week. Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The Chargers squander lead, but they hold on to beat the Bengals. 34 to 27, the Bills and the Chiefs.


The first loss of the season as Josh Allen rushes for a late touchdown to secure the win as they win 30 to 21. Lamar Jackson didn't get it done. The Baltimore Ravens offense come up short again as the Steelers kick six field goals and they beat the Ravens. 1816 Justin Tucker missed two field goals and they had three turnovers in the game. The jets lose to the Colts at home, 28, 27. And Aaron Rogers has the worst starting percentage by starting quarterback of the Jet. Zach Wilson, Sam. Donald Aaron Rogers has the worst winning percentage.


They're even worse since they fired Robert Solo. They lose 28, 27. Detroit had it going today, OCHO 52 6. They scored on seven straight touchdowns on seven straight possession, then kicked the field goal. Ben Tuck a knee and told Jack, get y'all ass outta our building. Bo Nicks had an incredible day, threw for 307 yards, four touchdown as they run rough shot over the dirty birds. We plucked them. Dirty birds 38 to six. The Packers win block of field goal late they beat the bears. 20 to 19. Gino Smith runs for a late touchdown as they beat the 49 ERs, 20 to 17 and Miami win as they beat the Raiders.


And who else? The Vikings win 2313 Jamar. Chase has the most receiving yards over any player in his first five years. He now has 68 and 11. Chase Hill rushed for the most yards by a tight end of the game. Seven carries 138 yards on touchdown runs of 10 33 and 75 yards. And Beyonce is performing at the halftime of the Texans Ravens game on Christmas. Thank you. Netflix. Thank you. NFL And thank you Beyonce. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm unc, he's Ocho will be back tomorrow after Monday night Football. Thank you guys for joining us. The Volume.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone


This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive games coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.