
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu


Oh oh oh O'Reilly. Shop Superstar Premium Extreme, or Platinum batteries at O'Reilly Auto Parts and get up to a $15 gift card after rebate. O reward members can also get a $5 reward with their battery purchase. For power, performance, and reliability, choose super Start only at O'Reilly Auto Parts OO O'Reilly Auto Parts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports Reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We All have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris and iHeart Women's Sports Production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams. Toing the Rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CCP g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did you know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when call in the early stages, colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you are at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had EDUs have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family district of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 if estimated. Based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can't occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that have invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today.


Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. Shannon Sharp, that guy. The Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame, honoree and pro bowler. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys joining us last night. Thank you for joining us again tonight. And thank you for being so supportive over the last 17, 18 months. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Everybody here at Nightcap, make sure you check out Shea ba la Poitier. What better way to celebrate the new year than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it any a city or a state near you, just order it online and we will ship it directly to you.


Please drink responsibly and please be safe. Check out my clothing company. 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped out Nightcap and Chill collection on Friday. I'm wearing the t-shirt. OCHO has on the hoodie turnaround. There we go. As you can see, Nightcap, sex, love, and Nightcap and water. Mine saying Nightcap is for lovers. Yeah, that, yeah. Get you some. As I said, I'm wearing the t-shirt. OCHO is wearing the hoodie. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone. Ocho, let's get right into it. The athletic dropped an article today about the math.


The math wanted Luca to use the injury time off to improve conditioning. According to the article in November, Luca missed five games with what the Mavericks announced was a right, a right wrist sprain. That injury was classification was not entirely true being reported in reality, Luca was supposed to use the time off to improve his conditioning. Team sources said it was the one of the straws that broke the proverbial camel's back. Wait a minute, because he decided not to use the time off for conditioning. Died with the straw that broke the camel's back. That's what Rigg reported. This will be Lucas's first season playing fewer than 60 games.


Now here's the kicker where everybody's like, well, hold on, wait a minute. On the other side, ad is six years older and has failed to compete in 60 games. Four of the last six seasons. Right? Well, something ain't making no sense, huh? Something is, something is not making any sense because you're trading for somebody, you trade you better player that's played over 60 games, but most of his career outside of this one. Correct? And you, and you're bringing somebody that hasn't played in over 60 games four outta five of the last season Season. So something ain't make sense. I that's why. That's why I think, and I still think today, whatever the true reason is that they traded Luca, it hasn't been said yet.


I believe two things can be true. I believe they had grown frustration with trying to tell Luca about his conditioning. I also believe they didn't wanna pay him 450 do $50 million. Hey, hey. Even though I just started watching basketball, when you name, when you name the top three players in the NBA right now, is Luca one of one of the three when he's at his best? Yes. Case close. I don't need to hear no more. Hey, hey. Well, lemme ask you a question. Let, let's just say for the sake of argument, lemme ask you a question. Let's just say for the sake of argument, coach Belichick, he resides Tom Brady's in year, year five.


He'd already won three Super Bowls, but he resides Andy Reed after last year. Say, you know what? I'm good. You don't think people was going like, well hold on. Why you still got a guy that's in his prime? What, what's really going on? Right. And I think the thing for me, my, my attention, my I I, I got like, hold on. You mean Rick tell me Rick Carlisle has a guy that's 23 years of age and he don't want a contract extension. He'd rather go Coach Indiana. I don't know about that one. No show. It don't make no sense even for Rick Carlisle because even if you do go to Indiana, even if you do go to Indiana, you still don't have a player like what you got over here in Dallas.


Especially that So as the coach, as a coach, you know, even whether it be football for Andy Reid, he had Don Donvan Mcna. He's never had, we never had a Patrick Mahome though no players like this come around every so often, especially one is special as Luca, you don't leave and go somewhere else because of problems with conditioning. Things that can actually be fixed. Especially when the product itself, when it touches the cord, it gives you that kind of goddamn production. But they don't. But see you said it can be fixed. They were wanting him to fix it and he wasn't fixing it. Can ask you question. That's the thing. Ocho, what happens?


Well, if the team, if the team says, Ocho, we want you to be here on camp, we want you a at some point in time, do they gonna get tired of telling you? Now if we, let's just fast forward right quick to Aaron Rogers. What did Aaron Rogers say this year? He said at the beginning of season, if we don't get this thing right, we're all gonna be outta here. Joe Douglas is gone. Robert solid is gone. The thing, your hacking is gone. Aaron Rogers is gone. Can, they're looking at it like, hold on. If we don't get this thing right with Luca, we all gonna be up outta here. Can I answer your question? Yes. When it comes to the game of basketball, you know basketball? Yes. When it came, when it comes to the skinny, any sport, it's all about what it's about.


With your superstars. Your superstars. And they have to do what? Consistently out outside of updating your resume. You have to perform. You have to perform. Yes. At any point in Luca's career, have this number decreased? No. What we arguing? No. What we, what we what what, what are we talking about? Condition. Too fat, too slow. The number remain the same. The same. And he's been consistent. I get that. But everybody see, everybody keeps saying do this, do this. That's easy to say when it's not your 450 million. Ah, see, it's easy to say, I would do this. It's not your money.


People leave a restaurant and don't go back when they don't get good service on a $60 tab. Right. What you gonna do when you got 400 million? And that money is fully guaranteed. Can I ask you something? Because a lot of times if you get a bad meal ocho, they'll say, you know what, Mr. Mr. Johnson, we're gonna take this off. This one's on us. When you sign a $400 million contract, players ain't give you ish back. Wait, the the the one thing players are players are played based on performance. Yeah. On the hardwood. Yes, on the hardwood. His performance has always been the heat. It's always been the cream of the spot. Yes, I agree. He's always been top of the list in almost every statistical category.


So you not gonna to, okay, you can say it because they actually did it. You not gonna to tell me me. That's why I'm not in, that's why I'm not in that position. That's not why I'm sitting in that seat in the high seat making, making judgment calls on who I should keep and who I should play because there ain't no way in hell I'm trade Luca and nothing when it comes to producing on the court, it's going wrong. Whether he is fat, whether he is skinny, whether he's outta shape. 'cause if you doing what you're doing while you're outta shape, imagine if I can get the right people with you or convince you to get in shape. Man. He had the right people that you do realize that when they hire a superstar, when you get a superstar, they bring your people on. They let you bring your people on. Right?


Ocho you do realize that it ain't like football. Now Tom Brady had a very unique circumstance where he got, had his guy right there with him. But most football teams don't do that. NBA teams allow you to do that. You know what, I can't say Mike Macia. Mike Macias travel with LeBron. He always has Randy Mims travel with LeBron. Yeah. Always has. So you said the right people. Hell, he got the people that he wanted to run. You know what, he's in the right place now. He's in the right place to now. But some, well, I hope he LI hope he looks at, puts up LeBron like down, you know this man playing like this in year 22. Oh, LeBron ain Finn, that ain't, ain't Finn let him take No shortcuts. Not, not over there. Absolutely not.


Not only are you able to watch, but you able to see someone that's done it for 20 something odd years at the highest level and is actually the NBA's all time leading score. Lucas looking at that. LeBron is talking to him. You know they gonna have that talk. I know he had that talk before because all the rumblings through the media, I love, I would love that conversation. I would love insight on how you've been able to do it this goddamn long. How about I do you know what, how about I change up my routine? How about I tighten up on my, on my on on my discipline and my structure and the way I do things in my approach to the game? Well, if I'm already great and I'm somewhat lazy in a sense in my approach to preparing for the game and I'm playing extremely well, what happens if I tighten up the motherfucker almost curse.


What happens if I tighten up the bolts and approach the game of basketball the way LeBron does? Ain't no telling what I can can achieve and I'm already great right now. But everybody doesn't have that mindset, don't you? I think LeBron came in. I think he had a couple of goals. He wanted to be considered the best player to ever play the game. He wanted to play as long as he possibly could. So he took the steps very early on. If you hear people talk about when LeBron was in high school, you hear people talk about LeBron when he first got there. How everything is so routine, is so regimented from his rest time to his nap, to his stretching, getting to the arena. So many got hours early, getting his work, getting his lift in, getting his shock up.


Everything for 22 years. Structure. Structure. Yeah. Structure. Structure and also discipline. Discipline, discipline. This is discip another discipline. Everybody doesn't want that Joe. Right? No, this is another one. LeBron didn't have a goddamn choice. Understand coming outta high school, the odds was stacked against him. All the pressure was on him. The expectations were out the roof. So he had no choice but to approach the game of basketball being the chosen one coming outta high school. Hell, at least in 10th grade. Yeah, I think you said it yourself. 10 grade. He coulda came and played in the NBA right then and there. He, I I, I think, I think a situation other, when you look at Luca, Luca had been a professional since he was 16.


Oh, that's right. He had a lot of ex He had a, he had a lot of expectations placed on him. Yeah. People thought he was gonna be good. I didn't think he was gonna be this good because everybody say no. He he, he could play. Yeah. I was like, bro, he played, I he played in, he said when he said it's easier to score in the NBA than it is in Europe. I say this kid outta his damn mind and lo and behold, he ain't making me out to be alive. He never average the point amount of points he's averaging over Europe as he's doing here. He average the 29 points a game in his career. He's average has the second highest playoff scoring average behind Jordan. Yeah. I I think you think is over in Europe where he was playing.


I can't, I can't remember where. I don't remember exactly where. Do you think they played better defense? You think that's what it is? Or the, are the dimensions of the court a little smaller? There has to be some type of difference. I think the thing is OCHO is that the game is not as free flowing as it is here. Everything, I mean, you run plays, they don't let you do a whole lot of ISO over there. Right. So, you know, it's kind of like Coach Smith, Dean Smith, coach Smith when he was at North Carolina. The only guy that can keep Michael Jordan on the 20 points a game was Coach Smith because of his offense didn't allow him to get loose. I got you. Nobody saw Michael being able to do what he did in the NBA do based on what he did in college. Same thing with Anthony Davis. Anthony Davis was a defensive player at, at, at at Kentucky.


I didn't see, I didn't see this kinda offense from him. Now he was a sensational defensive player. Right. I'm surprised he doesn't have a defensive player of the year already. Considering the way he can slide the way he can challenge at multiple position guard, multiple tremendous in the picket roll. Weakside help. I'm surprised he doesn't have one already, but it's his offense that's been most impressive. He went to Major Ma, mainly a pullback dunk law player to now he has a midrange. Now he can take it all the way out to three Luca. You looking at Luca like, well, yeah, he getting some points. He getting a 18, 19 points a game. But look at he play it against, will he come over here and play against grown men? The average 34 game.


Hey, tell me if I'm wrong. When I watch Luca play all this damn moves look like it's in slow motion or am I tripping? Not only do his moves look like as in slow motion, they they work every goddamn time. Yeah, they do. Yes. No, he doesn't have quick, quick switch fibers like a Kyrie. Nope. Or I'm trying to think. Or who else is really explosive or Russell Westbrook, obviously he's, he's a bigger man, John Moran. No, he don't have that exclusive, like that guy doesn't, nothing that, and the moves that he does have, they work every time. And I swear maybe it's 'cause I'm watching from tv. It look like it's in slow motion.


Yeah, yeah. He is. He is. And that's why you can't time him up because while you done jump, he ain't left the ground yet. And when you on your way out where you on your way down, he on his way up. So now he gonna get a and one or he gonna get you a filing. So he, he could, he he plays at his pace. He's not going to allow you to speed him up and make him play at your pace. He's really good. He can get off any shot. He's a lot bigger than you think. He has a lot bigger body than you think and is stronger than you think because you look at him and you're like, I don't see, not one definition, definition only definition I see is that if you got a dictionary in your hand, definition is in there. That's the only definition I see. Right. But it's the same thing with Yolk.


When you look at Yoic, you don't see no definition. But he give me a 30 22 and 18 and why every time I watch Yolk, every time I watch Denver play, why he always look tired the whole game. It looked like he breathing hard the whole game. But every time he take a shot, it's going in Move favor. Yeah. And, and the it's working. But look, I, I think the thing is that's a lot. I mean, look, we're gonna see when, I'm trying to think the next guy that's available that's really good that can get this kind of money. It might be Ant Man, but you said, you said Shay Shaa, but Shaa can't get a supermax like this. That's right. That's right. Because he got traded. Remember?


That's right. That's right. See, ant Man got Ant Man has been, was drafted to Timberwolves Ant Man or Wemby. Oh. See's Wemby didn't Wemby definitely finna get it. He definitely finna, yeah. Well man, ain't no reason he should get it too. I know the wolves ain't finna pull no, no slick stuff over there. They ain't got no choice but to give it to him. Yeah. So that's gonna be very interesting. So yeah, 450 million for five years. And so guess what? If you pay it back, guess what? He come back to the table in five years old Joe. Now you gotta pay him 500 million for five years. I had to take shade off now. So Aman has the possibility to get five year four 50 million.


Yes. Yes. Boy, what baby man, man, please. Yep, he does. He has that opportunity. He Wemby that. Those are the guys that can get that supermax. Hey, do you understand? You not, you didn't hear what I just said. You're not listening to me. I don't, I don't understand. I remember the people in the chat can't hear me five years, 450 million that can not even talk about Adidas contracts, other contracts, other endorsements that you get on the side. Man, stop playing man. And go hit the table again. Yes. And man is 23. Oh Lord. Hey, what?


Hey. But I don't know, I think I'm, I still might got it. No, so I think I, look, he's, look Luca, that I I'm I'm sure he's, I mean he caught him by surprise because o obviously there's a lot of pride in situations like that because a lot of times when you get to that level, you think you're untrainable, right? Oh yeah, you're untouchable. And so boom and like he didn't know. He didn't know, because you know how he didn't know how nobody knew he didn't get out. Two people knew, obviously no four people knew because obviously Rob got asked to go run this by Jeanie and, and, and Nico Harrison gotta go run it by Robert Durant.


So four people knew four people, not the, not the a And you hear say hey, right before it happened, we told people because you know, it's gonna get a trade this big on Cho if the normal coach, if the normal agents and players know it, it's getting out. It, it's getting out. There's too big. Yeah. The, the fact that Nico and Rob were able to keep it just between themselves, they really not let anybody else know. Because if they did let anybody else know when they got out, they know exactly where it came from. Right? They know exactly where it came from. Three 50, my bad. I said 4 50, 3 53 55 years, three 50. So about 70 million. So, so by the time what you call come, by the time what you call 'em come up or a man, it'd probably probably be about 3 55, 360.


They don't listen. Maybe more. Three 50. Oh, because here's the thing. On your next year that new CBA going to be existence, 11 years, 76, 11 years, 77 billion. So by the time win become, it might, it might be five years, 400 million because this is only Wemby second year. And they normally do to what? Three year, four year. Hey and Wemby is only what? 20? I think Wemby ISS 20. Hey, that's some, that's some. Oh, we gonna get there now. You hear me? We, we, huh? We huh? If you could harm, you can hear. We gonna see that. We gonna see that kind of money too.


And I'm, I'm, I'm gonna tell you how, I'm not even gonna tell you how we gonna see it, but we gonna see that kind of money. You hear me? We on, we on the right path. We on the right direction. Hey, now we might like hundred million, but we gonna see a hundred million. We might see 200. And I, I'm, I'm gonna tell you how, because I had a dream. I'm not talking, I'm not talking about like Martin Luther King. I had a dream. I saw the vision. I've already seen it. So I understand what's going to happen later on in the future. Well, I appreciate that. I see it too when I read forms and I see all those billion dollars, I say


Yep. These days it feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 Rocket. That's 804 Rocket


Catch. John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf Hals and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Okay. Wi Yama becomes a supermax eligible player player, meaning his rookie extension base salary will be 30% of the salary cap in instead of 25 when he enters his eighth year, he'll be 35% max eligible as opposed to the traditional 30%. So whatever the cap is, he's entitled to 35% of that. Damn. So he's available for 20 30% of it, of his rookie extension. Hey, that's what, so he's gonna be worth 35% of that. No, he's worth 30% of that. Hey listen, he worth, he worth every penny.


Hey, we can be as everything advertised Everyth. Yeah man. Every bit of it. So whatever Penny he get, he's earning every bit of it. Watching Aman play. Every penny he's gonna get. He's worth every bit. Yeah. Wemby, Wemby Wemby is definitely going to be the first 400 million player. Yeah, I like it. And and speaking of, remember I told you I was gonna start investing in going to the basketball game so I can, I can be better suited. Jason Tatum about to hit that. He just, I think about look what you, Jason Tatum just got, he just got three what? Three 20 He 26.


But that's what, but what, what about those next four years? It's 4 55. He'll be 31. So 30. So what's his next contract gonna be? His next contract might be, Hey, he might hit that 400. He just got three 20. It's hard to see a scenario. He gonna be 31 0 2 for him not to get another supermax. Mm. That's na boy, that's nasty work every boy that that that's nasty work. Boy. It's it's, it's good money. It's great money if you can get it. Oh yeah, absolutely. But you gotta you gotta understand you, you want you, you one of the best in the world. You one of the one percenters now.


And and that's what I made to tell you right before we go on, what I just, I just got courtside tickets. The timber wolves play The heat March 7th. Yeah. March 7th or March 6th, something like that. Whatever it was. I'm sitting right next to the bench where I'm sitting right next to the bam. Right. I'm a, I'm a church at Anthony Edwards. The whole game. The whole game the same way. Spike Lee Duke. And I wanna make sure I'm better suited to talk about basketball so I could sound like Tim Legger so I could sound like Doris Burke or George Ano. And when I come on here and you and you wonder what the hell happened to me and why I'm talking about the game the way I am as if I played it all my life.


You know why? Yeah. Okay. Ocho So you know, the discourse about the NBA wouldn't be complete without KD chiming in kd. This is what he tweeted. I think it's more fun to complain about the NBA than actually watch it crazy Cancel All Star weekend. Let's just give everybody a break since we're so miserable around this time. O Joe, what you got? Ah, I understand Katie's frustrations. I wouldn't even call it frustration. I think he's more so Listen, it's all Star Break. We ain't trying to hurt ourselves. We've tried to create different formats to appease you as fans to appease the viewers and it's not working. Well you know what? How about we just cancel All this because no matter what we do, we can't make y'all happy.


We failed at it. Adam Silverhill failed. The players have failed. We don't wanna play because I think for one, as much as the players make in anything that you do, whether it be in the court world, whether it be in sports, anytime money's involved and it's incentivized, it makes you wanna do whatever it is a little bit harder. Even though they make so much. That's why that, that was my suggestion yesterday, have some type of format where it's incentivized, where they can make a huge chunk of change even though they make millions during the regular season. Because outside of that, they already have f you money. So trying to get 'em to play at the All Star game Ain't Finn happen. That's why they shooting a hundred threes and throwing 200 alleys.


That's what he obviously KD was being sarcastic. Yeah. He's tired of hearing the criticism about the All-Star game and the All-Star game format and, and about not playing hard and things of that nature. KD is one of the ones he hear what people saying and it is his product and he's proud of the type of game that he plays. But everybody is not proud of the type of performance that a lot of the guys give at the All-Star game. Yeah. And, and you know, they voiced their displeasure. It'd been interesting to see, I would've loved to have seen, had Twitter been around in the nineties, early two thousands. What would've been said?


I think now, because you have social media ocho Yeah. And we don't have to wait, we don't have to just get our information. 'cause we can go online. If we got a problem with something, how could I, if I didn't like something, how could I say it? Ocho I couldn't say it, but at the barbershop now I can get online, I can get on the player, I can get on player's profile, his, his timeline. Man, you suck. Yeah. And talk some trash. And, and honestly, honestly, I think it's a great thing. I I I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing for fans. It gives everybody a voice, gives everybody a reason whether, whether right or wrong, whether right or wrong. And for those, and for players, especially athletes, elite athletes, like a kd LeBron as well.


Sometimes they engage back. I think for, for people that are, are fans of certain players or just fan of whatever sports you've played, just knowing that you can, even if they don't respond, knowing that you can act someone that you like or dislike and send a message. Yeah. Whether they see it or not. I think that's one of the greatest feelings in the world. I I think it is. I really think it is. I mean obviously I I agree. Go ahead. No, I'm saying I, I agree with you. You know, some guys, some guys don't pay any attention. KD is one of those guys that he's gonna respond. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If he think you're being dis I mean he don't respond to all things.


Yeah. But he responds to enough of them. He's one of the guys that probably respond more than anybody. I like that. I like that. Maybe any professional athlete that I, that I know. Yeah. And not just, not just any athlete. Huh? We talking about one of the best to ever play the game. You got one of the best to ever play the game. That's great. Right now that takes his time out to engage with people, whether it's negative or positive. That's a good thing. That's a great thing. And I wish more players would like that. And most of 'em that have accounts, they have other people running their account. You know, all they do is post, you know, stuff that is promoting things that they are doing, you know, sponsors and endorsements and stuff like that or whatever, clothing or, you know, whatever it may be. But people like KD and LeBron at times they actually chi they church back and forth.


LeBron don't really do, I mean, it's gotta be something really, really egregious. Right, right. For LeBron to respond. He normally just like, he's heard so much of it. Yeah. He's, he's almost damn near desensitized. I mean that's why people were really surprised that when he responded to Chuck, because he is like, he's been dealing with it from day one. Nobody has has, has been talked about as much. Nobody's been as criticized as much he understands now that comes along with the territory. There haven't been a guy that's been more polarizing. The gamut of emotions. I like him, I dislike him, I love him. I hate him. No player. Hey, in modern sports, you probably have to go no in between too.


It ain't, ain't nothing. Ain't no on the fence. It's one side or the other. LeBron responded to something, I guess, what's the guy's name? Doug? He won two, finally won two games. What? The guy Doug got? Yeah. Doug. Yeah. Hey, when, Hey listen bro, bro, bro, be waiting for that one. Yeah, but why, why did, did Doug say something about him in the past? Because that's the only reason why he would do something. Always, always, always. Oh, for real. Always. Oh, so it was Lauren and so that's, but see a lot of, a lot of times you gotta be smart enough and a lot of these players are smart enough. Why am I going to lend my audience your ear? Right.


So, oh, he went hard on Bronny. Okay. Okay. I, I knew it had to be. Oh, but here's the thing. How many, how many, how many? But look, there are a lot of people go back and look at the jobs. I think 80% of the jobs are filled and never advertised. Hey man, I'm hired. Hey, they hired whoever my job, you ought to put in the application. They didn't list the job, but somebody told you they were hired. Boom. You got in or you got somebody that works there that knows somebody. Hey, my buddy looking for a job. Oh Timma, come on in. I love to love to sit down and talk to him. But now it's cool when they do it, it's a problem when we do it.


Oh, so now when you just told me that and it sat, he was talking about Broing. Now it makes sense for the context in what LeBron tweeted. You give a now, so lemme ask you a question. How many of these coaches' sons just get put on the staff? Oh, all the, there ain't no problem. It happens all the time. Huh? It happens all the time. All time. Yes. And not a pee, not a sound about it. Now the people not a sound. Now obviously LeBron being in a, a special position that he, that he's in. And if anybody else would afford that opportunity to be one of the best to ever play the game and have an opportunity to get his son to play alongside him, you think I wouldn't do that. Of course.


Stop man. Stop playing please. You try to put your kids in the best situation possible. Always. That's what you strive for. Yes. Speaking of critiquing the NBA, Oscar Robinson has some issues to sell by Draymond saying the NBA is born. Let's take a listen to what the Big O had to say. Well, out of Draymond says so much. You know, who cares What dream Martin says? It doesn't mean anything. You know, you know people, this is what I mean, you know, I mean one guy can say this and one guy can say that the game is, the game is what it is. People either like the game or they don't. And I think people enjoy the game, especially if the team can win and, and you look at the basketball it might be born in. Because what if he, if he's not passed the ball of what is he doing?


I, I agree. I all single not to single that out because I think he knows how to play basketball, but he's passed his ball carry more than anyone I've ever seen than basketball. And so it means a lot. So, you know, it might be boring to him at times because from what he's doing maybe is boring when he is out there, he is not getting, he's not shooting the shot. He's not shooting a lot. He's not guarding a lot. So it's boring Man. The big old the big old. Yeah. Yeah. He listen, he gonna tell it like it is, huh? That's one that's know. Oh yeah, he's off. That's one thing the OGs, you know, the old, the older folk gonna do, especially when you criticize the, the game of basketball today. They gonna, they gonna find every, everything, every critique wrong with your game.


Why you playing right now and why you find it boring based on what you say now, is he right? Yes. In some sense. And he can also be wrong. So you, especially him, you can agree to disagree because Draymond feels exactly how it feels for a reason. But if you know anything about the big old, this is who he is. Yeah, he's always spoke, he's always spoken up. Right. He's always said exactly what was on his mind. Right now a lot of guys like, hey, you know, hey, blah blah, blah. But that's not how he is. He's gonna get right to the point and says, okay, well lemme tell you why it's boring because you don't get to shoot you passing the ball.


You setting screens that ain't no fun. Right. I mean, but listen, that that's, that's the player he is. That's not what he does. Obviously shooting is not his game. You know, setting screens, passing, being an enforcer. That's what Draymond does. Yes. I that that's what he does. So obviously that part of his game, it has to be enjoyable just when it comes to certain, certain aspects of it. Especially now at the All Star game. It's boring. Well when you look at it, Ocho I look at it like this. What am I good at? If I'm doing what I'm good at, I'm having fun. If I, if I, if I'm a scorer, but I'm not scoring, it ain't no fun. Draymond is a defensive player.


Pat, Bev, defensive players, you look at defensive guys that are limited or challenged offensively, they get excitement or the defending an offensive player gets get, gets satisfaction outta scoring. Well if I'm not scoring, what's my use again? Because everybody can't play both sides of the ball. That's a very, very, very, very, very, very few pit players that at an elite level could both put the ball in the basket and limit somebody on the another end. You're talking about an Elijah one. You're talking about a Jordan, you're talking about a Kobe, you talking about a Tim Duncan? You talking about David Robinson? You talking about LeBron when he was in his prime, there are very few guys that could give you 30 on one end and if a guy's averaging 30, hold him under that.


There ain't a whole lot of guys like that O Joe. Most guys are one dimension. You right, you right. Because that's how you make your money down with Joe putting the ball in the basket. And if, if you're not, if ahead, if you have no offensive prowess or offensive skillset on the defense end, you got to be elite. Yes. You got, you gotta be elite. And I think when it comes to Draymond and his role with the Warriors obviously being an enforcer, but what he's been able to do for them, he's very valuable in the way that, the way that he does some of everything. I mean he's a jack of all trades. He doesn't master anything. Yeah. Limited scoring. Okay.


Rebounder can run the offense a lot of times they run the offense through him. He does a great job of sitting picked and he'll fake it. Like he's gonna pass it and he'll drive to the hole. He's carved out a nice niche and he is probably gonna end up in the Hall of Fame. Oh yeah. With four championships, a defensive player of the year. Two gold medals he's probably gonna be in in in in Springfield. Yeah. Just, just the reality of it. Don't cha. Yeah, I like him. I like him. And one thing about Dre know he gonna fire back now. Hey he gonna fire back with all good respect though. The bigger, nah, he probably gonna say he, he, I mean really the really like the old guys like that. They let them fly. They do. Now maybe if Chuck had said something, he might have came back to Chuck Anthony, Edward would ask if he considers himself to be a top candidate candidate to be the face of the league going forward.


This is what he said. He said not really. That's what they got win before Ojo. Do you have a problem with what Antman said? I, 'cause I can see Antman is one that doesn't really want or need to be the face of the league. Antman is one of them. Just want to play basketball. Huh? Antman that kind of dude in high school. He got his book bag on and he got his goddamn basketball shoes tied to his book bag. He had the bus stop with his basketball shoes tied to his book bag after school. He on the park shooting. Everybody else going home. That's the type of dude Aman is. All I wanna do is play basketball. I don't want the pressure and what comes with being the face of the league. I want to have my fun. I'm gonna go out here and scope. I want to dunk on people and I want to talk my trash in the media.


Now a face of the league is a wim doesn't really have the personality to do so though man does. I think they want, they want the face of the league to be a little bit more buttoned up. See I man, that's boring. I'm just Okay. Jordan was boring. Kobe was boring. No boring. LeBron was boring. Jordan was boring, kept Curry is boring. Jordan was boring. I'm just telling you. You said it, you said, you said being buttoned up is boring. I said Jordan was. No, you said he's born. Jordan wasn't buttoned up on the, on the court. He did. You see the way Jordan, lemme ask you a question. How many times did you see Jordan give an interview without a suit on?


Okay, now that's different. Now o off off the court. He was straight beaten. That's what on Joe, that's what I'm talking about. Your game. You can't even beat the face of the NBA if your game doesn't speak on the court we're talking about off the court. Okay. And see I caught a lot of flat when I said they kind of want the guy to be a little bit more settled too. Okay. Okay. Jordan married Kobe. Yeah, I got you Married Bron married Steph, married everybody. Oh, oh, oh. He but, but just go look at at what you're correct. You're correct, you're correct. You, you are correct. You are correct. You, you are correct in that sense. But for me, you know, I am, you know, I I'm, I like the entertainment value. I like the exciting side. I like the person and the people that are gonna put buts in the seat.


I like a John Moran be in the face of the league. They would never let that happen. I like a Anthony Edwards being the face of the league. They would never let that happen. You, you, you, you get what I'm saying. They would, I like the, I like the, I like the Allen Ierson o of the world to be the face of the league. But it would, it would never happen. Not with 'em corn big bag with he when he buy on five x t-shirts. But I'm just saying, I'm thinking about thinking about thinking about my way of playing the game of football. I could never be the face of anything ever because of the way I, my style in which I played got on the field, I was the exact same way off the field. Hell, I'm still the same way now.


So I stay in my lane and I do what works for me because I do it extremely well. You look at the quarterbacks, oh they got, there's bit. Oh. But there's one quarterback that, that has refused to change and has remained his authentic self. He down there in Baltimore, he wasn't up eight. He from Papano ain't changed one bit. Right. Who The face of the league right now. Mahome 15. Yeah. Okay. And before and and before he, and before he left. Who was that? Well number 12 and then Manny. Yeah. It, it's, it's, you see it's all about image. Whether you live that life or not.


What did people, because Harry is the thing, you remember Tiger? Tiger was the face of golf. Yeah. He got married, he had a family. He was wholesome. Yeah. It was the all American dream. Why did people get upset? Because that's not really who he was. I'm so glad you just said that 'cause I was just getting ready to go there. When we talk about Peyton Manning, when we talk about Tom Brady. Brady and I talked to Tom when I was in New England after seeing him interacting and see how he is when the cameras aren't rolling. And I asked him, are you truly happy not being able to be exactly who you authentically are? How are you, how, how you have to mask this for all these years.


This ain't even you. Yeah. Peyton Manning. I've seen Peyton, the real Peyton Manning at the Pro Bowl. If this happened to him talking the interview, Who the hell up this? That ain't you. But the thing is Ocho is that they've done it for so long because your quarterback is like, when you are one of those guys, they've been quarterback all their life. And so they get to understand you got to be positive in all situations. Everything. When you, when somebody plays bad, you take the blame. I need to do better of putting my guys in position to make plays. They say they, they get so and so. It's, it's like you said, it's robotic.


It is methodical. You like, man, why we, I understand why we gotta interview the quarterback, but he ain't gonna ever give you nothing. Never, never. Hey, so what, what are we doing here? A 15 over there in Kansas City The same way. It's like they went to training. It's like they went to training for this. Gimme something different. Matter of fact, we just, we just talked about this the other night. I mean, you you got on me, you got on me about people telling the truth, remember? Yeah. Yeah. You, they did. You you they just can't. And I don't like that. I, I I I don't like it. I mean it's just the way, it's the nature of the businesses the way it will always be. And look at the quarterbacks. What did that, what is that getting married?


Jalen Hearst. What is he getting married? Josh Allen. What is he getting? Right? Married. Oh, you think it's a coincidence? No, not at all. Oh, Katie. Okay. Long as we here, long as we here, we, well hold on, hold on, on. Well, well listen, it's the funny thing about it too, as they are finding wives, you know, 'cause in the Bible say when a man finds a good, when a man findings a wife, he's finding a good thing. You notice how things after they get married think continue to elevate, continue to go Great. Think continue to. So guess who else Finn get married. O huh? Yeah. Oh, hey, why you going Guess what?


Osha too. I'm coming in out the way too. I'm trying Get ready. Go. Come on, come on. Hey, you know what they say, you know what they say now when one out the group get married, it, it causes a trickle effect and everybody start walking down the aisle. I'm gonna jump the broom. Wait. Huh? Gonna jump the have A ceremony. Hell, if I get married, if that's the wrong one, I jump back across. We divorce. Yeah, you gotta come in on that. You gotta come in on that red, don't you?


Hey all. What you say? It was the wrong one. You gonna jump right across the room. I jumped back across the room drunk. Right crossing. We divorced. Hey, all that buddy. Oh, and another thing I want you to say. The bigger, the bigger diamond that you buy, the more likely it is to get you get divorced. Ah, that's what, that's what, that's what studies show. Wait, I I was going ask you where that came from. Is that real? Yes. Hey, because do you think about our grandparents? They ain't had no diamond. They had a gold band. Yeah, everybody had a band back then. Yeah, my grandma had a, my grandma had a gold band. Grandma Charlie had a gold band. Granny had a gold band.


I don't, I guess these diamonds came along in the fifties or or sixties or something. I don't know because my, my granny, my granny, my grandma got married in the, in the forties, right? Yeah. Four gra I think Gran Granny got married in like 42, 43. Grandma Charlie got married in like 39, 38, something like that. But it, I get it, I get it. You know, you're like, and the women like, I won't, you know, I won't at least six carrots. I want at least 10 carrots. I want this. I mean, what kind of carrots you, you about the kind of bugs bunny bus be Hey, because hey, but the, the prices are diamonds are coming down.


The beers you see, they got these lab grown diamonds and it's really, really hard to tell. And so everybody start flocking to that. But Ocho, I I, I look at, at some point in time, Ocho you know, yo, I gotta come in. I'm about this rain ocho, you gotta come here. Yeah. See, see, see now listen to me now you hear me? You, you started to listen to me now. I know, I know. You got your team of people. They, they keep, they keep everything, they keep everything together for you. You hear me? You know you got, you got, you got a good squad over there. You know, you got, you got this bench. Yeah. Yeah. You got things running, you know, consistently in a good way. But when you find a woman and, and she lay her hands on you, well you ain't gonna know what hits you, you hear me? You ain't gonna know what hits you because I don't want you, I don't want you getting older and I don't want you, I don't wanna see you in the home.


I want, I leaving with my daughter. How you gonna invade her space like that? He already told, he already told her boyfriend. My daddy get old. He go, I, he gonna stay with me. Okay. All right. Okay. I was like, nah, you too much like me. You be yelling and screaming. I can't, I can't take that. Hey, look, you, you know what? You, you, you making joke now I want you to think about something now. What, what you wanna think about Mr. Statistically, you're 57, right? I'll be 57 in June. Okay. 57 in June. Well, we gonna do something special. I'm, I'm 47. Right? You got the thing? Yeah. We've already lived the better half of our life.


Oh yeah. Yeah. I I'm close. I, yeah, I, I, I tell myself some now listen to me now. Stay with me. Chat. We've lived the better half of our life now. We still have a good amount of life to live, but at this point, we ain't got no time to be playing no games. If we ain't found nobody in our twenties, we ain't found nobody in our thirties. You know, you ain't found nobody in your forties. You know I'm finna be, I'm finna be 50, man. I, for me, Ocho, I ain't got time to be playing no more. You hear me? What I tell when I tell you, man, man, it's my time and I, I deserve, I'm perfect. Yeah. I'm, I ain't never been perfect, but I deserve, I know my, my, my time and ticking my clock is, my clock is ticking.


Yeah. I'm Finn get what I deserve. But I ain't got time. I ain't got time to play. Oh, I, I just, I wanted to show you that cardiac crash too. I forgot to, I got show you that, you know, I didn't enjoyed spend all that buddy buy that spin. All that buddy know. Hey, listen. Hey, thanks, thanks to Nightcap. You know I'm moving different. All 2025 and different. I'm gonna tell you something in, in chat If, if you pay attention, I got one quote that will be signed anytime you see me moving and acting different and outta character this year. Oh, we saw. Oh yeah. I'm just letting you know. We, well, is your fault pro all that? Listen, it's, it's, it's your fault.


It's your fault. Because I, I never knew things like this were able to happen. If I wasn't catching a football and scoring touchdowns. Huh? When they tell you God is good, well, you ain't been nothing but a blessing. You hear me got, I'm gonna be the first one to thank you. They talking about Jesus got this will shit. Unc got the will. Nah. We just, it's the man Look, like I told you, like unc man, when we gonna get, you know, you had, I had a conversation offline. I said, no Joe, we gonna be so good. They got, they got to come see us. Hey, listen, they, they coming. They gotta come see us. You saw the movie Field of Dreams, right? Yeah. You know what they said in the movie? In the movie? They said build it.


If you build it, they'll come. They'll come. Yes. Now for us, what people have to also understand, we, it comes to us State. Say, look, look, look, use your eyes. Now when it comes to us, things come a little bit more difficult and we gotta work a little harder to get where you wanna go. Well, we, we just, we keep doing what we doing. They're gonna have to come see us because they see like our fan base Look, we gonna have, we're gonna have doubters, naysayers, haters, whatever you wanna call them. But all I know is that 25,000, 50, 80, 90,000, they li they watch, they listen and they like our content.


A lot of times people quote, come back and they quote our content. So advertiser sponsors see that. Trust me, I'm sitting in the meetings with 'em. Yeah, I'm talking to 'em. I know what they're saying. So all that other stuff that people be talking about, oh, they ain't talking about nothing. Y'all Who, who, okay, who ain't talking about nothing? Okay, boy, you better tune in for two hours, especially on the night. Like tonight when I'm feeling good, you can tell I'm feeling good. 'cause I'm talking real goddamn fast and I ain't even cursed. I ain't even cursing. Tonight I'm feeling good. Why I feeling good? Because I took me a nap. I slept for two. I I slept for three, four hours a day.


This this what you get these days, it feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their start of homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 804 Rocket.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say former Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle Lee, Heather McMahon, Amanda Ball Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It's on, it's only gonna get better ojo. It's only gonna get better. Jackie Kailin Clark agent says she won't ever be paid what she's worth to the league. Will Kai Clark ever be paid by the WNBA? What she's really worth to that league? I don't think that's possible. She's a part of a larger play player body. They all need to be paid more. She should be recognized for what she has done and what she's brought to the league from an economic standpoint. It's as simple as that. Yeah, I mean it is what it is. The product is a product. Yeah. The money and revenue that they bring in it is what it is. So there's only so much you can make Now, Caitlin Clark, her money gonna come off the court. That's where she ain't gonna make her.


Hey, that's for her. Asia Wilson, Kelsey Plum Young. What's Bayou Barbie? Bayou Barbie re that's where it's gonna come from. And a along with the other players. But as things increase, they, they, they're gonna be fine. They're gonna be fine. As time goes on, things are gonna get better for all those women in the WNBA because it, the game is exciting. I know a lot of people, they talk about it. They, they, they trash on it 'cause they not dunking and doing all this stuff. But the game is very exciting and it's, it's an environment that you can enjoy If you just go watch a game, you'll understand. Absolutely. But I think the thing is ojo is that there are certain players.


Michael Jordan was never played his value to the NBA. Oh yeah. Kobe, LeBron step. They, they're not right. You, you can't, unless you gonna pay, unless you're gonna play 'em 150, $200 million. That's the only way you can't, Jordan was making, think about what the league was when magic and their magic and bird, they got TV to be a live event. All of a sudden now the the finals weren't taped delayed. Jordan took it to a store. A whole new stratosphere. Jordan making five, $6 million. How the hell you paying Michael Jordan? Five to 6 million? Crazy. Huh? Kobe, LeBron. So got, and, and, and women like, like I say women, her in particular, let's deal with her.


Right. You can't pay her her worth. You can't. Unless, unless you play her 15, $20 million and, and that, that would probably be her worth right now. Yes. Reaction Clark salary is expected to be just over $78,000 for the 2025 season. Whoa. An economist for IU Indiana University recently calculated that Clark was responsible for 36 million in economic impact to the city of Indianapolis and almost 27% of the league's economy activity in 2024, including attendance, merchandise, sale and television.


What, what do you, but when Stephen a we were skewed, we were right across the coast when we said what we said, everybody know knows that, what did you just say? Her salary was for 2025. 78,000 this year. 78,000. All we did was try to tell, said, look, she's the biggest thing in the WNBA and WNBA history. Oh, what about, I said, guys, that's not to minimize what other Jordan was the biggest thing to hit. You're like, you can't what will Oscar and all those guys. But Jordan was a different level.


It's okay to say that. Yes, there were great players, be it Cynthia Cooper, be it Lisa Leslie, be it Cheryl Swoopes, all of those, whoever you wanna name. The biggest thing to ever hit the WNBA is Caitlin Clark. Mm. Hey, listen, timing is everything. Ti timing is everything. The timing in which she started doing what she did at Iowa, the timing in which she entered the NBA along with Andrew Reese, the, the, the feud between them. Not really a feud, but I'm just saying from a competitive standpoint with LSU playing Iowa, that the timing in which they came into the NBA, I mean, it, it was perfect, especially in this social media era.


Era. I'm talking about area, social media era. It was perfect. So don't get mad. I mean, I would embrace it. I be trying to push her, Hey man, put on the Liberty team, man. You may know all the Jersey said, we gonna say these little girls gonna be put on there all star game. Let her be a star a, even if she ain't a starter. Right. Let her be a starter. If she don't, if she injured Bo as in the, like they did Magic Johnson in 92 and and understand, understand, have the long-term vision. Have the long-term vision to understand what having her in positions does for everybody else.


Yep. I mean, look, she does, I mean, Michael made all his money off the court because he had to still is making Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. But I'm saying, I mean, and then, you know, like I said, he made a couple of like, LeBron stepped me. Come on bro. How you gonna play them what they're worth possible and 78,000, man, come on man. They die. Woo. Well hopefully she can make 200,000. It, it jumps all the way up to 200,000, which is, you know, 200,000 is a lot of money. So I don't want people to say, can I talk about he, he done lost touch reality. I understand guys, when we look at stuff in sports term, we understand that the average person is not gonna be making $200,000 a year.


Yeah. Once you get to, once you get to six figures, you get hit that a hundred thousand mark, that's the money. Then you go to one 50, you go to 200, you go to 300. Yeah. We understand that. Well, we are speaking in sports terms, right. Sports terms and all I know is she's worth more than $78,000. That's what I know. I dunno, any I, Hey look, I ain't no economist, but I know, I know when I, I saw her at, at the, at at the ass game. I know they had like 19,000 fans up in there. Yeah. And listen and listen and, and, and to speak on it, not to leave anyone else out.


She's worth more than that. Asia Wilson is worth more than that. All the young ladies in the WNBA, especially those that are stars on their Pacific teams are worth more than what they're being paid right now. Ocho I don't think you heard me. They estimate that she's almost 27% responsible for the economic activity in the league. Attendance, merchandise, sale and television. One person that people swore up and down and called me everything but a child of God when I said this and I didn't even need numbers to back me up. Right. Because I saw the buzz. I saw the buzz buzz from when she was in college, right?


Yeah. The real field. Jeez. Yes. I got it. Funny. I got a question. Yes. If you played Caitlin Clark one-on-one till 11 right now, you think you could score? Man, look here man. My knees. Y'all have to roll me around the wheel, man. I ain't, I ain't ran or did anything. Hell no, man. When I squat, I have to come home and ice my knees. And you talking about running bound up and down to that hard ass court? Hell no. I can't beat Caitlin Clark.


No. Hell, I could barely beat Roy Clark and he been dead 40 years. Man. Please could I score? Yeah. Just with my physical size just overpowered, but I ain't beat. Okay. Okay. Because after my, after about we get about five minutes in my back. Go tighten up. Damn. Screen gonna be tight. Yeah, man, please. Yeah. That was funny. That's all I need. I, I jumped one time now. I done pulled a quad. I done pulled a hamster. Nah, hell calf. No, I'm good. She got it.


That was funny. No, I ain't be, Hey, I ain't beat none of them whip now. Hey, now if you'd asked me when I was in my twenties Yeah, yeah, yeah. You could score in. Yeah, yeah. Go score. I'd beat all the ass. I can't, I'm 57 every, every lady in the NBA right now, I guarantee you I'm, I'm older than their parents. Yeah. Or close. We might be the same age. They might have graduated 85. I graduated 86, but it ain't much different. Oh man. That's bad. Please. I, I thought I I thought you were, you know, when you gonna put up a little fight, but you, you got it. Nah, no, no, I'm real. I'm real. Okay, okay.


Okay. I 57. I haven't driven a basketball in like 30 years. I haven't run since 2009. And you think I'm about to just go out there and play somebody that does this for Wait, hold on man. You, you don't jog, you don't do no cardio at all. I do cardio, but it's on, it's not low impact to no impact machine by stationary by stuff like that. Right. You're right, you're right. I'm, I've tried it bro. I got artificial hips. I need a, I need a knee replacement probably in the next three years. I've tried to post, push that down the road, Ocho Nah, I'm good. No, I'm good. Maybe, maybe next time I get maybe the next life, Trevor Lawerence, doesn not want to go to the Steelers.


I was like, I wouldn't say your heart drops, but you're kinda like, what? And then I'm thinking about how can I even get, I have a no trade clause in my contract, so I would know about it and if I was getting traded or if something that was gonna happen, you know, I'd have to be on board with it, which I'm not, I'm happy here in Jacksonville. I play, I plan on, you know, we want to win a Super Bowl here and I think that we can do that. And I don't wanna leave Jacksonville, so I'm happy here. So obviously not going to Pittsburgh. Well, listen, you could be happy as you want, but when something like this comes out, it come, it's coming. The call is coming from inside the house. The call is coming from inside the house. The, the, the rumors they coming from inside the house because they're not happy with you plate.


They just paid you a whole lot of money. Yeah. You mi you, you missed the back half of the season 'cause of the injury. You know, that's understandable. But your plate has been abysmal, which is why the calls are coming from inside the house. Stuff like this start from somewhere, from stuff like it, stuff like this gets leaked purposely to the media. But this is a good wake up call for Trevor Lawerence to get the, you know, to, to tighten up to get it done because they will move on from you. Like he said, they'll ocho he has a no trade, so any trade cannot happen unless he signed up on it. He ain't gonna have no choice but to sign off on it. If they, if they tell you they don't want you, then they gonna binge. That's okay. Guess what?


This my house. I, you, you, I mean you, it ain't for sale. I wanna buy it. It ain't for sale. Listen, I know the answer to his problems and it's very simple. What's that? The answer to the Jacksonville Jaguars problems in anything dealing with Trevor Lawerence. There's one simple answer. Throw the ball to Brian Tom Jr. Every play I guarantee you'll be all right. I guarantee you. Hey Bradley, bill, throw the ball to Brian Tom Jr. Every time. Oh, Joe, I don't know you don't keep up with this, but Bradley Bill got a no trade clause. They did everything. They put the man had got the man coming off the bench.


He's like, I ain't waiting for my trade. No trade clause. Guess where Bradley Bill lives still in Phoenix. Hey, I thought, hey, I thought them three was gonna be special. Boy. Even, even though they in some way are really the same players all at the same time outside of kd, him and Booker, you know, what's the difference between Bradley be and Booker from a skillset standpoint? I'm not talking about being efficient and shooting. I'm, I'm just in, you know, can both handle the ball both shoot the three. Yeah. Got a mid rank, can put the ball on the flow, you know, can play off the ball if need be. Yeah. For me, I think Booker a little better. Booker's a better player than B now.


Yeah, but hey, and plus go to Pittsburgh where they got state tax. I'm in, I'm in Florida. They ain't got no state income tax. Nah, I'm good right there at all. Yeah. Trevor Lawerence along. I know. Listen, all the players see this too, huh? But when I, I did the band event. Yeah. Everybody, everybody, oh, all, all the players talk about Nightcap. Jake. Oh, oh yeah. I went to, I went to the fanatics party, they gave back. Guy got love. I saw Jetta, saw Chase, I saw a lot of the guys. Oh, o they was so Trevor Lawerence. I know you gonna see this. I'm gonna solve your problems. I could solve your problems right here, man. There's one answer. Number seven, he with the LSU throwing the ball every play.


I don't care what play they call you see, you see two high safety running. You see one high safety, throw it to seven. Boom. Case close. Matter of fact, when these go stream, do ball The Volume O'Reilly,


Shop Superstar Premium Extreme, or platinum batteries at O'Reilly Auto Parts and get up to a $15 gift card after rebate. O reward members can also get a $5 reward with their battery purchase. For power, performance, and reliability, choose super start only at O'Reilly Auto Parts Oh, oh O'Reilly Auto Parts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports Reporter and Host. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kera. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg and iHeart Women's Sports Production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner Of iHeart Women's Sports.