
Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner.


And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower And iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed.


Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed.


Listen on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to draft Kings Sports Book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a noninvasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance. Also tong. If you're 45 years or older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 and estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you. Sorry I'm late. This is totally my fault. Meetings ran longer than I anticipated and I didn't give Jordan my room key. So that's on me. There's no excuse. Yeah, and I'm not about to make one for you, so I apologize sincerely, but I thank you guys for staying with Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Ocho, look at your boy Boost Mobile sign on the road. You see we pull out all the stuff. Okay. When you sign on for Shake Shape Media, there's no length we won't go through to make sure. Hold on. Can I, can I get one of them? Yeah. Okay. I see I what? We got me. We having a small discrepancy now. This is the second time I just got ocho. You got, You got something? I don't have something. I Just got it today. But you okay. Well listen. You don have, if they Sent you one, you supposed to ask for two, two of everything. When you win the award, you asked for two Awards. O Joe, we gonna make shit. Yours is at your grandma's house, so go over there and get it. It's, yeah. Okay. Okay. Why you tell me that? Actually, it was delivered two weeks ago, but that's neither here. No death. But anyway, we gonna keep moving right along. Please, please make sure you subscribe to the night, the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button. Thank you guys. I appreciate it. Unfortunately, I was a little late today. Y'all know how I hate tardiness. I hate lateness. Oh. Oh. But that was on me. Yeah. Whose fault? Whose fault was it? Was it your fault? It was My fault. Absolutely. 'cause listen, when, when, when I'm late. The, the few times I was late, you getting on me telling me I'm unprofessional. So technically you've been unprofessional. I was trying to see the difference is I was trying to make us some money. I was in some meetings trying to make some money. Okay. Hold, hold on, hold on now. Yeah, max, we not gonna make excuses. No, no, no. The point is, the show starts at 10. Do you owe money? Do you want that money? Yes or no? Let me, let me finish. Okay, lemme finish. Okay. Regardless of what you doing, you knew you had to make us some money long before 10 o'clock was gonna come. Nah. So you need to let, let me finish. Okay. You need to schedule whatever it is, whatever business you need to do ahead of time so that you are on time. This is unprofessional. You wouldn't do this at ES espn. Oh, you wouldn't do this at Club Shaha. Well, don't do It here. Absolutely. I'll be doing this. Absolutely. Club Shaha for this. What I had to do today. Yeah. Club Shaha would've got canceled. I again had to take a rain shake. I ain't gonna lie. Hey, Hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey, hey, hey. This sound good. Now talk to me. ESPN two, Hold on. I, I'd call Stephen a, I'd have called Stephen a Stephen a unfortunately, I'm not gonna be able to join you today. Hold on, hold on. Okay. This, this sound good. Tell me why you ain't even tell me. Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me what the deal Is. But I tell you what it, it is gonna be, it is gonna benefit the both of us. That's, I can assure, I can assure you that Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it. Have it in stock in abundance. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you to enjoy this beautiful season, there's no better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade. Order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly. And guess what else guys? Be safe out there. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. That's she, she media and my clothing company 84. We just dropped our Super Bowl show. Super Bowl merch shirts and hats and bundle. The link is pen at the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited. So please make sure you grab yours because once they're gone Ocho they're gone. Ocho, before we get into our first topic, something happened yesterday and you wanted an opportunity to respond. So the floor is yours. Oh, absolutely. Listen, listen. Cam, cam has some, some,


some, some stuff to say. And I had, I had to think about it and, and I had to listen to it and, and think about some stuff that, that, that was brought up from two years ago where I said, can you, my mans, and I'm coming for your spot Now, I'm not sure how that's taking this hate when all you have to do is understand that I'm saying I'm coming for your spot because I see you as the standard that is setting the bar in that specific space. So you took that as a insult, which is weird to me. I'm not sure how you, how you can do that. But if you check the motherfucker, if you check the numbers, what I say that I'm gonna do, I've already done and surpassed that in this specific space.


Now he said, he asked me to come join them, You know, to do something with them. And I, I told him, You know, okay, you gotta check with my people. You gotta reach out to my people. Who, when I, when it was time for me to work with you, what did I ask you to do? Huh? Reach out to who? I talked to Doug. You talked to Doug. So boom, we did an, You know, like that. Right? That's the way I handled business. You know, I don't run nothing through me. Right? So I guess that was seen as a sign of disrespect because I chose to come over here with you. Boom. Okay, now we brought up the issue with he talking about money and bags and how much you pay guest feature. You know, how much we pay our, our guest features, buddy.


I ain't no guest feature, boy. I'm the main attraction. What is you talk, what is you talking about? I always been the main attraction. There's a, there's a difference in your lane. You do what you do. I'm in, I'm in completely different lanes and completely different rooms from you. Despite me always playing around and joking. It's different. For one, you wouldn't have been able to afford me to begin with. Let's start there. And I'm not trying to be disrespectful. I'm not trying to be disrespectful, huh? I think because I do everything entertaining, fun, laughing way, you kind of forget and don't really understand what's being done over here and how special what we have is.


And that's no disrespected them. 'cause I like they show. Right. I love it is what it is. 'cause it's different than what we do. Their views, they got some high ones, but it's mainly about going at people and jigging at people. You know, over here it's about having fun, entertaining, and the stories. Yeah. Completely different. Two different shows. I love them though. Yeah. Then You know, cam, he's a Harlem dude, I've been to Harlem. My face is clean in Harlem most of the time. Those that I know from Harlem, You know, they don't act like that.


You getting a little emotional for nothing. Especially about stuff that's showed one allegedly happened two years ago. Two years ago. And it was, it was a sign of respect because I see you as the standard, right. Of what it is to be the best at in this space. Right? Then the Stephen eight, the Stephen eight thing. You talk about weird and I don't like, you don't like my vibes. Listen for one, the whole world know I'm joking and trolling. It's a, it is a, it is a funny story that wasn't even true to begin with. And you took that serious. So then now you're getting personal with the words and the talking. I post my location where I'm at every day on what you tell me to stop doing.


Stop catching rides from the airport, right? Yep. Everybody know where I am every single day, no matter what city I travel to, I'm outside all the time. If it was really an issue or you really didn't like me and it was a problem, I'm easy to find, especially in Miami. If I'm not mistaken, you be here. Y'all feel I'm here. If I'm not mistaken, I show everybody respect. Huh? I show everybody love. What's one problem that you've always gotten on me about doing a show like this? I don't do enough. What? When it comes to talk about players. Yeah. You don't critique enough. I don't critique enough because I'm always showing love.


I'm always showing respect no matter what. I never get outta line with nobody. Right. But the words that were displayed is if it's a personal issue. Now, if it's a personal issue, which I've never had with anybody, because I always worry, everybody love and respect, I'm easy to find because I'm outside. Always in Harlem too. That's the stomping grounds, right? I be at Ricardo's all the time. Matter of fact, I'm gonna be in New York Monday and I'm gonna be at Ricardo's at five o'clock to be exact. But it's, it's, it's always, it's always love.


No, never disrespect. And that's it. Me, I perfect and I Love you. Me, I perfectly, And I, and I, and I love and I, and I love you unless you want to go another route. The way I look at it, Ocho I think you explained too much. You did what you did. You don't, you're not, you don't represent yourself. Most people. That's why you hire representation. If you didn't want representation, you could have done it on yourself. And yeah, you could save three, five, 10%. But you chose to have a representative that funnels everything through. I reached out to Doug 'cause I knew Doug was your representative. I didn't reach out to you first. I reached out to Doug.


I said, Hey man, what's up with Ocho? Where I wanna run something by Ocho funny Ocho in town. Hey, can we meet at the Palm and such and such and such and such a time? You showed up, I made the pitch to you. You say, unc, I'm good. I said, well listen, don't even worry about the money. I trust you. So that was, that's what, that's how we handled that. I don't, like I said, look, I people like, man, you don't, I said, bro, y'all gotta know what Ocho serious. Y'all gotta know what Ocho joking. Y'all don't seem to know witch is. Which, so that's on y'all. I know when he is joking. I know when he is being serious. But for me, Ocho and we had this conversation and you hit me up yesterday. I say for me, I just let it rock. I Yeah.


I felt just then you explained too much That you Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I did listen sometimes some you got, sometimes you got, you got to clear the air. Right. You got the, you got to clear the air. 'cause then you have a issue. Right? Well, he could Have called Ocho if that was the case. If he, if he had an issue with you, he could have reached out the phone and he could have called you. You. That's, that's how I know it wasn't an issue. It wasn't, it wasn't no issue. For real. You have a show to do. You have a, he has a show to do. He has a show to do. I and I understand that. I understand that. But the disrespect, you don't have to like me. I don't care about that part. Get in line. It's a lot of them. Right. But the disrespect like that.


And then you got the wrong people hearing it. And it's ruffling feathers. It really shouldn't be ruffling. 'cause I don't move like that. Never have I, I think the thing is, but, but Anyway. Oh, Joe, and then hold on. Oh, and this is, this is another thing. What? Hold on. Didn't talk about the money and the, the, the pocket watching unc. I do, I I have a question. Do they understand how many jobs I have? I'm, I'm just curious. No, Unc, I got 50 11 jobs. Unc then you, you being slicked the mouth. Talk about if you need a job. I ain't hiring no more. Unc, this me, what is you talk what, what, what are we talking about?


There's levels to everything. You in one lane, I got about 50 left of them. There's a difference. But because I, I play around and have fun with it. For some reason, you think we on the same level? It ain't never been that. Even when you was in your prime, there's the difference. I would, I would not. I'm, I'm, I'm hu I'm humble. Well see. I'm humble. No, no. I am glad. I'm humble. But see what everybody was coming for. Unc. You like, they, I tried to tell you they were gonna call you. No, I, no.


I, what, what did I tell you? What did I tell you? I was YI was the enforcer. Right. You know, enforcer. I was, I was, I Letting that edge Go. Listen. I said I was the enforcer. I'm not saying anything wrong. I'm just addressing what was addressed towards me. Yeah. In a respectful way. In a respectful way. Still. Right. As a small Reminder for me, Ocho the reason why I stopped and I said I'm not going back and forth with nobody. And there have been a couple of guys still taking shots. They got too much money at stake. I'm not Oh yeah. A lot. I'm Oh, hey. Say say it, say it again one more time. It's too much money at Stake. Too much what? Too much money At stake? Yeah. Oh, A Lot of it. P Master P and Gilley say, boy, say if you ain't careful, they'll trick you out your spot.


They're not gonna to get me out this spot. No, no, no. That that ain't, that ain't even happening. That ain't happen. So whatever issue y'all may, may or may not have. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know anything about this. All I know is that Ocho, you and I, Hey, we do Nightcap. We do what we do and we keep it moving. We don't talk about hold, hold on. We don't talk about anybody else on their podcast. No matter what they say about us, no matter what they do, whatever their numbers are, whatever their views, whatever their downloads, whatever advertisement or sponsorship they have. Congratulations. Because they what I know 80% of the money that's in circulation was printed in 2020. Moving forward, sir. So guess what? If the government runs outta money, they'll print more.


There's enough for everybody to choose to do this. To eat. Yeah. Nightcap or all the smoke, the pivot. It is what it is. Whoever a podcast p whoever have a podcast. There ain't no reason for us to be beefing. Joe GaN ain't be beefing with call her daddy. He's, they're not beefing with Caleb. They're not beefing with Theo Vaughn. I don't know why. We got issues Now. We listen. We don't, we don't have no issue. But You have understand. But why? We gotta address why we gotta address it. Listen, you, you listen this. Wait, listen to me. This is what you got. This is what you gotta do. You know, if somebody, if somebody says something, then it's, it's our right to respond. It is in a re in a listen to me.


Let me finish that. In a re in a respectful way. In a respectful way. What? There's a misunderstanding. Because for one, like I said, what what was said in that tweet out two years ago, it was, it was a sign of respect. Well, I'm coming for your spot because I see you as that boy. You Should address it then why address it now Be because it's, it's, it's good. It's, it's good. It's not a, it's not a bad thing, huh. You know? But, but again, I always show love and respect to everybody. Always. Now you don't have to like me, but you will respect me. And if they listen, if there is an issue, I post everywhere I'm at and will never change that everywhere.


Well, can we move on now? 'cause I think we've given them 17 minutes too much of our time. Oh, wait a minute. That this, that, that's what it's about. This. It's what it's about. It it, it is what it is. You know, we love what they do. I love what they do. You feel me? It's a funny show them boys funny. You know, we got our own, we got our own thing. We do our thing in our lane. Like you say, it's enough room for everybody. I mean, to let nobody trick us out our spot. No, absolutely Not. Especially about that money, because I got 50 11 kids to raise and I got a goddamn new house. I gotta decorate now.


Where we at? We good? Huh? We good? We done with this topic. We done with this. So Chad, don't jump in there and stuff. Like, did you see what he said? I don't care. They can talk about me all they want to. Hey, I don't ocho Hopefully OCHO is done with this. They can they come? Yeah. Hey, he said what? He said Ocho responded. Hopefully we can move on. But for me, I ain't got no issue with nobody. I, I'm, I, I, like I said, I, I refuse to to, to go back and forth. I don't see a, a really a need to whether or not they like us or like me or dislike OCHO or whatever the case may be. I wish you guys nothing but the best. But I do know there's enough room for everybody to get to get a piece of this pie.


And so that's the way I'm gonna approach it. So I wish you guys the Best. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. Come on with that humble shit. There's enough room for everybody to get a piece of the pie. But You know who gonna get the bigger piece man. Huh?


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit. Build a card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can bill credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchasing and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime credit builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Bill your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime. Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network. ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Lay ocho, let's move on. That's Enough room for the pie, but You know, gonna get the bigger piece. Last night, Luca, last night Luca showed the Maverick. Wait A minute, we ain't even talking about my new place. We're gonna get to that. Let's get to the topic tonight. Okay. Last night, Luca showed the Mavericks what the decision to trade him. Cut age horribly. He had his first career, triple double the Laker as a Laker finishing with 19 points, 15 rebounds, 13 assists. There were chance and the Crip. Thank you Nico. Thank you Nico. I don't know how much the game that you watch, but I could tell Luca was a little nervous. Obviously he wanted to have a big game. And that's what you wanna do when you play your former team Ocho.


You're not, you don't need to prove them wrong. You need to prove you, right? 'cause You know what you can do. And Luca, with the exception of a game, what the game against the nuggets, he's kind of struggled with his shot. It's gonna take him a while to get his legs, to get, to get in the feel of things. He's learning a new offense. Learning obviously never played with a guy like LeBron, but this is gonna pro prolong LeBron's career. I can see LeBron playing another two, three seasons after getting Luca. But yeah, watching Luca last night, he's special. Everybody knows it. He can pass out of the double team. You see, they did a great job. They tried to, he got going early and then they trapped him, double him. Blitzed him. Wanna get the ball out of his hands. And he made the right plays more time than not.


But LeBron came to the rescue in the fourth quarter with 16 points, 16 huge points. Made every right play. And it was a good win for the, the Lakers don't take too much silence because they was playing without Anthony Davis playing without Lively. Andy was also playing without Daniel Gaffey. But I liked the Mavericks. I think the La Mavericks, once they get Luca, yeah, excuse me. Once they get ad back healthy with Kyrie and the way Kyrie can play off the pick and roll the way ad can play in the pick and roll mid-range. All three should scored all three levels. I think the Mavericks got got a got, got a good team, but I was really impressed with the Lakers and how they were able to finish this game off even though the MAs were underhanded. Undermanned ocho let that go.


We done moved on with that. What? Duh. I I see it. I I see it. It's still in your head. I'm, I'm, I'm focused. He focused. Hey, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm locked in. I'm locked in. Huh? I'm locked in. I'm, I'm, listen, I'm thinking about the bad. I'm thinking about it. I can't let nobody trick me out my spot. Exactly. If you not gonna, you tricked out your spot. I got you. Hey, Can, hey, can I tell you something? What? You know, I heard somebody talking about like, if, if You know, if he, if you need a job, you ain't hiring no more. You know, I just got a new, a new job. You got a new one? Where you working at? Yep. Can I tell you? Yeah, I'm gonna see you on Monday.


Congrat. Thank you. I-A-I-A-A-A-I. I appreciate that. And matter of fact, hey, guess what else? Guess what else, what else? I'm gonna see you on Tuesday morning too. Today the athletic reported the Mavs had an issue with Luca smoking hookah and drinking beer makes no sense. The people who witnessed Luca's last days in Dallas do a do not paint a flattery portrait of the 25 year old's. Professionalism. They call him lazy. They talk about the weight issues that with such frequent frustration within those walls. They mentioned the social habits that athletic has reported on, such as taste for beer and hookah, which have been a point of concern for NBA type since he was 19-year-old star for the real Madrid who was entering the NBA draft.


They predict his basketball demise highlighting healthy health history. That is some will, will likely lead to catastrophic catastrophe. Oh, ooh. Catastrophe in the next five years or so. Damn, Damn. Look, hecho, I mean, he came, he was 19 years old. He is been a professional since he was like 16. He's been playing. Look, I I've been, it seems to be the thing now is going to the hookah bar or the hookah lounge or whatever the case is, and you smoke, hook and have a good time. He clearly, you remember last year he had a beer and Finley, Michael Finley took it out of his hand.


I don't, I don't know what's true. I think maybe, I think two things can be true. I think they were scared to pay him 3,340 $5 million. I also think they was concerned about his professionalism and the way he conducted himself. Not only off the court, but on the court as well. Go ahead. Wait on the court. Can that, on Luca, on The court, they, they got tired of all the arguing. All the moping, the pouting and things of that nature. Oh, With the rest, the, okay. Yes. Okay. Listen. That, that, that, that's, I, to me, I would think Luka reminds me of a, of a great player I played with arguing with the rest. When he, when he fell, he deserved the call. He didn't get a call. He goes back and forth to the rest. TJ Hus mazada, he remind me of tj and most of the time, nine times outta 10 TJ was right.


Especially when we went back and watched, when we watched film. Right? Now, when I look at Luca all I can see Unc Luca plays the game a certain way at a very, very high level where he's top three, maybe top five in the, in the NBA right now. Correct me if I'm wrong. Yeah. So you mean to tell me as good as Luca is, they don't wanna pay him the money. They wanna pay him because he has an issue with beer and he has an issue with smoking hookah. Can I tell you what other players might be doing as well that might not display the same behavior but still get they bag? Yeah.


Can we think about you, you A NFL player. You play, you, you play with linemen. Linebackers, they drink, they smoke. But when it comes time to performing, when it comes time to performing, what do they do when they show up on Sunday? On They do what? They Get the job done. Okay. They, they get the job done. I think that should be the bottom line. That that should, that should be the bottom line. Now, finding reasons why not to pay. Someone is saying, well you smoking hookah and you drinking beer is the reason we don't feel like paying you. But the production that you do want as a player for that franchise is showing up. Yeah. Now it's hard for me to even talk about something like this when I don't drink at all.


Right? And I don't smoke no hookah. Now my issue is cigars. So it's hard for me to kind of interject and understand where people will come from. Right? When the main goal, for me, the main thing is always the main thing. What are you doing once you touch the field or once you touch the court? That's what I'm paying you for right now. What you choose to do in your own time that's on you now when it affects your play and your production. Now we got a problem. Right? I think the thing is, is that they felt Luke of being a leader. He should be a little bit more professional as far as, okay, don't smoke. I I, like I said, this is speculation ocho and I hate speculating and, and conjecturing, but yes sir.


For them to get off a player that's 25 years of age, that's a five time all NBA player. At this juncture of his career, he has more first team all NBA selection than LeBron did. And I have a, he's the quickest to 5,000 points. When LeBron James was the quickest of 1000 all the way through 35,000 or 40,000, he was the quickest. And he's three games ahead of what LeBron was at the, at the 5,000 point pace. With that being said, Ocho, I, I think the thing is there's a combination of, there's a lot of things that work here. Paying him $70 million a year until he is aged 30. The habits, because guess what?


Those habits, as you start to get age, now your body starts to break down and we're on the hook. We see now all of a sudden that three year extension for Jolen Bead at 1 93, it ain't looking too good, is it Ocho? Ah, It ain't so, and that's how the, you have to, and for me, look, I'm always going be pro player 'cause I always want them to get their money because yes sir, the team's making money, but I as being a business owner myself, you understand there's certain things you try to protect yourself against down the road. Okay? So I got you. So, and people always like pay, pay, pay. It's easy to say when it's somebody else's money. That's Money. Yeah. Imagine when you, and when some you feel somebody's trying to take advantage of you, I give you like somebody's working and you like, man, you're trying to overcharge me.


Nah, I'm good. But if it was somebody else's money, you would pay it in this situation. And there might be, there's some truth on every side. Maybe Luca, I don't think Luca, everybody ain't gonna have the work ethic as LeBron, Kobe and Jordan. Okay, let's go ahead and clear that out. There's a lot of people that do things a lot of different ways. There's more ways to, to get to the bottom of something than just going straight to it. With that being said, I understand, I might not agree with it, but I understand the Maverick's take, we gotta pay this guy $70 million a year. Yeah.


I-I-I-I-I got you. I got you. I I, I understand, I understand. But I, I get Lu Luca's like, and now, and maybe this is what Luca needed. Ocho Yeah. Maybe he maybe like, because I don't know if Luca realized how good he can be because Yeah, once you start having success, you remember like when you, when you worked out really hard that first off season and you had that success, You became obsessed with having that level of success. So it was nothing to get Ocho when somebody said, Ocho come up. Nah bro, I gotta go get this work in this morning. I gotta work on these, these ladders. I gotta work on these cone drills. I gotta work on this high hand eye coordination.


I gotta get that done. Mm. Luke ain't gonna never have nobody like LeBron, he ain't gonna have nobody like the white Howard. He ain't finna have no caps on his shoulder. He gonna look like that. He going, he get in shape, he gonna look like Yoic. So if y'all think he gonna have caps on his shoulder like LeBron, I mean, and Dwight Howard, that's not what he is. Right. But I do think, I do think now when you get traded, you get released. It's a wake up call because You know you feeling good. O Yeah. That's why he was so hurt by it. Oh, because think about this shook the, this shook the NBA. Yeah. I mean they said At all, never have a player of this caliber been traded that didn't ask for a trade.


Kareem asked for a trade. Right. And You know what's funny? Asked for trades, right? Ask for this. You know, You know what's funny? You gave me your, you gave me your perspective at of, of being a business owner and not wanting to invest that kind of money into a player. But to me it's still some type of red flag where I'm really not believing the reason you don't wanna invest that type of money based on the accolades that you just ran down. These young bull has been able to do in such a short amount of time. It got to be more to it than some goddamn beer and hookah. It got to be more to the story. What they, what they said, they called him lazy. They talk about the weight issue. There was such a sst, a frequent frustration within the walls. They mentioned his social habits that the athletic has reported on Taste of beer and hookah, which had been a, a concern for NBA type since he was 19.


So he came into the league, I, and You know, you had, but the problem with ocho, they say they predict his basketball demise highlighting they predict a health history that as some see it will likely lead to catastrophe and the next five years or so. Oh my goodness, Ocho this is what we know Ocho this is what we know having played the game. Those teams see when players think they're doing something and the team doesn't know, that's where they run a foul at. When you got that kind money, you tell me what Dallas cowboy player is doing something that Jerry doesn't know about.


They know everything. Huh? Jerry got the police. That's why everything, they, the little foul stuff that they, they can handle NFL teams. They have FBI level security. They know everything. So we tell, oh, we gonna do our homework, we gonna read it. We, You know, Hey, hold on. They, okay, the funny you talking about Jerry, we talking about all 32 teens? Yes. Yes. All 30, all 32 teens in the off season Right now, wherever you at in the world, they know what you're doing. They know who you hang around. They know where you like to go. They know what you're spending. They know everything. It's different.


Yeah. It's, and so it's gonna be very interesting to see OCHO because we got some co guys coming up. Jaron Jackson Jr. He's coming up in line. Yeah. He wins defensive player of the year. He's eligible for a supermax five years, 345 million. About to find out. Mm. Oh my god. He's not as credentialed as Luca. Wait, how much, how much again? Five years? 3 45. Which is 69 million a year. Fully guaranteed. Hey, it's, it's too late for me to play hoop. Huh? It's too late for you to play hoop OCHO should have gotten to that thing a little early. Hey, the, the, the, and here's the problem. Ojo is, the problem is is that, let's just say for the sake of argument, none of this is true.


You're selling the man's reputation. You selling a man's reputation. Now we've seen it, but now because we've seen him ho smoking hookah and drinking a beer, they kind, You know, they kind of dodged the bullet because they got him on camera smoking. Who drinking a beer? So you, it's hard to sue for defamation, huh? Can I, can I do something? Yeah. Who don't drink beer? Huh? Outside of me. What athlete doesn't, what athlete done drink alcohol outside of me? Yeah. What athlete done smoke hookah outside of me? Hookah weed? I don't know. I mean, I mean we, You know, come on now what we talking about. I understand now I understand both sides. Right? I got you.


But I'm just saying using that as, and then lazy and social issues and like, what does that have to do with playing again from the business side of things? I understand. What are you doing for me every year? You tell me all the time on in the NFL players every year and they gotta update their resume, Updated re resume. And every year he Damn his Man. Man, I'm surprised. I'm surprised they got to this. Lot of people say they would've just given them the money. Boy, who? It's gonna be interesting.


I think moving forward, Ocho, we need to pay attention to this because if Luca don't get the supermax, who the hell gonna get it? Ja. Who? Anthony Edwards. Shea. Shea. Shea can, can get, I think sha can get two 90. That ain't, that ain't enough. I think he, I think he can get, I think he can get two 90 or a five for two 90. I think that ain't Enough. Right at right at 60 a year to check my math. I know Jar Jackson is in line for that.


Jaron Jackson Jr. His father is, is senior. So it's going, it's gonna be very interesting to see coming down the pipe. Mm. Who gets that? Because it's 3 45 now. It's about, it's gonna go to three 80. It's gonna go to 400. Who's going get five years? 400 million? Who do you think? Just Curious. Weby. Oh yeah, I understandable, right? Rightfully so. Yeah, it's in the room. Look on the counter in room.


Hold on. You good? Yeah. All right. Chat. Chat. Chad. Y'all. Y'all good? Y'all good? I'm good. I feel, I feel good. I feel good. I got got, I got got got me a new job. I'm gonna see y'all Monday morning. I'm gonna see y'all Monday and Tuesday mornings outside of that. I feel good. Hey Chad, I look good too. Like this ain't just a camera. Y'all see me chat. Chad, I love y'all. Chad, I, I love you.


If y'all need anything, all you gotta do is ask, okay? Now I'm gonna say no, but just the thoughts of me being there for you in a time of need is better than anything. Yeah. I don't, I don't know what I'm doing. I'm handling some business. This must be about money. D Wade Ocho d Wade says the first moment he thought LeBron might leave Miami is when Pat Riley took his cookies. Let's take a look at what D Wade had to say. That was funny Moment that I, this was the first moment where I, I had a inkling that LeBron may not be back.


One thing you don't do is with LeBron cookies. No, no, no, no. This is serious. Like he loves chocolate chip cookies, like chocolate cook, chocolate chip cookies and ice cream he loves. Right? And so when he gets on a plane, Brian walks on a plane with a bag of food. One bag is all cookies and other bags are what his chef has prepared for him to eat. 'cause he eats a certain way. He don't eat right what's on the plane. Yeah. But You know he have his cookies. So we get on the, we get on the, we get on the, on the plane and we play cards at the front of the plane. We play cards and then at some point bro gonna be like, Hey, bring me those cookies. And this one day he was like, Hey, where my cookies at? And they had to come up there and whisper us in. Tell him there weren't no more cookies on the plane. Yeah.


That set back away from the game. He pushed that table, that cards back. He sat there quiet doing his head like this. I was looking, I'm like, He ain't play cards no more. He sat there like this. Hey, You see? You see what that see then that calls Pat Riley. See Pat Riley's trying to, trying to show I run the show now look at you. That's too Much. That's too much. He doing too much. That's mean too much. You mean to tell, you mean to tell me? You trying to prove a point. So you take the mad cookies, Hey, you never bother.


A person's never bother a person's flow all in, in, in which in way they travel a routine in which they like to eat, in which they like to prepare. You never do that. That has nothing to do with the game of basketball. I understand. Trying to set a precedent. I understand. Control, You know, but overusing your power cookie Ocho, Come on now. Took bad cookie Too much. So a I have a question. You think there's a chance, you think that might've been the last straw? Yes. Because there, look, there are some things that LeBron wanted like, like Maverick and Randy tr potentially traveling on the planes, having access like that he had in Cleveland, so forth and so on.


We know Pat Riley limited that if he didn't mix it all together, okay, fine. Probably. But here's the thing, you knew that when he came in there, 'cause LeBron team, LeBron's gonna lay out what he expects. Right? Right. When he went to the Lakers, he told magic Randy, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But be play ain't gonna travel. Rich father do, married do. Okay. Do you want do I'm sure when Tom Brady went to Tampa? Yeah. I need my guy Alex To be here. I need him to have, be able to set up so forth and so on. Okay. You knew that. You knew that you get the man there.


It's almost like a recruiting visit. Oh yeah, you gonna start, you gonna start once I get your ass on campus, you done sign that letter of intent. I do the hell I wanna do. Now you can't do that anymore because them guys jump in the portal on your ass. Oh, excuse me. They jump in the portal on your tail ocho and then you, you you in trouble. Right? But I don't get this Pat Riley, I I, I mean there are some things that he said about he was telling Phil Jackson and Phil Jackson, he got up like LeBron wanted to stay and then like for Thanksgiving, blah blah blah. And I just, but I, I can, I can see now. I can see now to do that. That's petty right? That's you, that's you trying to show I run the show.


Yeah. I mean see, and that's unnecessary because very, think about LeBron Stan a few extra years in Miami. How many more rings do they get? But you sacrifice that because you wanna prove a point and showing that you power and you wanna over overuse it. No. And even now there's stuff with Jimmy Butler. Yep. I'm not saying Jimmy's right. I'm not saying Pat is wrong because internally I'm not there. But there's always an issue where there's a power struggle. It shouldn't be a power struggle. If you wanna do one thing, everybody, the main thing should be the main thing. If you're part of the Miami Heat, pat Riley's main goal should wanna be winning championships.


Was The issue though This product on the court to do. So Ocho if cookie was the issue, do You know how many cookies will be on that damn plane? Oh, okay. I got you. Yeah. Do You know? Yeah. What, what, where do you want the cookies from? Are these gourmet cookies that we need to go to a special shop or these regular chips or ho or some type of chocolate chip that we can buy from a local grocery store. Right. I just need to know LeBron what it is because I promise you there is not a superstar player in any sport. Lemme ask you a question. If she, Tony shows up and says he wants something special, they're gonna have, if he says there's a Japanese cuisine that I need to have before every game and I need to make sure when we travel, I have it, I guarantee you they're gonna have it.


Absolutely. If Patrick Mahomes, Joe Burrow, if, if whatever superstar player, if Shay goes to OKC, I don't know what the delicacy is in Oklahoma. I don't, I've only been there once. But I guarantee you if Shaa says I want this on the plane, we gonna have that. I mean, little old me, I say, Mike, we wanna watch the fight. Mike would have it. Mike, we won't need this on the plane. Mike would get it. You mean to tell me you took LeBron James cookies for what? Right. If the man's o if the man, if LeBron's overweight, I said, Hey bro, you need to cut back on these. Right. When is LeBron James not been in shape?


We marvel at his body in year 22. We've done that since he was gotten to the league as a 18-year-old rookie. Yeah. Yeah. There's Not a time that LeBron has not been in shape. Right. But like you said, this was a power trip. Yeah. You won the battle. You lost the war Pat. That's un that's unfortunate. That's unfortunate. Now we don't even have a chance to come out east. I think we, matter of fact, we still coming out east. Go ahead. No, You're not. Y'all can't beat Boston. Y'all can't beat Cleveland. Y'all can't beat the Knicks. Whoa. Whoa. What, what, What? We can't what Beat Boston.


Cleveland or the Knicks not on a seven game series. Y'all might win a game, but y'all ain't winning seven game y Y'all not winning four games. I Know, I I just want to get excited. I just wanna get excited. I know. Yeah. We, We need, we need, we need two more pieces. And you how d Wade explains it. D Wade said he knew he was upset so that man pushed back from the table. He didn't play cards no more. Yeah. Yeah. That's mess. Don't, don't mess up a routine. Don't mess up a routine that I'm probably think about how long he LeBron been doing that routine of having those cookies on that flight. Yes. Yes man. Yeah man, let me get up outta here. And I, I mean I've heard this is not D Wade is not the first person that I've heard LeBron crazy about chocolate chip cookies.


Right? And to do that, that I thought that was petty. I think it, I think it was unnecessary but I think it was Pat Riley tried to prove a point that I run this show and if I don't want no cookies on this plane, ain't gonna be no damn damn cookies on this plane. And LeBron said, You know what? You're right. This your, this your ish. Yeah, I take my show on the road. And he did exactly that. Kevin and Rand is expected to be traded this off season. Bill reports the Mavericks have shown interest in pairing him and Kyrie and Ad What's K D's best landing spot ocho. You want me to call him asking real quick?


I'm tried to figure out who got the assets. Hold on, hold on. This gonna be funny. Lemme see if he answer. Hell, he probably played, no, they played last night. Man. If they could play him, if they pair him with K Kyrie and ad What in Dallas? Yes. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The first hand ain't answer. He probably probably saw my name and ain't answer on purpose. Man. He probably watching the show. Listen. Do you think, think what's the chances?


Let's say if Kevin Durant is able to go to Dallas with Kyrie, what's, say what, what do you think their chances are at? Are winning a chip A great chance? A great chance. You Sure? I'm positive. So that's the one piece of the puzzle that's missing. You Pay KD with a, well, you pay K, you pair KD with AD and Kyrie? Hell yeah. Oh shit. I'm tripping. I'm why am I, why? Listen, I'm tripping. I'm for, I'm forgetting ad is there, I'm talking about what you, how that's a two headed monster. I'm, man, that's a three headed monster man. Yes. I just thought about that. Yes. Hold on, UNC Hold on. Stay with me man.


Why not go over there over there in LA with Luca and Broun? I don't think, I don't think he wants to pair with Broun. I think he wants to compete against Broun. I I think a lot of people were surprised that he paired with Steph. Normally, historically transcendent great players don't go pair with other ones, but, and plus the Lakers, Lakers don't have anything to give up. They don't have any draft compensation. Okay. Okay. Okay. Had they saved that compensation, what they gave up for us to get Rus? Yeah. And gave up all those assets. Right. They would've had some assets and who knows. Okay.


But I think in order for them, in order for the Phoenix, they gave up a lot to get kd. Right. They gave, they gave up a lot of picks. They're gonna try to claw some of that things back. I think book is the only untouchable. He was drafted there, they traded Bradley Bill's gonna have to wa his no trade if he, if he's gonna go somewhere. We'll see how that pans out. But KD is, is is the piece that they could, that can, they could extract the most draft capital and players for? Because I don't think book, I don't think they're moving book. Okay. Dang. I mean I met, I met the sons owner, Matt Ishma, I went to the WNBA All Star game and had an opportunity to meet, meet with him and, and talk to him.


And he was great. But I know he wants to win. You spend that kind of money O Joe, I'm trying to win. I ain't trying to win. Right. I'm trying to win yesterday. Damn. Tomorrow. Yeah, yesterday. Right, right. And KD gave, you said, look, I, it, I cost a lot, You know, to come in there the middle of the season, not have any, You know, time cha time to work. Right. But I think KD wants to win a championship and he's gone to places Another another one. Right. Two places and it hadn't worked out well. Brooklyn was not a success. Phoenix is not a success. Yeah. Hey, I really, I really thought that stopping Brooklyn. Boy, I thought them boys were gonna be hell boy.


They, I thought them boys were gonna be hell. Boy, It'd been interesting. Had the situa. Well, You know, he got, first of all, when he got there, he was hurt. So he didn't play the first year ocho. And then Kyrie got nicked, so Kyrie didn't play. So they're playing good, You know them and harden it and You know, harden like tweak his hamstring. Kyrie steps on somebody's ankle. And that's the second year. And they got beat in the divisional round, the semi finals. Right. The next year, You know, with that Covid issue and it just hard gets traded. They move on from Kyrie.


Katie's like, bro, y'all ain't Finn to leave me here by myself. I see where y'all going. Let me go elsewhere. Boom. Boom. And he ends up in Phoenix. James Harden goes to Philly. Now he's in the clippers. Kyrie gets traded to Dallas. Kyrie wanted to go to go to la but they was ticked that Kyrie and it was not gonna trade him where he wanted to go. He lands in a good spot with Luca in Dallas and the rest is, as they say, history. But Kevin ran with the Dallas Mavericks with AD and Kyrie. Oh yeah. Championship there. Yeah. They gonna be first or second favorites to win the championship. Oh yeah, yeah, for sure.


Mm. They got a guy that can, that command the back end. Now it all depends on how much they gotta give up, but even if you gotta give up, I mean, they're gonna probably want all you, all your picks for the foreseeable future, which you don't care about because you feel you gonna be picking way down. So there's not gonna be in the lottery, so they're gonna want a bunch of unprotected picks. Big got little pick swaps, probably players. Right. So Listen, they, they gonna, they gonna make it, they gonna make it happen. They gonna make it happen. The, the fact that it's coming out, You know, this early and now you got have that on your mind and You know, obviously block it out and finish the season, You know the right way.


That, that's crazy how that happens. Yeah. Okay. OCHO parody accounts are morning via today. The NBA Sentel seems to have been shut down on Twitter ortel. Oh man. Did you ever get sentel? Did you ever get like that stuff that you like? Oh man, this, yeah, They got, they got me once They, they got me once They, they got me once. And listen, it's always something funny too. Yeah, that was, that was a very entertaining account. And if you didn't pay attention, they get you. They, they, they'll, they'll, they'll trip you up. Yeah. What, why do you think it Ash? What, what happened?


Oh, somebody's probably suing him. She says Yeah. Aw man, they Took the whole account down. So, I mean, you think they got suspended? Normally, normally accounts get suspended, You know, you curse and you are, you, you, you mess around with the Guidelines for, for Twitter, first of all, Twitter's like the wild, wild west. That mean anything goes. I mean, hey, I mean you can't even block nobody now. They can still, I mean they can't respond to you, but it used to be you block them, they couldn't see your content. They still can see they can't respond anymore, but they still can see. Yeah. Twitter's the wild, wild West. Twitter's anything Gold X.


Yeah, XX it's called X, it's called XXX. My bad. Yeah. But yeah, anything goes, not ocho. So for them to, to remove it themselves or have someone remove it. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean you could damn do anything you want to on X and Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, man, yeah, you listen, you got, Hey Unc, boy, when you open X in public, you gotta be careful. Yeah. I don't gotta be careful because I know if you looks Like especially you got your sound, if you got your sound up, boy, you listen, you open up and you open up Twitter, X, whatever you wanna call it, and porn just be popping up all the time. Nah, I, I don't get that.


I mean, people have said that, but I don't get that popping up on mine. So you, you don't, no. Hey, hold on. Did you follow Ms. B nasty? No, You ain't gonna, unless she gonna slide your DM if you don't follow her back. I don't whoop my couch. I don't want my couch shut down like NBA sentel. Nah, you ain't gonna get shut down. Hey, don't be scary man. You gotta stand on business now. Get a shot to shot. She done shot back. Now you, y'all in limbo. What you scared Of? Did it go in? You scared? Nah, it ain't go in until you, until she Hey, can I ask you a question? Yeah. Like you could tell me, we family pretend that Chad ain't here.


Are are you nervous About what? I mean, does she make you nervous after seeing her content? Does that make you nervous being that she's so experienced and you not ready for that? I ain't seen her content. Oh, I had to put on her content. Why You lying? Man, I go to Con, Hey, see you try to get me to go on the content then that then what you call em, they shut my account down. Nah, they ain't going. Listen, listen. No, her, I mean her, her content that, that, that, that it's okay, that's welcomed, You know, on the site. You know, Elon Musk said it is freedom what? Freedom of speech and freedom of, of of expression.


Expression. Yeah. So those that, that do that type of content, You know, I salute them. I support them and, and I'm, I'm with you as far as freedom of expression and, and that's your body and what you like to do in the private of your home. Home and you wanna make it public, so be it. Yeah. But you need to check out our content. You, you would probably answer and, and, and you'd probably answer a dm. Oh, if I check out a content I'd have answer yesterday, huh? Oh Yeah. Boy, you the answer last year, Man. You do. I'm I'm just saying. I I'm, I'm just saying. But, but yeah, that parent account has got a lot. Par accounts get a lot of people. Yeah. And it funny Too, that's man, that, that, that seems so real. And then you look at it like, man, this They Got me it be hustling.


Oh, Joe. Yeah, my girl, the goat DT Diana Ity announced her retirement. Oh. During her 20 seasons as a profession in a professional career or years in college. Early in two thousands, all she did in Win Win, she played an entire WNBA career with the Phoenix Mercury, which drafted her first overall in 2004 in the WNBA draft. She retires from the sport as the W NBA's all time leading SCORER score 10,646 points and in three point shooting 1,447 Mm. Salute salute DT real deal.


I mean been the real deal. I mean she won three national, she won three national championships at Yukon. She was a most outstanding player. She was college player. The Wooden award winner, she was state bar. She's, I mean she's as credentialed as you can be. She's an MV p she's a three time champion. And with the Mercury, she's a finals. MVPI mean her resume is complete. Her resume is complete. DT gets to walk away from the game. She walks away on her terms. 20 years is a long time. Hold on. I think what you call 'em play 20 years. Didn't Sue Bird also play 20 years? I think they might have been team, they might have been teammates for a year or two at Yukon, But DT salute job, career.


Well done. You walk away with your terms, everything and You know, I I think she was alluding to it, two birds play 19 seasons. Okay. So right now DT has the most seasons in WNBA history. At 20, she gets to walk away on her terms. OCHO and I, I think that's, that's important. And many, many don't. Does does, did she wanna put the work in of what's required to go through another WNBA season, another 40 game to put that kind of, to do that all over again? Yes sir. I guess you said no And when you think about it, there's really nothing else for her to accomplish.


No, because winning another championship o show doesn't change. And that's what I look at. Does winning another championship change the way you feel about said individual LeBron James can win three more MVPs and no, and three more MVPs and or, or three more anything and people gonna still say Jordan, Kobe, or whatever the case may be. Yeah. So with that being said, I definitely don't think there's nothing Diana DT could have done. That's gonna change the perception. Right. Phenomenal college career. I mean, when it comes to college career, I mean, only who Breonna Stewart that won for national championships.


She was a four time most outstanding player as far as You know, the college game. There ain't a whole lot of women that can say they got a better collegiate resume than DT with the championships. The, the winning, the mv the of the player of the year Go Number one overall. Right. Damn, you kind of had a bunch of players go Number one overall. Oh yeah, DT went Number one overall. Maya Moore went Number one overall. Tina Charles went Number one overall. Paige Becker's probably gonna be Number one overall. Who else went Number one overall? Oh, Brianna Stewart went Number one over overall I wouldn't be Surpris had to sue Bird or, or Rebecca.


Lobo went Number one of all, but Bear Story Pran franchise college program. DT man congratulate man. Congratulations dog. Great, great, great, great, great, great career. Glad I got opportunity to meet you. Glad to say I know you and enjoy retirement. Oh yeah. Okay. Yukon have five. Number one overall picks. Sue Bird, Diana Ity, Tina Charles, Maya Moore, Brianna Stewart, I believe what you call 'em going to be number six, Paige Becker.


So Absolutely. I mean, they had Tina Charles in 2010. Maya Moore in 2011. Breonna Stewart in 2016. Sue Bird went Number one overall in 2002 DT 2004. Then Tina, Charles, Maya Moore, Breonna Stewart. Hey, how long now You know what this is, this is a good question that I don't know about when it comes to the WNBA, You know how nb I mean college, the male college students one year and they can leave. Yes. What's the rule for, for for female? I think they gotta stay. I think they gotta stay the whole while. The whole four I think. So Do you think you think there are any, any collegiate WNBA players that are ready to leave before they even reach their senior year?


Juju Watkins is ready to go. Breonna Stewart was ready to go. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And You know what, and and I, I, there's a young lady, UNC, I don't know her last name and I'm sorry for the disrespect, but I continue to see her highlights all the time. When I tell you this young lady has a package like Kyrie Irvin in college. Oh, you gotta know who it is. She don't Oh, From South Carolina, Man. Oh. But I don't know what she learned to play basketball, but Jesus Christ Ojo to be eligible for the WNBA draft, a player must complete four years of college or turn 22 years of age during the year of the draft Draft.


How I think they should change that rule, especially for the players that are, are, are much more polished than others that are actually ready to leave school. Yeah. I mean, look, ooh, I think what you call 'em left early. Candace Parker, she's the only one off the top of my head. Right When she left her junior, her Junior year. Yeah. I think Candace left her junior year. Okay. But I know she had another, but I mean, she had won back to back national championship. She was outstanding. She was most outstanding player. She was a college wave player of the year. She was wooden player of the year, if I'm not mistaken. Look that up, Ash.


We'll get back to it. But I I, I actually think that she left early. The Volume.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, l PT tool winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner and Keira Kay Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.