
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs, Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. Check out bows.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


The time for holiday hosting is upon us, so make your second bathroom second to none with Home Depot dot com's. Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices that will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath plus free delivery at The Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at drafting sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho if Davante Adams gets his wish, he'll eventually be a member of the New York jet playing with his friend in four time M-F-L-M-V-P, Aaron Rogers. But he's also open to playing with several other teams. Yeah, the New Orleans Saints, Derek Carr, the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Baltimore Ravens, the Buffalo Bills, the Dallas Cowboys, the San Francisco 40 miners, nine ERs are among the teams that have entered, that have inquired about the six time pro bowler are are places Adams would be obviously he'd love to be in the Bay. He's from the area. Yeah. So he'd love to be back out there. Where does, where do you think Devonte ends up? I mean, listen, the only thing, the two things that make sense for one, the Cowboys don't have the money. They, they don't have the cast face.


What makes the most sense is playing with Derek Carr out with the Saints. And what probably is going to happen is him playing with Aaron Rodgers in New York. He's familiar with the offense, he's familiar with the quarterback, he's familiar with the offensive coordinator. So it's a just, you go there and you plug in and you play right now because he, he knows the offense. Aaron knows him. It, it take them who knows how long just to develop that chemistry that they've already had throughout the years. And to me it makes the most sense, especially from offensive perspective. Offensive perspective. If you watch the just against the Broncos with them really having no arsenal weapons outside of Gerald, what's in the throw to think about what you do if you add Davante Adams and give him his old weapon back then you have Gary Wilson.


It takes some of the pressure off of him. Now I want Gary Wilson. No, you don't get to keep Gary Wilson. I want Gary Wilson. I'm he going. You're gonna have to ship him to the Raiders. Oh No. Oh no, you can't do that. Okay. Oh no, you can't get it. Oh no. Oh No. You can't do that. Listen with a just can do. Oh, the Raiders. Oh, you have a problem. Okay. We get Hassan Reddick now you got Matt Crosby, you got Hassan Reddick. You don't turn that down. He ain't got no money. We ain't got no money. He want a new contract. He said he wanna go back to Philly. I I don't know what they gonna do, but they gonna make it happen. I think it's gonna happen before, what's tomorrow's Friday, right? Yeah. When is the trade deadline? The trade deadline I think is in November. I think they pushed it back. Yeah, but See they don't, they, this it, they don't need to waste no time and I don't, I don't think knowing Mark Davis and knowing Antonio appears Antonio appears gonna stand on business.


Antonio got time for that. Yeah. You know, if you understand who he is, the type of man he is outside of coaching, oh, I ain't got time for this. This is becoming not, I don't wanna use the word distraction, I'm, I'm not gonna use that word, but he just wanted to get things expedited as fast as possible. So everybody, so, so both sides, sides are happy for sure. So I, I wanna see Demon Monte Adams on the field and I would love to see him. Jeff Uniform or is it even room for him over in New Orleans anyway where Chris a lave, Rasheed Shahid is already there. I'm not sure who the number three might be, but for him, I think the better fit from a offensive perspective is being with Aaron Rogers. And, and then from a productive standpoint, being able to put up the numbers you're used to putting up will also be there if he goes with Aaron as well.


Yeah. For whatever reason here, Gary Wilson, Aaron and Gary Wilson hadn't been able to get on the same page. We saw them on the sidelines doing training camp, having discussions about where Aaron wanted to be. Gary Wilson, where he was, where he want, where he thought the ball should be. So they haven't quite got on the same page Yeah. As of yet. That's years. Normally it takes years, yeah. For a quarterback and a wide receiver to develop that chemistry where they tell to they understand each other without saying a word. Right. It's just a look, I know where the ball's gonna be. I where I need to be. I know where he's gonna be. He knows where the ball's gonna be.


Things like that. It takes time. Time. That's a long time. That is it, you know, it's, yeah. You can work on it in many camp and you try to strengthen that Intraining camp and then hopefully in preseason, but Ocho didn't do none of those things. Yeah, you're right. You didn't have, you didn't, you didn't have the mini cap because the, the last mini cap, I don't think Aaron came in training camp. They was, they was trying to work through it, but then in camp, normally Ocho, when we have a problem in practice, we get an opportunity to work on it in the preseason game. But now don't nobody, nobody the Preseason, We don't get a chance to work on it. Yeah, It's different. It's different. So hopefully Devonte, I, I like Devonte a lot. Hopefully he gets this situation resolved.


He gets, so he gets to go somewhere. He probably like damn probably should have stayed in Green Bay. So Jordan Love. Oh, But yeah, but no, it's, it is a young man's game now. It's a young man's game and, and, and ob obviously he made the right decision to go play with Derek Guitar, the right decision to go play with Derek Carr, obviously his, his his college teammate from Fresno State and just so happened, listen, they decided to ship Derek Carr off to New Orleans. So Jeremy Fowler, VSPN posted a long article about Stefan Dig and Buffalo Bill's divorce. Why keep doing this? This divorce did not come outta nowhere. Tremendous player. Team Source said, but the offense didn't need him anymore. He's super smart and if you sugarcoat it with him and you're not a hundred percent, he'll see through it. And the source said Digs approach and he remembers everything you say.


You always have to worry about how he feels as it it build. Team Source said that words on the locker room, coaches and scouts on Minnesota staff during digs tenure, they're often referred to Digs experience as a rollercoaster on the field, on on field brilliance and off the field irritability that can elicit discomfort within the football building. It can be a lot. He might throw a helmet he'll on your quarterback, but find me a premier receiver that is not a diva. Listen, listen Ojo, you played the position. I have a question. You were great at the position. Go ahead. We in week five, Stefan Diggs now plays for the Houston, Texas for Houston.


Why does his name continue to come up with Mr. Fowler or anybody else that's a part of the Bills organization. Now you talk about you didn't need Stefan Diggs. Right. Please tell me how they looked when they played against the Ravens. Please tell me when Josh Allen couldn't put a Superman cape on and need a viable threat to go to when you playing against a really good defense that might be top three in the NFL right. Now. I might add, who did he have he can go to and say, you know what, I need you to get open right now. Come hella high water. I can't scheme you open. I can't, I can't, I can't help you get open. I can't put you in most, I wanna line you up it third and five. I need you to win for me right now. I don't wanna play Superman.


I just need you to go and get it out in the mud, off the muscle. What happens when you don't have that? What? Yeah. You can only scheme people open so long. This is no disrespect to the Bills receiving of what they have. I like what they have right now. I like it. I especially Keon Coleman, he's a rookie, but he's not, he's not there yet. He's not there yet. Right. I like what they have, but still, Stefan Diggs is a top premier receiver. No matter what people may say, no matter what people may think, look at the numbers that him and Josh Allen put up together in the, in his tenure there the first four years. Look at the numbers they put up. It's not a mistake. Of course he gonna be upset when he doesn't get the ball. He knew what the first thing they do to you when you don't have the stat, you don't have the numbers to go with the, the salary that you're making, that's the first thing they use against you.


Well, if you look at your numbers, you're not putting up the same type of numbers. Now we think it's, we think it's time for you to take a pay cut. That's what we think. You know, so they use all this, man, listen man, Stefan Digs is going to the Houston Texans. That's it. Stop bringing him up. I I don't know why. No, he going, He's Already there. Do so He's already there. I just took a different approach, but You can talk to me guy. I was like, Hey, oh, talk to me. I was like, hey, take, I think the thing is, is like what what bothered me Yeah. Is that they hadn't come to me early in the game. Right. It's the third quarter. Fourth quarter. And they ask a, Hey, what you like?


No, don't ask me now. No. I remember how y'all say y'all was gonna spread it around this week. Yeah. He spread it around. Yeah, I'm good. Right, right, right. Because I'm gonna walk upstairs and I'm gonna knock on Alex door on Monday and I'm gonna get that check. Right. Don't ask me, you said let y'all do y'all job. I'm gonna let y'all do y'all job because if I do, if I'm doing y'all job, y'all don't pay me for this. I'm gonna make the same, I'm gonna make the same amount of money. Ocho whether you throw me 12 balls or you throw me one right now, the likelihood of us winning when you throw me 12 greatly increases our chance. Thank you. Come on now. Take your time. But I'm not fitting, I'm not Finn, I'm not Finn I, I I'm not finna be mad.


I ain't throwing no helmet. I ain't tearing nothing. That's the same thing I said. The only time John really got mad at me is that when I needed five yards to get a thousand back then receipt tight ends didn't get a thousand yards easy. Right. I had one, I had, I had 9 95 at the half. I had six catches for a buck 15 buck 16, two touchdowns. We are 14 points. We lose the game in over overtime. I ain't catch another pass. You, he said, why? I said, bro, I ain't, I ain't never come to you and tell you say no, that's your job. So no, I'm not, I'm not fitting to be because I understand, I understand how it works and I tell people this all the time.


Yeah. No matter, and it, it is applicable because for the most part, Ocho I had, you know, manual labor jobs when I was growing up and they going need people, they gonna need people to, to pick up the pecans or clip the onions, load tomatoes, the bell, the hay. Right. Hey, whatever they, they need that. But when you work these people jobs and there are other people out there that want those jobs, they're gonna tolerate you till they replace. Oh yeah. Always, always, always. Now. And and, and like you said, now You can speed up that process. You can speed up that process because you and I both know to, should have been a one helmet or two helmet guy.


Yeah. That's it. That's how great he was. Yeah. Same thing. The same thing with Randy. He should have been a one or two helmet guy. That's how great they were.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I Don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some FO K's friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlamagne the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on, this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Maria Kova. And I'm Nate Silver. And our podcast, risky Business is a show about making better decisions. Both Nate and I are journalists who moonlight as poker players. We've both won and I have to say, lost hundreds of thousands of dollars playing poker. And poker is a lens that we're going to use to approach this entire show because poker isn't just about playing cards, it's actually about how to make good decisions. It's an entire framework for thinking about the world. In addition to poker, we'll be talking about the wide world of gambling. So sports betting, for example, plus the news politics. It is an election year and personal decisions too, Like whether I should call a plumber or fix my shower myself. Tune into risky business every Thursday. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more No Long. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars, join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None of it then than Psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


And as great as they were, what happened, don't you? They they tolerated you. They, they tolerate you enough. So they good. And and the funny thing about it, even though you can't replace 'em, even still, they, no, you can't replicate what they've been able to do from a production standpoint. But I understand what you're talking about as far as the business goes. I understand what you're talking about. And just Ocho it's just like, it's just like a relationship. Yeah, you might, you might be, and I'm not just talking about women, I'm talking about men. It might be a woman. She can do everything but treat you a certain way. So even though she can cook, she take care of the house, come on back, she do everything that you might need, but she becomes a headache.


It becomes, the problem is the nagging. Right. She doesn't give you the piece. And as soon as you find somebody give you, and it might, and it, they might not ever be able to do totally what she can do. Right. You let it go. It might be a man, he pay all the bills, he do everything. He like, you know what, I'm up outta here. Ooh. And she gone. She gone. Now I don't, I don't. And these, I don't, I Don't know about that scenario right there, woman leaving the man that paying all the bills and going to somebody else that ain't that know that one. I tell you what, she'll do something behind his back until he find out and then he'll get rid of him. Well that, that, that is, that, that, that is true.


But they they will, they will, they will play that. That's, that's, yeah. They'll give you a reason. Yeah. To get a fire. Come on Now. So ever, ever as a, You heard of excuse my preach tonight. So as a team, a team will say, you know what, yes. We're not gonna find anybody to give us those numbers. Right? But I'm not finna deal with this more. Right. I'm not dealing with this anymore. I'm not Finn to keep begging you to, to act a certain way. I'm not gonna ask you to keep doing this. We done. Hey, And then, because here's the thing, Joe, if you have a great, let's, let's just say T should have been able to get two or three more years just based on what he had done in his fri previous 12, 13 years.


Just that alone should allowed say, you know what, Hey, you know what to, we can't pay you the money what you normally get, but here you go bro. We need you to be the third receiver. We gonna shoot you three, four, $5 million a year. Yeah. Same thing with ab man. Look how talented AB was. Yeah. Ain't no reason AB shouldn't be in the league. Yeah. None whatsoever. But you see what happened in Pittsburgh and you see what happened in Oakland. But I think the fans did O did t ab a disservice because when he was posting everything and they was like, ab yeah, you right ab you right ab ooh ab let ab free let a bro stop this man.


Y'all see the man being destructive to himself. Why would y'all, why would y'all egg that behavior on Tom threw up a lifeline. I guarantee you they ain't 10 guys. They got feet better than AB right now in the NFL. Hold on. It ain't no ab in the NFL right now at all. And that's no disrespect to the talent that's there right now. That's no disrespect to the top five right now. Ain't no, And guess what, Guess ain't no Antonio Brown out there now. It's different now. Ain't ain't no AB out there. It it the guy himself. Yeah. Yeah. When he should still should have been there. Yeah. So it just goes to show you, it's just like another job. You know what? He ain't as productive as he once was, but he good in the locker room.


Think about it. A lot of times you see coaches, they'll go somewhere and they'll take a couple of guys from the team they were on just because Right. I know when I left, if I needed a job, I'm go get a job right now. I ain't gonna get a job with Kyle Shanahan staff. I bet I can get a job with Mike McDaniel staff. I can get a job with Sean mc staff. You know why? Because Kyle Shanahan and Mike Shanahan will go vouch for me. Yeah. Well shoot, I can give, I can give, I can give a job too. I can a Job I want. Listen, I ain't calling nobody. I don't wanna be no damn coach. I I don't wanna coach either, either. I don't wanna listen. I I think it takes What you wanna do It, it takes too, it takes too much time to me, I think to see the real money I'm talking about.


I'm talking about the real money. Huh? You hear me? Stay with me now. I'm to see the real money as a coach because coaching is so fickle. You got three years. If your ass ain't winning, you gotta go. And I ain't moving everybody. I ain't moving nobody. I ain't moving everybody up to another state. And we, we, me, we get fired and I gotta tell re okay, you and all the kids not, oh, we gotta go, we gotta pack up. I I I can't do that money. Ain. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm good right here. Oh, Joe Anthony Richardson talked about being injury thrown. Thanks. I had, I had a coach told me once. What'd you think, Joe? The best ability is availability. We know it's a game of football where everybody running 20, 25 plus miles per hour is a contact sport.


Well If you know that get out, It is a contact sport. You gotta be able to protect yourself, especially at the quarterback acquisition Now because you were your last year, because you're injured now, you might have a hip injury or angle, whatever it may be, they're gonna call you entry prone. It's gonna stick. Yes. And that la that label is gonna stick. Especially if it starts early on in your career. So you just gotta find ways to protect yourself. Man, listen, Anthony Richardson is a special talent, a special talent. He has, he has a chance, an opportunity to change the structure of that coach franchise. You know, not saying he's gonna be Peyton Manning, but he has a chance to get it going in the right direction with a, along with the other young quarterbacks like Jay, the Jay, the Jade Daniels, the CJ Straus.


We just need him on the field. We need him on, we need him on the field healthy and, and and upright. So I'm hoping, I'm hoping he has a speedy recovery. But right now, based on what we've seen in the past two seasons, you would be just that injury prone and I'm, I'm not Okay. This, this is where I'm gonna have to disagree with you. Football is not a contact sport. What is it? Football is a collision sport. A collision is part of is contact when two things collide, that's contact. See, contact is minimal. Right. People collide. I like football. I heard somebody best describe football this way. Football is a lot like nuclear warfare. There are no winners, only survivors.


Wait, what my, You don't win at football. You survive the game. You survive football. Because think about it. You say if somebody ran into you at 20 miles an hour, but you think about this, people are running in you at 20 miles an hour over and over and over and over and over again. 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50 times a game. Yeah. That's what I tell people. You wanna know what it's like to play NFL football. Go to Lowe's and get your hard hat and put on your biggest coat and get 10 yards away from your garage. Get five yards away from your garage and run into it as hard as you possibly can. 20 times. Okay. Now do it again 30 times and then do it again 40 times.


And I tell you what, just for good measure, come back and do it again on Thursday because you got a short week. Mm. Now you know what it's like to play football and everybody talking about he soft, he soft. You wouldn't last one day. Yeah. Let alone a season. So stop it. I love how people talk about he soft, bro. You don't know what soft is. You soft for the drug stole cotton. Yeah. All y'all out there bumping them gloves. Yeah. So I Oh, he soft. He soft. He's scared bro. There's a reason why you on your couch talking now. You was scared. Now you now you know what, now you know what? I had to go through two times a year against the Ravens.


Two times a year against the Steelers. Yes. But you know unc, I was able to do it without getting injured for years. Can I tell you why? Yes. Can I tell you why I never got hurt? Right. Nutrition Ojo the same way. People that never drank get cancer the same way. People that do eat certain things, there are certain people that eat, eat or eat whatever and never get a disease, right? Yeah. But there are some people that eat every boom. So ain't no rhyme or real Ain't it? Ain't You? What about, what about the people that don't smoke and get cancer?


Get lung cancer, get throat cancer And there are people that smoke been smoking 70 years, take their last breath. Oh well he had a cigarette in hand. Some people, you know, some people smoke 70 years old, choke and never get it. And there are people, there are people that never smoked a cigarette. Cigarette or cigar, never drank anything. I just start trying to figure out why. Look, this the way it's intended to be. Hey, let me make the most of my time while I'm here. But Anthony Richardson, you are gonna have to learn how to get down because you never gonna be big enough to run over those guys. They'll break you bro. Yeah, they'll break you.


I understand you Four. You 6 5 2 44 and you ran 4, 4, 4 5. Yeah, he gonna be, he he gonna be all right though. He gonna be all right. We get him healthy. Stay on that field. He gonna be all right Joe. He gotta protect Himself. Yeah, I mean, act, act. You know what they, they gotta stop running. I, I'm blocking for you Ocho. It's just like me. Yeah. I'm blocking for you Ocho on the jailbreak screen. Okay. Once you break that and you see all them three guys, Ocho go, go down man, come On. But listen, the coaches got the coaches gotta save him from himself. Stop fucking running him. Stop calling plays where he's, where he's run first. They, they they got, they got to change some of the play calling.


You know, I understand that You can take off because nobody's open. That's one thing. But design play runs. I think when he got hurt, if I'm not mistaken, that might have been a design play run. I, if I'm not mistaken. No, he remember he scrambled on that one. But no, the what? Well, actually he got hurt to play before. Right? Because remember he got Olympic, he scrambled and got up to play before. And then the next one was a quarterback run was a design run. See what I mean? Yeah. Goddamn. Yes. If I'm a defender. Alright. They, if he don't, if he ain't protect you, why the hell should I? Yeah, they the one that's running you, I'm gonna try to drop helmet on you Every time.


Yes. So, hey, protect yourself. Protect yourself. They're not, they not, they're not going to protect you. They gonna, they gonna, because think about it, they go a whole game. They already done saying they can't put, they can't in the pocket. They gotta put a blanket and get a nice little pillow and lay you down. They can't dump you like they used to. So once you get outside that pocket and you get past that line of scrimmage, boy they trying to Ooh, ooh, ooh. Boy's head hunting out there, man. Yeah, for sure. I know I would. Yeah. I mean the, the, the rules are already in the offensive favor.


So, eh, you know the rules that Like that because They wanna keep the star quarterbacks on the field. Well, it's your job. It's the, it's their, it's the offensive coordinator job and it's his job to stay on the field because if you break that line of scrimmage, I'm trying to split your mofo down. I'm trying to, because that greatly increases my chance of win. Hey, I'm just, I'm hitting you as hard as legal. I look, I don't want people to misconstrue this. I'm never gonna hit anybody cheat unless you hit me cheat. Then I'm gonna get you back. Yeah. I'm gonna get my lick back. I just want you to know I'm gonna get my lick back. Yeah.


But in that situation, I ain't gonna hit and cheat. See The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Uba, all The biggest Slack artists that on the Planet together in Africa. It Was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season y'all. And we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers. And we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off the Edge with me. Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL Stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then you know You can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.