
If you are a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life, and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you. Covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of post-season coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel, or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Sean Camila Cabal, Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stef, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix Homesteading with guns and church. Voila, You got straightaway he tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much, and if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world that subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sports book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and wire text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. C dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright Don, so check this out. Mac Mike Fando released his NL quarterback tears of 2024. Only two joined Mahomes in tier one. Aaron Rogers and Justin Herbert dropped out of that list. A tier one quarterback can carry his team each week. The team wins because of him. He expertly handles a pure passing situation. He has no real holes in his game. Patrick Mahomes, Joe Burrow, Josh Allen. I like that. The only thing I would say about Josh Allen the turnovers is that not a hole in the game. Yeah, that that's a, that's a, that's a you, that's a, that's a, that's a decision making that would be a hole in the game decision making in moments where it matters most.


You turn the ball over. But again, on the flip side, if you look at the touchdowns ratio statistically by Josh Allen, I mean, hey, it doesn't, it doesn't supersede the mistakes. Right. But I mean I I like the list. I really wanna, I I really wanna put Lamar Jackson in tier one. I'm not sure why he's not there. Yeah, I'm not sure why Lamar Jackson's not in that tier one. I think because the thing is Ocho he doesn't throw for 4,000 yards. He doesn't throw for 5,000 yards, but he wins, he throw. Yes. I mean, but you have to understand he's so much more than just, he's just not a prototypical quarterback that's gonna wow you at the end of the year throwing for 4,500 yards.


Yeah. That's not what he's Yeah, that's not what he does. Statistically He's be somewhere between 3000 and maybe 3,700 passing yards and he gonna probably run somewhere between 500 and 900 rush yards yard. That's what he's gonna be. Yep. But if you Go ahead, go ahead. No, no, I, no, go ahead. I'll let you finish because we, we on tier, we on tier one. Yeah. And so when they say he has, he has no holes in his game. I think turnover is the biggest hole you can have in your game. Yeah. So I agree with you. I would probably put, I would probably put, even if you left Josh Allen in there, Lamar Jackson, definitely based on what he's done.


Yeah. I think he should be there now. You absolutely. A couple of more years I think CJ Strau. See I, oh Joe, I'm a guy. I'm gonna need to see it more than one year. I'm not saying that CJ can't do it for back to have another season. Like he had his rookie year. Yeah. Excuse me. Or even the third year. But I need to see it Consistently. Yes. Tier two quarterbacks can carry his team sometimes, but not as consistently. He can handle pure passing situation in doses and or possess other dimensions that are special enough to elevate his team above tier three. He has a hole or two in his game.


Lamar Jackson, Matthew Stafford, Justin Herbert, Aaron Rogers, CJ Dak, Jerry Goff, Jalen Hertz, Brock Purdy, Kirk Cousins and Jordan Love all are tier two quarterbacks based on Mike Sandoz's. Well, I I need to ask Mike Sando, why is Tua not here in tier two as well? Because Tua should be in tier two. Hold On, hold on. Tier three quarterback is a legit starter but needs a heavier running game and or defensive components to win a lower Volume drop back pass Offense. Su sim Best Tua, Trevor Lawrence, Kyle Murray, Deshaun Watson, baker Mayfield, Derek Carr, Gino Smith and Russell Wilson.


Hmm. Ah, I don't like the other variables he threw in there. I don't like the other variables he threw in there for the, did you pull the back to say When Russell Whistle, they have to have a, they have to have a good defense when Russell Whistle Pittsburgh, what did you say? They can run the football and they play defense. That's what you saying? Yeah, that's What he Said. And I say, I said, I said, I said they run the football and it takes some of the pressures off of him. That's what he said. Ocho. Wait, I don't like that quarterback don't like that. You taking what I said and using it against me? Nah, because you said the same thing. He said he is a legit starter, but he needs a heavier running game and or a defensive component.


Yeah. And that, that's gonna be very important for him this year too. It's gonna be very important for him this year because he had George Pickens. Who else he got Unc Friar Moth. Who? Friar Moth. The tight end Unc. Who else he got unc. Oh, you talking about, are you talking about wide receivers? I don't, I don't know what you Yeah, That my, my exact my point, my point. We talk about any other team you say, you say you go to Texans, you can say, oh hell, they got digs. Nico Collins, they got Tank Dale, you go to the Ravens. Oh, they got Bateman Za flowers.


You go, you, you go through all the teams. You can just run down the receivers and the weapons that the quarterbacks have at their disposal. Right. And then I see it, I talk about the Steelers. I'm like, damn. And no disrespect to them Young Bulls over there. I mean, I'm just saying that can make a difference. But What, what, lemme ask you a question Ocho what? It it makes a difference. Ojo, it makes, it makes a quarterback job easy when you you, when you got them, them, them hymns around you. Huh? I'm, I'm, I'm being honest. But Ask yourself the question. Look at the receivers that they've had. They had San Antonio Holmes. What did he do? Ocho they had pl they had ab, they had Deontay. They have receivers.


Some of them, they just can't. You, they, they do such a great job of drafting. You can't pay 'em all the Emanuel Sanders, the, the Mike Wallace's and things of that nature. So you can't pay 'em all. But a lot of them, Ocho they do things to get themselves up out of there. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying every time, think about when plaques was playing. Yeah. It was a three head muster. Think about when he, when AV was playing, it was a three-headed muster. When San Antonio Holmes was playing, it was a three-headed must Now I'm looking at the Steelers now, now I, I need, I need my three headed monster because if I had the, i, if Russell Wilson had his three-headed monster, I think Ben well Become you.


Well you were the quarterback because you had Ben. Ben was in his prime. Okay. Okay. Ben was in his prime. But I'm saying now, I'm talking about in today's game. Yeah, today's game. So you had, you, we got Russell Wilson as a starter, right? We have George Pickens. I didn't know the Titan's name. I didn't know the Titan End's name. And you got Najay Harris. Yeah, Briar moved. I mean, that's all, that's that. That's all I can come off. That's all I know. And Jay Leor, That's all I know. That's no, that's no disrespect to who they have on the roster right now, but you can make some noise. And I'm gonna know who you are though. You make some noise this year. I'm gonna know who you are. I'm, I'm not being disrespectful. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying 'cause I want Russell Doel, I want him to do well. Yeah, because I, I listen, I wanna, I wanna talk shit.


I wanna talk shit point. Even though he in the a FC North, I wanna talk, I wanna talk shit to unc. I wanna talk shit to Stephen A. Smith who went off on my, on my, on my God-fearing brother. You know, not too long ago I wouldn't be able to talk shit. So I want 'em to do well. So I need whoever the receivers are outside of George Pickens that are with Pittsburgh, I need to step up and show the fuck out, please. That's it. The Eagles in the Packers have drawn the short straw on the long trip to Brazil where they, both teams will open their respective seasons on Friday night. And Nick Ciana is trying to get his team to embrace Brazil game. It's just getting everybody in the right mindset. You need to be, when you go down there, you can't control the thing that you can control.


Like, we're going to Brazil to play. That's what it is we're excited about. That sounds like Nick is trying to convince himself. Like you have a big buy, like a mini buy coming off it. So there are a lot of positives in it is also, it spread the game to a new country, which is exciting. Ocho Ocho you ever played out of the, you haven't played out of the country? Shoot. No. Only time I go out the country is to watch soccer games. Man. Never played, never played a football game. Yeah, but I, I, I done been there. I I don't, well, I done been everywhere when it's pertaining to the game of soccer. Everywhere. Been to Brazil, done been to Argentina. Listen, you know what we need to do? What? When we get some time, I need to take you to Argentina.


You think them going to Brazil is bad. You think them going to Brazil and you know the gangs and all this? You know, you gotta be careful you can't wear green. Let me take you to a Bo Juniors and River game. Lemme take you to a Boca Juniors and River Play game. I You wanna talk about dangerous? It just, and Oh, the excitement, the energy, the, I Wanna go to Brazil. See you. You wanna see, man, forget the women man. I need to take You Don. Forget. I know what you talking about. Somebody done told you, somebody done, told you wrong. I dunno what you talking about. Hey, I need, I, I I need to get you, I need to get you into the game of soccer, man.


Yeah, Brazil is cool. Brazil is cool. The women are cool. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just not, I'm not, I'm trying to Go to the Dominican too. Who? The Dominican, the Dr. You never been to Dr. Nah. Wait, that's where my cigars from. You not, you know how my cigars Out there? I think we might need to go over there and look at the leaves ourselves. It's been a while since I had a tobacco leaf in my hand. Make sure it's the right texture. Make sure it's gonna give us that bold flavor. It's gonna give us that bold flavor.


You know, I'm just making sure you know. Hey, Where you Hell boy, the dr The charges gave Dicker the kicker. A four year, $22 million extension. The deal includes a 12.5 million guarantee. Dicker has an interesting journey to this point. He went undrafted out of Texas. Oh, there's something about Texas and Kickers Tuck from Tucker. I mean, I think he went undrafted too. Did, did Tuck get raft though? He was a six pro draft pick. I think he went undrafted too. Then spent time with three different teams during the rookie season before landing with the Chargers. In week seven after injury to Dustin Hopkins. Dicker set the franchise record for 50 plus yard field goals made in a season last year with seven.


That's live. Yeah, That's live. Anytime. Anytime you have a kicker like that, that can perform under pressure. Yeah, I don't think the chat, I don't think the chat would under would understand the pressures that are on a kicker when it comes to an entire team or organization relying on your leg to win. If you have a kicker that's able to perform under pressure like that, that's when you make this kind of money. They decide games. They decide games. Oh Lord Ocho, What Happened? Brian Burns and other New York Giants players were featured on a social media video that has since been deleted. Let's watch and let's see if you and I can see why the video was deleted.


Let's play it. What? TikTok. There we go. We wouldn't play it for Enjoy the smell. You're supposed to find gross. Yeah. You want me to tell you what the smell is? That's crazy. Is gas gross? That's the case. Yeah. I like to smell gasoline. Everybody like that. That's not, that's a good one. No, sometimes I enjoy my farts. What did he say? They don't smell too bad. I'm not gonna lie. If you eat right, you're fine. I used a lot to smell alike gasoline. Like the car, I used a lot of that smell earring backs. No, no, I don't think so. I definitely have. Nah, never Uhuh.


I like gasoline and sharpies. I think those a good smell. Hey, hey buddy. Tripping. Hey, can I tell you something about some weird smells that I enjoy? Yeah. I got a couple I enjoy too, but I can't see. I'm dead serious. I'm I'm dead serious. Chat. Chat. Y'all stay with me now. Weird smells that I really enjoy. Unc, the petting zoo. I like the smell of going to the fair and going into the petting zoo. It is weird. The smell of gasoline, not just any gasoline. Anybody in here that rides dirt bikes in the chat or anybody that rides Yamaha. Banes the smell of that type of gasoline, the mixture of the gasoline.


I, that's weird. Petting zoo gasoline. What's, what's another, another weird smell that I enjoy that, that would be odd for most people. Like at the circus. The, the smell of circus. Yeah, like circus animals. It it, it's stupid. Yeah. It might seem stupid to some people. I'm wondering, you gonna get to that other one smell that you love. What? That's it. That's, that's the three weird ones. No other smell. What? It's another one. Cigar. Oh, cigars. Nah, it's another one. But that's, that's it. Huh? I don't do nothing else. There Ain't a smell. There ain't a, a kind of like a, a weird smell that you love that some people.


Okay. Nah, you gotta, you got it. Nah, you got, bro. I'm lost boy. Chad, you know what? You're talking boy Hard. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, the Chad got it, Kenny. Oh, that, that, that ain't got no smell. If it got a smell, I ain't, I shouldn't be there. Oh Lord. Yeah. If that, that, that gotta smell. I ain't supposed to be there now. I I do like it a little tart now, you know, sometimes. Oh, no, no. Yeah. A little tart. Listen, listen, this ain't, ain't nothing wrong with that now. Ain't nothing little Tart. It gotta smell something. It gotta smell good or bad. It got some kind of smell. Ocho it, It has, it has to have a natural odor and, you know, know ordinance to it. Like all that. Putting all that shit Victoria, she bullshit and all that.


Some, all that dumb stuff. Where it, it tastes fruity. That's dumb. Oh, You don't let, oh, oh, okay, okay. No, Listen, Need that. But to eat fruit, it'd be good there. Nah, Nah, I ain't trying to hear all that. I ain't trying to hear that. Oh, okay. Leave your, leave your stuff. Leave your stuff As is how it's supposed to naturally be. It's supposed to have like a little tartness to it. Like when you put your tongue on the battery, if it's supposed to have like a little, little, little twang to it. Mm. I I'm, I should, I kid you not, I think You word for it. I believe you. I mean, you should know you've been, you, you are school aver. I'm cutting back. I don't eat no more. I don't eat pork.


Man. Don, Joe, you need help, man. You need, you need, you really need help. Hey, why they took the video down? It wasn't that bad. It was kind of harmless. I think it was done in more, more, more a facetious manner. I don't think they was really serious. But Ojo, you eat, you eat the other, you, you, I mean, you eat something too. You right around the corner. So you drop in with that slip of the tongue. Ain't nobody fault. Oh, I'm, I mean, nah. Yeah. Yeah. That's different. That's different. Ain't nothing different Is different. You right around the corner. Ocho just drop in. Ain't no Hey, hey. If, if, if, if you got, we got two homeboys.


We live in the same neighborhood. And, we one door down. Yeah. They gonna see you. Hey man, I'm gonna stop by sharp house. You right around the corner. Slip of the tongue. You right down Ocho. Listen that, that's them, them on special occasions. Spec special occasions. Special occasions. Nah, you, if you toes there ain't nothing special. Ain't no special occasion toe you on them toes. So I know you on the mother holes. Hey, hey, hey boy. It's some, it's some boy. When you go to the car wash and you want a detail, that's what it, that's what it's like. Hmm. That's what it's like. Sometimes you gotta de sometimes you gotta detail the car. Sometimes you go in there for a spit shine, you know, you in and out, you know.


Then sometimes she want a detail. You know, you want, you want the works carpet, take the mats out. Hang the mats up. Vacuum the mats. She Better have no mats. You better have hard floor. Ain't no carpet down there. Nah, I'm just, I'm just giving you an example. I like That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was, that was a good one. You need help Ocho. That was a good one. Somebody help Ocho. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of drum roll, please. No, no, no, no, No, no. The Challenge 40 Battle of the eras. Yes. Each week cast members will be joining us to spill all of the tea on the relentless challenges, heartbreaking eliminations, and of course all the juicy drama. And let's not forget about the hookups. Anyway, regardless of what era you are rooting for at home, everyone is welcome here on MTV's Official Challenge podcast. So join us every week as we break down episodes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Listen To MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive, most consistent podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports Steph kd, Anthony Davis and LeBron. They were better. And those teams pushed them to greatness. They brought the greatness out about politics. These people are not your friends. They're looking for your votes. This is not a popularity personality contest to me. It's a policy contest, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. New episodes come out twice a week and always pack a punch. With over 1100 episodes in the catalog. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I wanna quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Nobody, we might have the first time in history. A MVP gets awarded while the season is still ongoing. No one, I mean, no one could stop Asia Wilson today and the 97 79 victory, the A had over the Phoenix Mercury. She had 41 points, 17 rebounds. She had 23 and 11 in the first half. Asia joins Candace Parker as the only WNBA players to ever post a 40 point 15 rebound game. Now she had a 42 and 6 42 0.6 rebounds game. She had a 26 and 13 and now a 41 and 17. Now the only question the MVP OCHO is, is it gonna be unanimous?


I mean, she's running away with the war and ain't nobody else at me. It, it, Listen, I don't know who the voters are. I dunno who the voters are, but if you're competent and watch the WNBA throughout the entirety of the season and you don't vote for Asia Wilson for whatever reason, then there's, there's something wrong. And that's the problem with the people that are in positions of power that have the ability to vote based on what she's doing. She's doing something special. So it should be unanimous. Matter of fact, they should hand it to her before the season even ends because who the hell you gonna give it to? Yeah. Ain't nothing nothing about that. You know the hell, Unless you gonna give it to you might as well just give it to her.


Now the Choir is having a good season. You know, I, you know, I, I follow, I follow, I watch. Yeah. Obviously, you know, angel just set the WNBA record for rebound and go a season. And they still have what, four or five games to play. She had I think 16 and 19. And when she had like, back to back 20 point 20 rebound games. Correct. Caitlin Clark is starting to come on and play really, really well. But it's over. The MVP is over. Yeah, it's over. She's hands down the best player. The, could it be a situation where she takes sweepstakes where she poss she wins the MVP, she wins defensive player of the year and she win finals MVP and, and the final MVP.


Yeah. Well, that'd be live. But, but she, what she's doing and, and, and I mean, what's she averaging? Probably 27. Probably 27 and 12 with probably two blocks, two steals. Because she does it on both ends of the court. Yeah, that's what's so impressive. Is that the amount of energy that she exert. Right. She played, how many minutes she played? She played 34 minutes today. 16 to 23 from the field. Two of six from the three point line, seven to nine from the free throw. She had 13 defensive rebounds. Four offensive rebounds, two assists. Two stills a block. She was plus 20 and plus minus.


I mean there, there's, there's, there's nothing She can't do What more? What, what more can you ask? Nothing. Nothing. She now, you know, she got that elbow jumper, she can put the ball on the floor. Finish with either hand. She got a little step, but she got a little step back. She hit, you know, hit a couple of threes today. That's not really not hers. Her thing is really like shooting the mid-range game. The elbow jumper, putting it on the floor, getting to the mid post. She can do, I mean, she can do it all though, Joe. I mean she really can. Yeah. She has no flaws offensively and 'cause she's complete, I mean she's really, really good defensive player as far as blocking shots and, you know, she could hedge. She's just, she's having an unbelievable season.


Yeah. Candace Parker was another one that could do it all. Could handle the ball, put the ball on the floor, get to the paint. Midrange. Candace was a a, a good def or a very good defensive player. Asia passes is Tina Charles with six. She has seven now. 30 10 games in a, in a single WNBA season. Asia last three games, Ocho, she went 41 17, 2 assists, two stills. Today, the previous game she went 26, 5 blocks, 16 rebounds. And then she went 42.6 rebounds, three blocks. No bullshit. She ain't playing. Nah, she ain't ji with him. Ain't j with him during the Chicago Sky game today against the Minnesota Links.


Angel re reset a single season record for rebounds. She entered the game with 399 rebounds. Five shy of Sylvia FO's all time mark of 4 0 4 7 20 18. Reese succeeded the mark during the second quarter. She finished the game with 17 points, 19 rebounds, three six damn in the Chicago skies. 79 74 loss. She's having an unbelievable season. I mean, What makes Go ahead. 19 rebound 19 rebounds. Oh yeah. She's probably averaging 15, 16 rebounds a game. The season. Shit. How many rebounds she average in the game? Ash, she has to be averaging like 14, 15 for sure.


17, 19 and three. That's, that's crazy work. That's crazy work. They lost to the links tonight. Huh? She average 13. Oh, she's averaging 13 points. 13 rebounds a game. Hmm. The thing that, what I was convinced that they would have success is because what they do, what they're really, really good at it translate Angel Reese can rebound the basketball. Right. It translate What could Dennis Robin do? Rebound the basketball And play and play defense as well. Ben Wallace, he can rebound the basketball. He plays defense even though he played that Virginia Union that translate ca Caitlin Clark.


What can she do? She can pass the basketball. Oh. And translate. So I wasn't concerned about their games translating. Now was Caitlyn gonna average 30 and 10 like she did in college? Probably not. No. But her ability to pass the ball, the same thing I said about Tre Young. I said, Trey, young game's gonna pass. It's gonna translate because he led the nation and scored an assist. So even if he's not scoring, he can facilitate and make, create shots that are easier for his teammates. So I'm not surprised the Angel is have maybe, I didn't think she was gonna be averaging 13 rebounds, but I thought she, I thought she could get nine to 10. I thought she could average to double. Double. Right. And that's what she's aging. 13 points. 13 rebounds.


She's, and basically gonna put it way out there. There's a chance she break it next year because she only gonna get better. She has a better understanding of the, of, of the pro, pro game now. So she's only gonna get better. So even though they've kind of fallen off, they, they've kind of lost some games here. Lost a few games. What did they lost? Like four or five? I think they've lost like four of their last five games. ocho. Yeah. Which is putting them in jeopardy of potentially missing the playoffs. Playoffs. Yeah. Hold on. They're the sky 11 and 21. They've lost six games in a row. Damn.


Yeah, Right now Minnesota has, the Minnesota I think probably has the best record. They're 24 and 6, 24 and nine, 15 and three at home. So it's probably out of them in the Liberty. One of those. Okay. Liberty one son two links. Three because I think the ACEs of 20 and 12. They might be like fifth, fourth. Okay. Okay. And dropped outta the playoffs. Okay.


Ocho, we about to have some fun now. Caitlin Clark had another monster game. She had 28 points, 12 assists and a 193 win over the Dallas wings today. That pushed the Indiana Fever over 500 for the first time in five years. The fever improved the 17 and 16 with a victory and had gone 189 straight games without a winning record. A-W-N-B-A record. Indiana earned a three point earned a win despite a record tie. Nine three pointers by Enrique Ogle. Yeah. Kelsey Mitchell who she can shoot it. She can shoot it. Having watched her twice, she can shoot that lefty.


Oh. She'd be letting that thing go. Had 36 points, including a three that gave the fever a four point lead. Would've under two minutes to go. Clark and Mitchell hit five threes a piece combined to go 10 of 18. The fever shot 50% from long range and 53% overall. Hey, I gotta ask y'all a question. Y'all still think she's the great white height? Yeah. She had a good game. Her and Enrique was going at it. Boy, he Can play. It ain't hype at y'all said the same thing about Larry Bird. Y'all said the same thing about Luca. It ain't hype. They can legitimately play. It ain't like people trying to hype them up Ocho and they're like, yeah, it's like Eminem.


Oh, he no m ka. Y'all make it seem like m was y'all thought m was gonna be Milli Vanilli or, or or or or or Ice. What's his name? Ice. Ice baby. What's ice? Ice baby name? Vanilla Ice. Vanilla Ice. No, this is not hype. It's okay. It's okay. She can play. Yeah, she had two. She had 28 at night. She had 31. She had 31 the other night. 31 The other night. Night. Yeah. 31 and 12. Yeah. She get a better feel. She getting a better feel for the game. She getting a better feel for the game and there's a lot more efficient from the field too. So there's a, but there's a lot of women that was on ESPN that had a lot to say earlier about this.


I had, they gone quiet now You say they quiet. Y'all quiet now. Now I want somebody to send that to you because you know who I'm talking about. I ain't gonna call your name, but you know who you are. Y'all had a lot to say early. Y'all had a lot to say early And. if you think I'm talking to you, I am. Make no mistake about it. I'm talking to you. You know who you're one of your one former coach. Get a little bit more specific. Some of you playing the game now. I want y'all, I want y'all to have that same thing when y'all were talking. Don't get mad now. Ooh, Kayla, let that.


Oh Joe, did you I watching it, man. She was coming up the pick. Let the freeze go. Come down, let one go. She said Uhuh, she said I'm tired right now. Hey Kelsey, take that one. Kelsey hit that left hand on the WWW. She said, Kelsey, you tired right now? Now it's my turn. She come out that pink fade to the left. Y'all know what she go to the left. You know what she gonna do? It's like LeBron James when he look down at his hand and ball. Y'all know gonna shoot that your eyes when when she goes to that level, she start fing w She was cookie boy. She was cooking.


She's a hooper now. She she's a bonafide hooper. Yeah. Bocho. Let's take a listen to what sa Sabb Ali Ali said after the game. Let's take a listen to what you had to say. Alright. When I was driving to the game today, obviously it's annoying 'cause there were way too many Caitlin fans in our, but like, it just kudos. Yeah, because it's amazing to see so many people in women's basketball jerseys. It's amazing to see the excitement and the, the joy that comes out of that. So although I feel like our Dallas fans could have done better, I, I had mixed feelings.


Obviously seeing all the ca in jerseys in our home. But it's, it's an amazing sign for women's basketball and it's just great how, how far we've come. It's just fun. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. She gets it live. Ocho check a listen to this. I live during the game. Nancy Lieberman, one of the pioneers, one of the great female basketball players of all time. You are going to make these women multimillionaires one day like tiger, like mj. We shouldn't hate on her. We should celebrate her, not tolerate her. Now I know somebody to said exactly what she said, but said it four months ago.


Ain't none of my business. I don't even know why I brought it up. Pocho. But who said that? Huh? Who, who, who, who, who said that four months ago? Huh? I know, I know a guy. I'm just, I'm just asking, asking matter fact, I, I've been knowing the guy probably about 56, 56 years. So we go way back. Okay. Okay. Yeah. We go way back. Yeah. Go back. Car seats. Way back. Yeah. Oh yeah. I said the same thing. Just like Tiger. They said the same thing about Tiger. This ain't the amateurs, this ain't college. Right. You can't run rough shut off with these guys. And guess what? I just saw a a, a Scottish scheffler win.


A $25 million tournament today. The FedEx Cup, 25 million made 62 million thanks to Tiger. Look at the money MJ got it. Wasn't nobody, a whole lot of people doing no shoes before. mj don't let nobody fool you. Now they had a few guys, but they wasn't making the money. Like they making now guys getting 10, 15, $20 million. LeBron James lifetime contract. Steph Curry lifetime contract. Kevin it a ranch lifetime contract. Kobe Bryant, they still making Kobe's, Right? Basically lifetime contract. Hey, sometimes, you know, unc, it ain't really the message, it's the messenger.


Yeah. Ocho I believe you can give because people want you to go back. Ocho we can't go back in time. Right. And Pat the forefathers on the back, all we can do is say our appreciation. We understand where this game and the guys, I'm talking about football now. The guys that helped establish this, the built this, we get it. But these young guys coming along now, ain't nobody thinking about, ain't talking about, well man, Elway was just as good, but he ain't getting no love like this Marino ain't getting No, they got love like that when they played.


Yeah, absolutely. And so what she's doing, she's, and you heard what she said, all those Caitlin Clark, I was at the All Star game. She got one of the loudest donations. Now it wasn't as loud as DT because DT was in her home arena. Right. I was at the game when they played, when the, when the Indiana played the ACEs, you ought saw all those 22 jerseys. You oughta heard that you when every, when she did anything. Right. That's how crazy know. It's What, why you think every time the Lakers went on the road, the gym was, the arena was sold out. If a Kobe LeBron go on the road with MJ go on the road, certain people, they're just polarizing.


Yeah. They're gonna be people of certain level. There're gonna be a number of people that love them and they're gonna generate a certain level of hate of vitriol. Yeah. Always. But you look at the Jersey cells, you look at the attendance, you look at the eyes, the actually watching the game. Yeah. Everything is up. YY You'd be foolish to think that there's not a correlation. Yeah. And it's okay. I don't care. Ojo, as long as I'm eating, there's enough food for everybody. Always. There's enough food for everybody. Lot of, a lot of it's a lot of plates baby. Yes. I'm a Lot of plates.


Diamond de shield received racist threats after Caitlin, Clark, frag, flagrant foul. Many are attributing this to Chicago. Sometimes cover foul ball. Two things can be true. Ocho you can say the play against Caitlin Clark, it wasn't Okay. It was a flagrant foul. They caught it. That is that, that is football. They don't do that in basketball. She didn't make a play on the ball. She ran into her, she sideswiped her. We saw that before. Okay. They called a flagrant foul. Okay. Just because it was a flagrant foul. It doesn't, it doesn't in turn give you the right to send racists and threats.


Oh. You know how people are. Huh? You know how you know how people are. Oh yeah. It, it's not right there. I know. Yes, of Course they gonna, you, you know, you know, you know how it is. I ain't, I'm not even gonna get into that debate. I, I would love, I love to stay away from politics, race, and religion. But you know, they'll show you your true colors now. Yeah. And the under the right circumstance, they will show they true colors. They were gonna send this regardless of that cover. Yeah. Because people that watched it saw what she did. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't need to see that. I'm not sending nobody, I ain't got time to be doing no foolishness like that. But people didn't need for her hometown paper to put that on the, on the front page in order to do, they had already made their mind up.


They were sending that. Yeah. I mean, and, and the, the fact, the fact that the matter is what was on the cover was just a third time. There were two other times before that, you know, which he, I mean we call him cheap shots, which just, I i playing the game of basketball in, in a, in an aggressive manner for the lack of better terms. I'm gonna say it that way. Yeah. There. But three, there were two other times as well, right. Where it was kind of, kind of fishy And that natural play. And I get, you know, like I said, look it ha that that's not the first time that Clay Kaitlyn has received a flagrant foul. I thought she, she tried to make, she tried to block somebody's shot.


She hit somebody upside the head. I don't know if they called it a flagrant foul, but if they did any blow upside the head above the neck or shoulder area, whether you tried to make a play on the ball or not is deemed flagrant. Yeah. This was an easy call. She didn't make a play on the ball. She just sideswiped it. But yeah, I, I don't, I don't get all that that threatening and calling you, calling somebody all out their name. I can just imagine the threats that she received in her DM or what was on her page. I can just imagine. I can just imagine. I don't, I don't, you know, I think we could all imagine what was said. Yeah. Yeah. Most def most definitely. Especially when you upset. When you, when you upset the other side.


They don't care. They don't care. But that shouldn't bother you. That shouldn't bother you. That shouldn't bother you. That that should be of, of no surprise at all. Yeah. It's Act on to the next Coco Golf falls to Emma Navarro. Coco golf's new coming back be coming back to back champion at the US Open would be hard. No woman has repeated at the tournament since Serena Williams won a third straight a decade ago. Mm. And golf knew she hadn't arrived at the event with such momentum as she had in 2023 against Navarro Golf wound up with more double faults. 19 the winners, she finished with 60 total first unforced errors.


A whopping 29 on a forehand side. Coco gonna be all right. She gonna be all right. That's why, you know, you have to, when you see what Serena was able to do. Yeah. When you see, You gotta appreciate it. It makes you appreciate it more when you have, when you have others to compare it to. I grew up, I'm my older you Ocho so I grew up in the era. I re remember Martina NVA and Chris Everett and Step Graff. Steph Gr was as good a player that I've ever seen because she won the Golden Slam.


She won all four majors and Olympic Gold medal in 88 and Martina and, and who it was. And then you had Monica, you had Monica Heus. Monica Sell, Monica Sells. And you had Monte, what's Martina? Martina Heus, and Monica Sells, right? Cellis. Yeah. Yeah. Lindsey Davenport. And then you had, you know, later than that, those started to, to go away. You know, Venus came on the scene first and then Serena. Yep. Once, once O Ring figured it out. It was, it was, it was all, it was all downhill for everybody else. All Once she did all downhill.


It was so it was having, having seen Serena play with my own two eyes and see the force in when she hit the ball Ball with man. Crazy. Yeah. I don't think we gonna see that. I don't think we'll see that on the women's side again. Not anytime soon. No. That, you know how you say somebody that's a generational player that's a two or three generation. Yeah. Mo most definitely. Most definitely. Now Coco is, is very good and had the chance to be, maybe not Serena, but we, we can't, I can't say she can't do what Serena dud can't do what Serena did, but she has the potential to do so. Yeah. She's, she's very young, very, very Tired.


So Ena got better in her late twenties than thirties than she was in her teens in the early twenties. Yeah. And that, that's the scary part for Coco Golf to be this good this early. Imagine when she gets a little older, she gonna be, she. Yeah. They giving people that crazy work, bro. Yeah. And then, you know, you know, look, look at Norm Osaka. She was like really? I mean she won like three of her four, four tournaments and you know, she has a child and it's hard there, there haven't been very many people. Clem Kleer came back after having a child, I think Vika, Victoria Rinka trying to come back after having a child. I think the Great Dane, Carolyn Wozniaki is trying to come back after having a child.


But there haven't been a whole lot of of women. You know, Serena won, I think her final slam, the Australian Open. She was about five or six months pregnant. But the only one that I can really think of, I think Justine ing, I think she might've came back after having a child. I know Kleist did. And won and won. I know as Rinka is trying to, I know Nia is trying to, I think Justine ing had a child. Hey, What happened to what happened to Ms. Osaka? She was balling. She was number one in the world At one point. She had, yeah, she had a child and she had some, you know, she say she was dealing with some mental issues and things like that.


Yeah. Hey, She was nice boy. Oh yeah. She was unbelievable. She was nice. Yeah. But that, off the top of my head, Ocho those are the only ones that I could really think about having kids. Wo took a long time off, you know? Right. She met David Lee, the basketball player. Played with the Warriors. Played with the Knicks. As a matter of fact, I bumped into him in, in Vegas about three months ago. Her and Michael Phelps and his wife. And I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think Michael Phelps wife is pregnant again. If she just had a baby, she just had a baby. So congratulations to them. But I bumped into him in, in Vegas at Resorts World.


She, and she didn't. Okay. Okay. But, but Kleer, what Kleer did, I know Rinka had a child and I know, or Wozniaki and they're trying to, you know, trying to come back. But Kle just had a child and came back and I think she won the US Open. But yeah, it's tough ojo to watch those to watch 'em. And it's tough. I mean, you know, men don't have, men don't have the things to go through that women, I mean, your body changes when you have a kid. This, it just does. Yeah. Just Does. Yeah. I think, and, and I think for women, the most difficult part about not only your body changing, but for an athlete, just, how about this? For a non-athlete, for a woman to try to get her body back to where it was Yes.


Before the child, it's difficult. So imagine being an athlete, an an elite athlete at the highest level at that, having a child sacrificing your body and then trying to get back to where you were before you had the child. I think it's, it's, it it's even that much more difficult. Yeah, for sure. That much more difficult. And, and those that are able to do it, it's, listen, it's, it's, it is commendable. It's, it's just commendable. So Yeah. Yeah. You remember Yvonne Gooligan, Tracy Austin? No. No.


If you are a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally. But don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of drum roll please. The Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Yes. Each week cast members will be joining us to spill all of the tea on the relentless challenges, heartbreaking eliminations, and of course all the juicy drama. And let's not forget about the hookups. Anyway, regardless of what era you're rooting for at home, everyone is welcome here on MTV's Official Challenge podcast. So Join us every week as we break down episodes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive, most consistent podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports Steph kd, Anthony Davis and LeBron. They were better and those teams pushed them to greatness. They brought the greatness out about politics. These people are not your friends. They're looking for your vote. This is not a popularity personality contest to me. It's a policy contest, pop culture, entertainment in anything that catches my attention. New episodes come out twice a week and always pack a punch. With over 1100 episodes in the catalog. Listen to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Ojo. Let's watch a moment between Julia. Put Saver Putin. Sava Putin Saber at a ball girl a us open after the match. Yulia said, honestly speaking, it's not about her. I was really deep and myself for not winning the game from break point and got empty with my emotion and the, and deep in my thoughts we, we can't, oh we can show here it is right here Ocho. So normally the ball gall girl hold and they'll bounce the ball where you saw it. Right. So they normally do. Okay, you ready? And normally, yeah, you bounce the ball and they'll catch you with their racket or they'll catch you with their hand. But I don't know where you can sit, hear the sound.


But the crowd started to boil. Like why you trying to upstage yo, they ain't getting paid for this. You shoulda took that ball of head upside the head. No, tell this girl you did the right thing. Kids man. These kids man, these be kids O Joe. Hey, she was hot. What? Yeah. Hey, she was hot and you know she had to be, she had to be losing that match. She had to be losing that Match. Well she had a break point was, and she ended up, I think she ended up losing the game 'cause she was up a break. She was up break point and she ended up losing it. Yeah. Well shit, she should end up losing for that bullshit. Right. They, you don't treat nobody like that. It don't matter what you're going through on the court. You take that on, you take that out on yourself.


You don't take it out on those that are part of the game. Especially the person, you know, giving your balls and she doing everything in a respectful manner. Shit. Yeah, I'm surprised the, I'm surprised the, the crowd aint started booing. They boo. They did. Oh they did? They did. They did. Yeah. Oh, okay. They shoulda shit. They don't. They don't like when you show the kids up. Nah, I don't do that man. Yeah, I don't do that. Come on man. Alright Ocho time for our last segment of the night is called Q no. Yeah, Q and a. Yeah. Yeah. Q and A Lady. Ray Q back I guess.


Lady Ray been on vacation. Hey guys, what was your favorite part of the live tour shows last week? Annie? Spoilers to share about Dallas show and for, and, and for those of us unable to attend so far. When is the next tour? ocho? Hey, that goddamn Dallas boy. Well, I love y'all, man. That shit was beautiful, man. Houston, that thing was beautiful. Houston for me. That thing was beautiful. Houston was beautiful. Realize, But that goddamn Atlanta, boy, I'm sure glad, I'm sure glad not for one Lord. Thank you. Hey, listen, for those of you that came to watch the live show at any of the three cities, the three tours, y'all showed up and showed the fuck out.


Y'all did. I didn't know what to expect. I'm gonna be honest. No, I didn't know what to expect. I didn't either. I ain't never been on, no, I ain't never been on no damn tour before. I ain't never been on no stage before like that to be able to do what we're doing now. I'm used to, you know, being in front of crowds, playing in front of crowds, speaking in front of crowds. But to do it in that manner never been unbelievable. Unbelievable. Because I had, I had no idea what to expect. It went really well. The crowd, the engagement, the, the, the funny moments. Just, just everything. Everything about it was awesome. Now, I wish we could have done it more often. I wish it was more than three. Oh. But we coming back. We coming back. And, we coming back and when we come back, we gonna hit some cities.


Yeah. We gonna hit some cities now. I know our next one, our next one would probably be New Orleans. Yeah. Right? Yeah. And, and so hell, if it, we could probably sell out, we could probably sell out the goddamn Superdome, whatever, whatever the stadium is. But I'm, I'm excited for that. I'm ex I'm, I'm excited for that. That live show in New Orleans, whatever the date may be, you know, before Super Bowl is going be a movie. It's gonna be a movie. And whenever we get an opportunity to go back on the road, people complain. And why you ain't coming to Miami? People in Cincinnati complaining. Well, why you ain't coming to Cincinnati? Pull your horses.


Yeah. We, We coming, I think the greatest thing that ever happened to me in 2024. Yeah. That I didn't move my black ass to Houston. Hey, listen, I already, I got, I got, listen, I can't say nothing about that 'cause I already got cussed out, Man. Yeah. Why you Talking about, why you talking about Houston and all that? It was, I was, it was part of the show. Ain't part of no show. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna leave. I'm gonna leave that alone. Yeah. I'm gonna leave that alone too. But that was the best, that was the best decision. Decision. Sometimes the best decisions are the ones that you don't make. Right. Right. Hey, but I ain't, listen, I, but y'all been out there in Houston.


Bless your heart. I, I salute you. If you, if you in the chat and you're from Houston, as they may, I salute you. I don't know how you do it, but I salute you. I salute you. Jesus Christ. I'll be, I'll be flat broke. Huh? Flat broke. You're not understanding me. I went out with J Joe and I went out with Dre. They took me to two places. We went to a place called Do Not Disturb. We friend of mine by the name of Keith owns it, promoter. And then they took me to something called Tipsy off Alameda. Tipsy. You know, I don't drink no alcohol. I told him, yo, you know what? I don't want to go nowhere. I'm finna go inside.


Man. Dre and JJ was like, man, come on man. Don't do us like that. You never out here in Houston anyway. You might as well just come out and hang out with us for a little bit. I say, all right man, fuck it. I'm gonna go. Unc Tipsy was a nice little, little, small little ball, little small little hole in the wall. Good music. I went in, I went in there. Oh, they was in that jamming. They was in that jamming. I, I, I walk in unc, I look to my left and I tapped Dre on the shoulder. I said, you see that? He said, yeah, just keep on walking Ojo. Hey. I walk a little bit more on, I look to my right.


I tapped Jjo. I say, Joe, Joe, boy, you see that right there, Joe? Say, yeah, don't worry about it. Just keep on walking on. We, I happened to look up and just look around to my left and just pan the area, man. What the, where all these people come from. I'm like, everybody's fine. Huh? Every, everybody, Everybody, everybody. Come on Man. I, you know, I live in Atlanta and I thought Atlanta, from what I seen, ain't nothing messing with a a They ain't messing with Houston. They ain't, they're not effing with Houston.


No, man, I don't know. I, And I, and I only want a handful of places. I don't want go no more. I don't wanna go no more. Ask, we gotta come back to Houston. I said, no, we don't. No we don't. No. Hell no. No. Listen. That, that it was, it was, it was, it was. Listen far as I'm concerned, I got the baddest in the world. Yeah. Far as I'm concerned. I got the baddest in the world. But Houston boy, y'all out there stepping boy. Yeah, man. That's the greatest boy out. OCHO came down. I looked at three. Texas had two of them.


Right? Dallas and Houston. And I went to another one. Yes Sir. The best decision. Ain't no way. Oh, I have been canceling so many shows on you. Hey, we can, I ain't gonna lie with, I been canceling shows Monday night, Thursday night, man. On show by yourself, bro. Hey, hell no. And y'all know how I'm serious about my work. I'm serious about work. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But like Clint Eastwood said, every man gotta know his limitations. Yeah. I know my limitations. I pay, I, I try to, I, I try to play in a room where I'm strong. I try to stay away from my weaknesses.


Yeah. I got you. Woo Lord Mercy. Oh man, that was they boys. But Hey, all the stops. I would you echo Ocho. I wanna echo what you said. All the stops were unbelievable. The participation from the crowd. Hopefully the crowd, hopefully guys you enjoyed it as much as Ocho and I did the staff, CAA live nation, everybody that worked behind the scenes from makeup to wardrobe, I mean everybody, the bookers that, that booked the guest in Atlanta and Houston and Dallas. Thank you guys. We understand that's a lot of work. A lot, a lot of, a lot of, woo. A lot of people that was involved. 'cause it's a lot of moving parts. And, we think everybody that was involved, but mainly, most importantly, we thank the crowds.


We thank the friends. We thank you guys for showing up, for showing out, participating. And that was great, man. And, we look forward to getting back on the road, obviously. Oh yeah. The next one's gonna be New Orleans, but probably late spring we're gonna be at it again. Yeah, yeah. We'll be at it again. Late spring. We gonna be on the road. Yeah, we'll be on the road. I feel like I'm, I feel like a rapper now. I feel like a rapper. 'cause I know what it'll feel like to go on stage. And then the energy from the crowd, the look up. Oh man. And then the, the love and just the Oh, oh, I I like that. Yeah. I like that.


J GC 85, 91. Man, your guys tour with hands down the best entertainment. Keep up the great work, bro. Thank you. It, it, it, people like yourself that make all this possible, that make it all worthwhile. The support that you guys have given us, OCHO and I was at the gym training and everybody was like, man, I'm coming to the show. I mean people, we were in Dallas when we were in, what was we in Dallas And. we were, I was at the bottle side in OCHO and people was like, man, I'm coming to the show, man, I can't wait. I had to come meet you up and, and support you. The support that we've received for this tour to watch Nightcap, when we do it on, on the, you know, the Sunday and Monday, Thursday and this year, you know, we've added Saturday Ocho the love and the appreciation man.


That's what makes it worth it. Yeah. That's what makes it worth it. So guys, thank you for making this all possible. Wendy honest opinion says, yo Hollywood. Houston, wait till you come to New Orleans and see Creole women. New Orleans has some of the best looking women. Y'all do. Look here, man. Yeah. Y dang it. Houston, y'all did it. Y'all, y'all, yeah. Y'all did it. Y'all did in Houston. Houston. I'm gonna stop. I'm gonna stop. I'm, listen, I'm gonna stop talking about it 'cause I'm not, you know What I'm gonna stop talking about too. I Ain't saying that. Ain't I ain't you gonna have, I'm talking about it.


'cause you talking about it and you going have me on the goddamn couch back in the doghouse, And. we just, we just stopped beefing. We just stopped. I don't know about the women now Houston, now New Orleans. Yo, y'all got some good food down there. But you know, I don't eating all that, that gun boy and that jumbo line and that, you know, attitude. Fa Boy, you know, boy. Hey listen, then Beignet, you don't eat the beignets. I eat Beignets. Yeah. Okay. You, you don't eat gumbo. I'm allergic to shellfish. Okay, okay. Oh, so you don't eat, you can't eat crawfish either. Well, don't worry about it. I, I'd enjoy it for you. Don't worry about it. I'll enjoy it for you. Yeah man. God, how many, how many people in the chat?


Any people in the chat from New Orleans? What y'all know about Mess Maya? Man. Hey, Y'all know about mess. Everybody In the chat. Where a good place for me to buy a condo in Houston? Damn. Hell Nah. I don't want no part of that. Real tell What was it like playing with Bill Romanski? Was he really that fair? Was he really a monster? Or what kinda weight was he lifting? Romo was great to play with. Romo did what? Romo worked hard. He studied, he knew tendencies. He knew how to get himself prepared.


I mean, he was, you know, he was a normal guy. He fit in. But when he got on the field, he turned into a different player. He was a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. He was a normal guy walking in, you know, in meetings and in practice. But when he got into the game, he went to a dark place. Now he wasn't, no, you know, he wasn't no weight room. I mean, he was strong enough. He knew how to shed blocks. He knew how to take on blocks. He knew angles. But nah, he was, he was great. Dr. Frank l Bella said, Hey, first cousin Ocho, which team do you think have the most approved this season?


And what, and what will make or break their success? Who has the most to prove Ojo Shoot the most, the, the most approved, the most approved Jets. Yeah. Aaron, I, not even the Jets. Hell Aaron Rogers. Yeah, Aaron Rogers. I, I think he has the most improve, you know, with the expectations that they had for him coming in last year and what he was supposed to do. Getting injured on the fourth play of the game. You know, I mean their season went down, down the dream with that, with the way he's been been acting, there's one thing that can cure all the issues. All the, the, the political beliefs that he's had. All the things he said, the rumblings that things aren't going well internally, you know, with the way he's acting.


One thing can cure that. That is the Jets winning. That is Aaron Rogers stringing together game after game win after win. Don't we call him? It, it, it, it will cure everything. Yeah. I think the jet will, I wouldn't even say the jets. Aaron Rogers has the most approved 'cause if he doesn't play well this year, they're moving on from him. T Buck said UNC shirt always looked like it was about to pull, pull it off off the back collar first big ass trap problem. Yeah. You know Ocho, me and Ocho had a, Ocho was talking about he was bigger than me. I listen, I ain't too far off. I I posted a picture. Ocho, if, if, if you could look at the picture when we was in Atlanta, you could see next ne side to side about the same.


Look at that O Joe. Listen, you listen, you got on the shirt. I got on my hoodie and you could see my arms. You see you. My arms are just, are just as big as I got my hoodie on. Yeah. I got, I got some sides on me now I'm telling you. Nah, nah, ocho I mean everybody say you about Buck 75. Buck 85. I gave you one. I gave you 180 8. Nah, but nah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'd be 200. Gimme about another, another three weeks. A quote says Stu is the MVP best player on the best team Love Asia, but her team is four. Her and, and her conference Stuy is in first her conference based on last MVP.


No, last MVP Ewey. First of all, the ACEs had the best record last year and Asia was the best player on the team with the best record. So no mayhem. Martin Milk does not come before Cereal. Cereal First milk sucker. What? Y'all's favorite cereal. I agree. You put the cereal in the bowl and then you pull the milk on top of the cereal. Always. Who does it the opposite way. That's the only way to do it. That that's what I would think. My favorite cereal. Yeah. Who the hell pour the milk first then put the cereal that don't make no damn sense.


Somebody that got, somebody that waste a lot of milk. So backwards. Yeah man. I mean mainly we got cornflakes growing up. I mean we didn't get a whole lot, a different series. My grandma broke, brought cornflakes that white box with that big ass red roost on it. That's what we ate. Put sugar every once in a while. I like Apple jacks. I used to like donuts. They had a called Donuts. I like, I like dig snacks too. Them dig smack one like that. I, I remember that. I remember them. I remember my my favorite, my favorite cereal. Even still to this day.


Every blue moon. If I don't get oatmeal, if I don't, I don't, I don't have real Make me oatmeal, frosted Flakes and Raisin brand. My Raisin brand. I always have chopped up bananas and my Frosted Flakes always have chopped up, chopped up bananas. And the weird thing with me is I let my cereal sit so it gets a little soggy. I ain't remember no razor if Irai brand, I ain't leaving the house. For real. What you like rai Razor brand, brand cereal and razors. Man, I wish I might try to go out my house. You'll never have me somebody. Oh no. Nah, I'm good.


Oh no. Hey Bro, I love, I love some goddamn raisin brand, bro. Frosted Flakes and then I love peaches and cream quake, oats, peaches and cream oatmeal. Boy, I love, I love, love it. Remember my granddaddy used to make me cream of wheat? Remember Cream of Wheat? Yeah. King Daddy used to make me cream of wheat. I know. I ain't the only one who in the Chad used to eat them King vitamins. If you got King vitamins. I know what y'all was on. You know about them King vitamins, don't you? Nah, I don't know. I don't know what, I don't know what that King, I ain't the only one that they King vitamins.


I dunno what that is. Google them King Vitamin Captain Crunch. Man. I hadn't had cereal in so I hadn't had like cold cereal, like cereal with milk. 'cause I really, I don't really do milk Anymore minute. Right. Oh man. Probably, probably about 15 years, 20 years. Yeah. See yeah man, it's, it's, I it's probably been probably something like that just honestly, but I think I've had it a little bit more recently than you because obviously my kids. Yeah, now Oatmeal. Yeah, I oatmeal every day for 27 years.


Oh, okay. We, we we on the same page. Yeah, We on the same. You you, I used to post pictures of the oatmeal but that was that Roger Camacho. Hey hug and Chocho. Can you give my fiance and I shout out, her name is Maria. We're getting married next year to Maria. Congratulations on the big, on the big Nuptials. Congrats. Hopefully you have a lifelong of happiness and bliss. There will be some ups and downs, but there's nothing that you guys can't get through. So congratulations on the marriage. Roger, you and Maria much love and success. Happy Marcus Young says Ocho, why haven't you ever been on men versus Wild with bare grills?


That would've been some good entertainment. I like like that. I like that. I like that. That that would've been dope. But I know Unc and I, we creating our own content. Yeah we creating our own contents called OCHO versus everybody. Now. Well I'm gonna be playing everybody all, all the, all the trash talking I dude to all the elite athletes, you know the Anthony Edwards, the Kevin Durant, the track stars, the track player, the tennis players. I'm going to challenge any and everybody, I'm gonna record it And. we gonna have segments of me dominating everybody at their respective craft. Because I'm him. I've been him.


Nicki Grant says I was raised by a single grandmother who had limited income. No public assistance, assistance except housing. And never have I had any of those struggle meals. Well I don't know to tell you Struggle. Ain't no struggle meals, But I have. That was life. I mean, I don't know what you think but Nicki, I tell you what, I bet you had indoor plumbing. I bet you had running water. I bet you didn't have floors with a tin roof. Uhoh. Uhoh. Now I bet if you live like that I bet you gonna have some struggling meals.


I be, y'all think it seems like I wanted to eat like this. Oh I wouldn't have ate that. I'm gonna tell you what my grandma used to tell me and my brother would do without. And guess what? Probably about seven 30 we'd be right there in that pot eating what we say we didn't want. That's okay. My grandma like, hey, my grandma ain't never said okay if you don't eat, I ain't cooking nothing else. What you going to eat? And you didn't get back then when I grew up Ocho you didn't get another meal until all that what was cooked was gone. Was gone. Yeah. It wasn't like no. Oh okay we got a little bit less. Let's start on something else.


That thing was completely gone before my grandmother would start preparing something else. Yeah and whatever you didn't eat, she added flour and water and it was gonna be smother frying, be it chicken, be it pork chops or whatever the case may be. You going to eat that? Oh yeah. We ain't wasting nothing in this house, boy. And that let me know what I didn't want, man. I couldn't, you think I wanted to eat like that? Think about it. Everybody ain't like Sterling and Shannon. Sharpe had an opportunity to go make money and didn't have to eat that anymore. A lot of people still eat that now. Yeah, my sister still eat. Raccoon probably got one in the freezer right now. I probably got one in the freezer right now.


Probably have a brain. You some ocho. Nah, I'm good Ocho. We gotta try it. We gotta try it Ocho that that's the thing. You say we wanna ocho capturing content. Yeah, that's content. Well listen, I tell you what, the day you try what I asked you to try was whoever you well Whoa, whoa. We can't capture that. That ain't content. Oh, we, We can capture It. No We can't. We just, you not, no, we can capture, you know how people, no. When women, when women take pictures with dudes and they put like the emoji over their face. Yeah we just put the emoji over your face trying, trying it Like man that know my big ass body talking about that's on man.


Please man, you know damn well people know who I am. Oh shoot. Hell nah. That's funny. Sheldon Pope said Ocho did you enjoy Magic City? Man, shit out man. Hey, when you hit me and asked me did you wanna go where I told you I was at Talking about in the bed. I said, man, you suck. Listen y'all see what time it is. Once nine o'clock hit. Let me, let me explain something to the chat. Like if you know me, you know me Well, if I start rocking back and forth like this and I'm here or I, I hit one of these maneuvers like this, I'm fighting for my life.


Hey, I'm fighting for life. I ain't go to no magic city. 'cause once it hit nine o'clock or any, but anything after nine o'clock, but you might as well chalk it up. We went to camp. I ain't, I can't, I can't do it. I can't do it, Man. What you call it? We went to Cam spot. Cam spot was nice man, that age. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Cam Spot was nice. Cam I went, we went to fellowship. Fellowship was real nice. Enjoyed me by two or enjoyed me by two cigars. Yeah. I ain't enjoyed The lamb chops, you know, got the tacos. You know, I had, I I had to slide us. Yeah, you did. But it was nice. It was nice little get together. We we'll do, we'll do more of that.


But you know, once we got the, we kind of got the cadence now Ocho of what to expect and how long. So we good Now we good? We good? Guess what, mocho? Yeah. I gotta work in the morning. And that concludes Nightcap Guys, thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. He's your favorite number 85.


And remember every podcast subscriber matters. Thank you thus far. The Rot Runner extraordinaire, the Bing a ring of Fame honoree. Guys, if we don't, if you can't find La Porter in a state or a city near you, you can order it so we have it in stock. Thank you for being so supportive of Shea by La Porter. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. And that's 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Everything is right now is 20% off. Pro bowler all pro. The binga ring of Fame artery. He's from Liberty City. Y'all know it. That's me. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


And to recap the USC Trojans, knock off the 20th rank, LSU Tigers, Miller Moss throws for 3 74 in a touchdown. Get a touchdown late in the ball game and they win the ball game. 27 23, right? Yeah. 27. 23. 27. 2027. 2027. 2027. 20 27 20. So thank you for joining us. We'll see you again tomorrow night. I'm tired of show this boy that that a, that two week stretch. Yeah, with the tour and them shows and I'm still doing filming Club Shea Shave.


I've taped three episodes during the tour and I had a couple of bottles signing with La Portier. Man, I'm gonna take my light skin self upstairs and gonna get me a great night's sleep. Thank you guys for joining us. Hold on. You. You get to have a good night's sleep. It's early for you. It is one 30. It is one 30 in the morning for me and I gotta be in the gym at 6:00 AM Well, Hey, see the sacrifice. It's all good. That's what it's about. Thank you Joy guys for joining us for another episode of Night Camp. I'm unc, he's ocho. We're out. We'll see you tomorrow, The Volume.


If you are a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery so you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you. Covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it. New episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances, asap, Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat, ua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the weekend, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, Coldplay, Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway he tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world that subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.