
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey Mike, glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes. To Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No, I thought you did. Oh yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating US restaurants.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with DraftKings Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers. It is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion applied. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Thank you. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friends and loved ones to do likewise and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know me your favorite Uncle Shannon sharp. Number 85 is at the bottom. Liberty City's own the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, thank you so much. It's a little late here on the East Coast, but You know what?


For the last 18, 19 months, you have stood by our side and made sure you catch every episode. So we greatly appreciate for your support and hopefully you'll continue to support UNC and OCHO here at Nightcap. Go follow my media company pages on all platforms. That's she Shea Media. Also gotta get Shaa by La Porter. Thank you. A TL Conyers Jack's Liquor. Thank you guys for showing up tower. Thank you guys for showing up. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Now we do have the LA Porter in stock. If you cannot find it any a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited. Once they're gone they are gone. We have Keon Coleman joining us a little bit later. Yeah. But first prayer, our thoughts and prayers here at Nightcap. Go out to Tracy Morgan. He was sitting courtside Ocho. I don't know if you've seen the scene, we're not going to show it. He was taken out in a wheelchair. But I just wanna say our thoughts and prayers here at Nightcap go out to Tracy Morgan and his family. Hopefully he's okay. Right. I'm sure he was taken to a local hospital for a a a, a diagnosis and evaluation.


But hopefully everything turns out this is not the time to try to crack jokes or try to diagnose him. 'cause we're not professionals and that's not what we do here. So I just wanna say our thoughts and prayers. I go out from OCHO and I and here at Nightcap that Tracy Morgan has a speeded recovery and everything is okay. Yeah. But we're not gonna show that scene. But we just want Tracy to get Well soon. One of the great comedians of our generation ocho. Yeah. Something we will talk extensively about. The Texans made Derrick Stingley Jr. Three years 90 million. This deal makes him the highest paid d highest paid db You was talking about this ocho.


Yeah. They got to that $30 million threshold. Yep. Yep. $30 million in new high as a high mark for defensive back, easily toppling the previous mark set by Carolina Panthers. JC Horn Yeah. Who signed just a week ago for 25 million. David Ulta. Congrats Dave Apple Athlete's. First of the deal is on behalf of Dave De Stingley reps, three of the highest paid cornerbacks and two of the highest paid safeties. Yeah. The LSU team of 2019 ocho. Yeah. Joe Burrow, Jamar Chase, Justin Jefferson and Derek Stingley Jr. Yeah. Have contracts totaling 600 million million dollars. That's a it's a beautiful thing.


It's a beautiful thing. What a m 600 mil? Yeah. Hey Derek Tinley is worthy of that contract. He's worthy. He's worthy and, and, and he deserves every single penny. I'm not sure to the extent that people understand how good Derrick Stingley is. Listen, if I could right now, I would break it down in PowerPoint presentation so you get a better understanding on why he got the deal. He did get. He's, he's electric technique sound man to man off coverage. Rarely out of position, ball skills, elite. There's really no weakness in this game. In the run game. He'll come up there and smack you too. Oh yeah. Yeah. Listen, when I talk about an all around corner that does it all, he is much so deserving of this contract.


Listen, at some point people in the chat, if you, if if you, if you listen, if you watch him, just watch Derrick Stingley highlights from college, even at LS u and watch him even in NFL against some of the, some of the Epi echelon receivers and you'll understand why he got that money. He's the real deal. Obviously he plays in Houston. He doesn't talk much so he doesn't get the notoriety or, or the cameras always on him. But man, listen, he might not talk, but he play a big game. Boy. He plays A good game. Play talk. Yeah. He ain't saying nothing. Play do all that talk. He plays play, do all talk if he played loud as hell. Yeah. Yeah. Can you imagine if he had personality to go with it on? Imagine if he had a personality like Dion or something like that. Then wouldn't be that everybody see Ocho. See the thing is you want everybody to be like you and I that could talk and still go out there and play.


Hey, some people they talk and get themselves out of their game. Right. Right, right, right. Okay. Talk talk to get people out because that's what we grew up doing. Yes sir. I was always the smallest. So I tried to talk somebody out their game. So it was natural for me Right. To go out there and, and bull jive and say whatever you can't because whether I said a little or a lot, not a lot. You, I still had to play. Yeah. No matter what. So if I didn't say anything, so if so, what if I, if I don't say anything, y'all gonna go easy on me. Nah. F y'all. Yeah. All y'all, you too, huh. Dope. But no, but but he, he's good. And David Mulet, I know Dave very well. He repre a, he, he, Hey, he gets the deal done.


Rocky Arsenal. Yeah, I know Rock. I've been knowing Rock for a long time. He did Chase and JJ Chase and t Egans. T yeah. The first person I knew he had was Marshall Falk. Yes sir. So that's how I met him at the Pro Bowl one year over there with Marshall. Yeah. He also did Zeke Elliot, he's a, a New Orleans native. So that's how I know Rock. But David Mulet gets the deal done. Yeah. And he got it done. Athletes first, they do big things. They got a lot of clients over there. And I love when the brothers are doing things and, and, and, and guys shaping up with those guys. And so I, I appreciate David and what you've been able to do. Congratulations on this deal. But Sting the congratulations to you Broca you earned Most definitely.


Most definitely. Damn deserve. You know, I I believe people earned what they deserve. Yes sir. He earned, he earned this with his plate. Yes. All the feel has been exemplary. And I like, this is what I love the most. O Joe. When guys don't have, look bro, I I I've done it. You reward me because guess what? If I wasn't living up, you released me And you go, so why I gotta come to you and ask you about my money? Right. Right, right, right, right, right. And I want to hear that. I don't want to hear, well, you signed the contract. They, how many players do they cut with years left on their contract That signed the contract and Y'all and they don't send up nothing about No. Oh, oh, he's not. No. Yeah. So it needs to work both ways, ways.


I ain't got no pro. I ain't got no pro. I got no problem. If somebody underperforms And you wanna move on, move on. Yes sir. But when they overperform, come on, Reward 'em, break bread, Reward 'em. And matter of fact, listen, Bring bread, gimme me. Yeah. Listen, we talk about Patrick er II got his deal. JC Horne got his deal. Derek Sin got his deal. Chad, y'all know who up next. Right. Sauce, Sauce is up next. And Sauce, sauce talked about. He tweeted, if I'm not mistaken, about how come we as dbs aren't paid as well or compensated as well as the defensive ends. You know, defensive ends are seen in a different light as far as Game Changer being able to impact the game.


Much more different than that of a corner. But when I, when you think about it, there are some corners in today's game that could impact a game too by shutting down one side of the field. Patrick C is in that group. I think Derrick Sly is one of those where, where teams have to be cautious and going at him depending on who the receiver is or who they're, who they are playing. And I think Sauce can also be in that group as well. I, You know what I've been do, I think a, a lot, A lot of people probably wouldn't agree. People will argue about Sauce and listen Sauce is very good. He had down year, he had a down year this year. But the first two years would really good if hard don't Joe. Yeah. It's hard. Listen, if you are not technically sound Yeah.


If you are not technically sound right, they gonna try your ass. Hell yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. But this is the thing to me, you might not agree with me. Some of the people in the chat might not agree with me. But as a receiver myself and a former db, You know, I played both sides of the ball. I believe that the defensive back position is a harder position to play in football. It is For the fact that you were doing everything at full speed, which in reverse, which possible to do in reverse. Going back with somebody, some of the elites, the Jamar chases, the t Higgins, You know, the George Pickins going at you full speed, the Tyreek Hills. I mean, come on now. You know, so I mean that's, that's, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm always, I'm always a fan and enthusiastic when it comes to defensive backs in their play.


Especially when they get rewarded like this, You know, salute the stingy sauce guard you up next, baby. You gotta you gotta reset the market. You gonna reset the market again. Let's go, let's go for 32. What you call him gonna be a Trent McDuffy. I hate that McDuffy hadn't made a Pro Bowl or been an all pro. Right. Right. Because now you're talking about 13 million in his 50 year option as opposed to 22, 23, 20 3 million in a fifth year option. And so that's the thing that I really hate about it. But it's kinda like basketball, you are on the first, one of the first three teams of all NBA. You're a defensive player of the year. Your all NBA selection. Yes sir. That increases the value. Yep. But man so much is contingent on things that are outside of your control.


Like the media votes on, You know, the all pro fans and, and and coaches and stuff vote. 'cause the players only have a, a a, a a a third of the vote. Yeah. So it it, it is tough and I really want these guys to get what they, what they've earned. And You know, I think Trent McDuffy is, is is one of the better corners in the, in the football league. Ab Absolutely. And I want, and I want his play to be, to indicate that. Right. But that's what happens. You know, quarterbacks ain't gotta do that. No. Now be quarterbacks be getting that money ain't been nowhere near first team or second team or 10 team all pro. Yeah. And they, and they get they money and with no hesitation.


Yeah. And listen, they will always treat the quarterback position that way. That that's, that's obviously the most valuable po valuable position on the field regardless who has and touches the ball most of the time. It will always be that way. Especially when you got the special ones. How many, how many years, how many years did Josh Allen still have on this contract? I think he had four. Man, listen, they they don't play. They, they do not play when they come to them quarterbacks, especially the elite ones. Oh, you gonna get your money. Yeah. I like that. I ain't got no problem with that Ocho. Yeah. You know, I ain't never been, I ain't, I ain't gonna never have No, he was a rookie season, second season once again, blah, blah, blah.


Oh, Ocho he was, he was our first team all pro last year. Oh, McDuffy. Yeah. So, hey, he gonna get Oh, so he next, don't you? Yeah. He gonna, he gonna get his back After this season. Yeah. After this season. They gonna come see you. Hey, they, they gotta come see me. They gonna Come see You. Hey listen, I want, I want the knock on the door to be real loud too. I want the knock on the door to be real loud. Don't, I don't, nobody don't be, Don't be ashamed. But Ocho I want you to have me. My have me my check out the door. I don't want nobody to know. Hey, one thing about it, they gonna know. Huh? Oh, for sure. Yeah. That, that, that check coming from that check coming from that entity. Yeah. Oh, they gonna know.


Yeah. And, and look, these guys are so good now. Ocho and the money. Yeah. I meant, You know what Ocho it slipped my mind. 'cause I had a thousand things going on. I wanted to call pry. I wanted to call time today. Hey, time man. You see what Stingy got time. Well, how much did they had to pay you Ty? Woo. Time. I already know what they gonna say, man. They had to gimme a part of the team. They, they would've had to do something. Sean. You had, they had to gimme a part of the team. They would've had, You know, now You know Prime. Yeah. That, that's Different. Like, You know that that's the thing that I wish and these guys are unbelievable. Yeah. But I just wish, You know, sometimes I just wish we could transport those guys that, that you and I played in the era with.


Right. Right. And so the people today can actually not not highlights. 'cause highlights don't really do it. No. That don't, They don't do you No justice. I tell it to you all the time And you can hear the passion in my voice and my voice start cracking when I talk about the Randy Moss, I talk about the Tara Low ones. I talk about the Marvin Harrison, the, the Jimmy Smiths where people don't understand. Watching highlights is one thing, but I gotta take my shades off. If you had the opportunity to see these people play in person up close, you'll understand. As great as the receivers are today, they cannot touch no disrespect, no disrespect. They can't touch them individuals, huh? Because you gotta look at it. You talking it, it's different.


The guys you naming, they're the three best of all time. You just named Ross, you name, you named Moss Rice and to Ross now, Hey, being able to unc being able to see it in person, man, you don't understand being able to see them boys up close in person and as great as Jamar Chase is that great. And just as Jefferson is, we can go down the line, the Tyreek Hills and then the do all of them though, they was on a different stratosphere. It's different. It's like I'm in the NFL with you and I'm on the sideline like this in awe Yeah. Of watching Moss play, bro. You had to watch him. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm on the field watching t I'm in awe.


I'm like, golly boy, I'm really, I'm really sharing the same field with these boys. When we played Jerry Rice, he was in Oakland. I'm a little, I'm a legit. I got, I got questions in my, under my glove. The and Jerry, after the game call 12, one of Y'all at Eight 40. Like Chad, you could probably look that up. Look at cha. Somebody looked that up for me real quick. See if you can find it. Where I had the, I had the questions for Jerry Rice in my glove after the game. I was, I was young. I'm like, oh man, I'm getting ready to shed a field. One of the greatest of all time. This is, these are the things I don't want to forget, but I want to ask him. Oh, I'm man, man, listen, when I tell you I was a student of the game, even though I acted a fool, you think I was able to talk trash on Wednesday and just go out there just off a wind without studying, without knowing my opponent?


Man, sh man, please. Oh, you got me. I got chills. Boy golly.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime Credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to myPay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchasing and regular on time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing power for stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. Softball is growing fast and I'm gonna help you keep up with the speed of the game and the athletes that play it so well. You may even be able to throw out the fastest slapper if you are an old or new fan. Looking to learn more about your favorite players or coaches and hear about their journeys and processes to success. This podcast is an exciting and invaluable resource for anyone interested in the complexities of excellence on the softball diamond. Softball is a game of failure and pressure situations, but lucky for all the fabulous softball players and fans. Pressure makes diamonds and it's time to drop some bombs and diamonds. On and off the softball diamond dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an athlete's limited softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I will put it to you like this. Jerry got 207 total touchdowns. One, one receiver. Hey Chad, one receiver you looking, go look at it and see who has the most touchdowns right now. And you tell me who you think. Now think I want you to say before you go and look and see who has the most touchdown, who's the closest to Jerry? Yeah. Think about when Jerry played. Yeah, Jerry didn't play where they throw the ball like they do now. Yeah, they ran the football. So just think about that. But these guys are really good Chase man. Chase could have played in narrative era. Yeah. There are a lot of these guys and that's, I think that's one of the compliments you can play. Yeah. You can pay a guy when you say son, you could play it in the eighties, you can play in the nineties, you could play the seventies, you could play in the sixties. When you tell a guy he can do that.


Yeah, you say that. That speaks volume. But these guys, congratulations guys. Everything that you get that you worked hard for, that you put yourself in position to achieve. Congratulations. Ronnie Staler says he's very happy to give the Reagan Ravens a bargain on the deal. Ronnie Staley, who was considered the top available officer, tackle this offseason, chose to resign with the Ravens for team friendly three year $60 million deal on March 8th. Instead of testing for agency. Staley says Staley's decision, as he explained, came down to loyalty. I knew I was going to give Baltimore the best bargain that I would offer any other team. But that being said, I still wanted to be happy with what I'm making and make sure I'm getting the value that I feel like I deserve.


I think it was a good balance to help the team and something I'm still happy with. Ojo at one point in time he was the highest paid. Yeah. And You know, injuries and he had, he took a pay cut. Yeah. They cut his salary down. Yeah. And when he had an opportunity to hit them over the head with the hammer, he hammer, he hit 'em. He hit a little bit, but he guys came. Now think about it, Ocho Yeah. He stayed for three years. 20 million. Yeah. You know, you going in the free edge market, they gonna overpay. Oh. Every time Now they gonna give you, they might give you five years 25 million. Yes sir. But he said, You know what, I'm comfortable. Yeah. La all la Josh Allen, what can I do with, what can I, what can I do with 60 million that I need 80 million to do considering Yeah.


I'd already got this big deal because at the end of the day, Ocho, I want the guy to do what's in the best interest of him. Right. He's like, I a, I was the first round draft pick, got money. They gave me a contract extension and they believed in me because when I was going through that and missed a better part of a year and a half, almost two years, they stuck with me. They, they stuck by me. Oh. So you listen that, that, that happened very seldom too. Huh? That happens very seldom. You know how they treat you once you get injured, you understand how they treat you once you get injured. Now when they take care of you, the way they took care of him with great understanding, then mentally, subconsciously, You know, if an opportunity like this presents itself and they're willing to pay you, that loyalty comes into play because you never forget that.


No. You never forget that what they did for you when they don't have to treat you like that. 'cause any other team you hurt. Ah, You know, they, they put you out. The Brave is good about that though. Ocho Hey. Yeah. They put put you, they put you out there by the pasture. Yeah. And You know what hap You know what happened when they put you out to the pasture? I, I can't speak to how everybody else do it. You know, we see things Ocho Yeah. But I was fortunate enough to play for two teams. Yeah. Very great team, great ownership. I played for the Mr. B in Denver. He was great. Have a different type of relationship with him that I, that, that than most players have with their owners. Right. But got into some, a situation where I needed some help with something. Yes, sir. He, he said I got, he say he gave me his personal attorney's info.


Yes, sir. They called him. Yeah. I called him. Name was Rick Slifka. As a matter of fact, Mr. Boley left him and Joe Ellison in charge of his estate. That just goes to show you what he thought of Rich. Yeah. Yeah. He said, pat told me that I was expecting your call. Tell me what's going on. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Got me my money back. There it is. Now would that be, and and then I played gold to Baltimore played with for art mode. And I know a lot of people Cleveland, they still mad at art, so forth and so on. But he was great. He was a great, he was great to his players. He really was a great man. And IIII miss him.


Unfortunately, he didn't get an opportunity to, to see me go into the hall. But I, everybody knows I have the utmost respect. Right. And profound respect for Mr. Mode. He hated calling him art. He said art was his father or grandfather. I mean Mr. Modell Right. But called him art. And that's how we refer to him as. But it was great. And, and I it's great to see teams reward their play because a lot of times players are more loyal to teams. Yeah. Than teams are loyal to players. And it's nice to see a player's loyalty rewarded or reciprocated Right by said team. But, But, but remember, remember what you said now the loyalty was shown to the player first.


Therefore it was easy for the player to reciprocate that back to the team. Now what, what I, what I would, what I would love to do is I would love for fans to have that same type of loyalty to the players as opposed to their team and wanting what's in the best interest of the players as opposed to their team first fans. Fans haven't been able to, to separate the two No, my team, my team, my team, my team and always leaving the, leaving the players And they raise the price, raise the price, raise the price, raise the price every year. Yeah. And then y'all wonder why the players and the wonder why the players, they want more money. Right. Because they see y'all paying more money to all them. Yeah. Y So anytime I see a situation like that, Ocho Yeah.


We ready Ash. Okay. Well, and so anytime you see a situation like that, Ocho, I I love it. I, I I love, I'm big on loyalty. Yes sir. I'm big on that. I, i I give it, I also want it reciprocated. If I can do something to help you, I will. Now I don't do things like for the most part, when I do stuff ocho, I'm not really expecting anything in return back. Right, right. That's why I only give the amount of money that I can say, You know what, I can, I can, I can, I can go, I can go without This. I I can eat this. Yeah. Yeah. I can eat this now if you come to me, I come to you, I say Ocho bro, check this out, bro. Yes sir.


Man, I need like, I need 50. Wait, what? Wait, say it again. Say it again. I ocho I need 50. 50. What? And you 50 bands. Oh. Yo. You good? You good? I can get that to you car. No, My thing is Ocho, if you come to me and ask for it. Yes sir. I shouldn't have to, you shouldn't have to come back to me and ask for me back. Right. I need you to be mad enough like you brought your ass to me. Right, right. And all humble. Hey, hey Ocho, lemme ask you, you should expect me to come back. Hey Ocho, I got your bread bro. Yeah, I brought that back. Yeah. I gotta trace you down about my money. Right. Lemme tell you what you what you'll never hear. You didn't know. You didn't know money had a smell.


Did you ocho but ask for your money back. Oh, you want that old funky a hundred dollars bill back? Yeah. I want my funky ass money back. It wasn't funky when you bar it. Hey, hey, hey. That's how you be. That's how you be, that's how you be treating, treating me by that little $5,200. That little 5,200. Hey. And you be, you be acting funny about that little 5,200. Huh? You know man, why you won? See, You know what I'm saying though? But guess what? If I owe you, you be running that as in the ground every day. Nah, I honestly, I tell you what I tell you what, honestly, if you owe me 5,200, I'm gonna let you slide for the simple fact. I know if I ever needed it, I know you got it. So I don't even want it right now.


I don't even want, I wouldn't even want it right now. That I won't mind right now. You hold on to that. I got you. I got you. I mean, I could, I could do something with that. What, What, what, what you gonna do with 5,200? Think about it. What, what you gonna do with that? Give It to me. Give it to me and I'll tell you later. I don't wanna tell you. Right. I don't want to tell you right now. Give it to me. Give it to me and I'll tell you, Hey Ocho, You know, bitch, you, you owe me. Lemme tell you what I did with it. That's what I'm going to do. Well listen, I don't know what I'm gonna do right now. Hey, I, I got you. I got you. Well I, I tell you, I told you, I told you last night. I told you last night, I, I've been treating myself this year. I decided, You know, this year. Why You ain't treating me?


Huh? Why you ain't treating me? No, I'm just saying you're not in the fashion. The way I'm in the fashion 22, 20 25 is the year I Can't get into it. Right. Because I 5,200 show I can't get, I wanna get into fashion, I wanna, I wanna get some red bucket jeans too. Alright. Ocho joining us now. Build Zoom had some injuries this year as a rookie, but hey still had a strong rookie campaign. Let's welcome Buffalo. Bill's rookie Keon Coleman. Keon. What it do? How y'all doing Baby? What's that? How I'm in Texas right now. Oh man. Listen, I'm gonna be there tomorrow, man.


We going, we we gonna slide. We gonna slide the whatchamacallit to what? Wait you in Dallas or Houston? I'm in Houston. Oh boy. Hey. What? Hey boy, you in Houston boy. What doing out there? You good? You you not married, are you? Nah. Nah. Okay. You good? You good? You good? You're good. Good. You got, you gonna put some pictures on the wall anytime soon? Yeah. This just, this just a room man. This just a room, just a office fix. Okay. Okay. I mean, You know, they hang pictures on the office, in the office. Not yet. I need some more. I need some more pictures like the air on me. You know, something crazy. Okay. You come out obviously, You know, second round draft, pick your rookie season.


What can you take from this season and how do you build on that golden season Number two. Really just stay hungry. I think that's really the thing I came with, You know, come out of the season where stay hungry unfortunately. Injuries and stuff like that. So just continue to take care of your body and then, You know, the on the field stuff, You know, just continue to be where you supposed to be at and You know the play gonna happen. You know, the play, the playmakers gonna make the play, You know. Yeah. So all that's gonna fall in line. Just continue to work harder. Yeah. Hey, listen, you, you had, you had a good rookie seat in 29. Catch 5, 5 56 yards, four tds. It was, it was a good showing. How is your confidence going in year two and what do you think the difference is from playing in college and the transition into the NFL?


Well the difficult most of the time for players is a learning curve. Normally you don't arrive as we call it, till year three. What do you think you need to improve on going into year two? So the game slows down for you. When the game slows down for you, that's when You know you arrive. So for one, the confidence. Confidence always on the hundred got to be standing there a thousand at this point. So I'm real confident going into the next season, my connection with Johnson and all that, let's continue to trend in the right direction. So confident, real high, You know, been getting opted, opted this off season training and stuff. But the biggest difference, college to the NFL just gotta be more technically sound bro.


Mm. Everybody's, You know that much better. Yeah. You know, and he, what making even worse, the D-line that much faster. So that's all it is. You getting back there faster, the ball gonna come out faster. And then understanding you're not always playing against a guy across from you. You really playing a guy that's got that head shirt on, calling the defensive plays. So you really trying to get the BC so understanding they tendencies and what they like to do, what they like to take away from certain guys. That's, that's really, You know, who you really be going against. So once you master that, then You know you'll be all right. I like that. I like that Keon, there are the report that came out that some team, I mean you don't have to name the team if you don't want to got upset with you from eating fruit snacks in the meeting. Can you elaborate what, what was said and what made you feel like they got upset with you for eating fruit snacks?


Snacks. I mean, if they wouldn't, if they would've, the fact that they even mentioned it, it was like, it was like, You know, if it was like a, it was a certain look man, You know that look when you in the meeting room for the full of people and it just was one of those looks. And then after they was like, well I think they stopped me and was like, You know, just please, You know, just wait till afterwards to eat the snacks. I'm like, I ain't really tripping. You coulda waited till after to say that you didn't have to interrupt the meeting for that. You feel me? But I'm like, cool. Like, You know, you get all them, them formal meats at the, at the, I had like them in one day. This was like number 15. Yeah. It was all great visits, but I was, I was over, bro. I ain't gonna name the team though. It ain't that excuse.


Right. You went viral for a lot of your comments that you made during the draft process at the combine. Were you surprised by how much attention your, your, your, your answers or the questions that were being asked, are you surprised at how viral those moments went? I mean, with, with social media nowadays, bro, everybody kind of just looking for a clip or, or something that's just different and it's rare guys just be theyself, You know, in those type of situations they're more tense or You know, get a robot answers. I'm just me bro. Stuff just, it is just gonna be said. It's just, I'm gonna be myself a hundred percent of the time and You know, I mean they did blow up but I mean, I couldn't say I didn't expect it. It kind of just happened, You know, it ain't like I was planning forward.


It just kind of was conversation here and there. And I give you my response and what I think I should say And you just go from there. I, I think that's what, that's why so many fans, including myself, I talked about it too, about some of the things that you say, the way you carry yourself, you, you authentic, you organic, you, you're not, you're not politically correct, you're not a robot, which most of the time the NFL wants you to be. Obviously you, you understand there's a fine line you don't want to cross, but you're able to be yourself and what, what makes it good for you? Why I know you gonna be a superstar. Because when you have that, that organic mentality And you are authentic the way you are and real and a lot of people can relate to you And you can play on the field as well, that takes you to a whole different level.


So you got that it factor that you can't even teach. So you are ahead of the curve anyway. So my next, my next thing I wanted to ask you is how do you approach, how did you approach learning the playbook as a rookie? 'cause I'm thinking about my rookie year when I gotta to Cincinnati. Boy I struggled. Boy, I struggl and I really couldn't touch the field the way I wanted to. How did that, how, how did that go for you, your, your rookie year? Oh, I mean it wasn't, it wasn't like, it wasn't, I wouldn't say it was hard for real, right? Like the plays, the playbook, the formation, none of that really was hard. It made even more sense from the college playbook. You know, I played in a pro style system at Michigan State. Okay. Then Dr. To Florida State. It was a number system. Right. So just a combination of both and putting myself to the task. And if I got to Florida State to learn that fast, it helped.


'cause I got two different systems to combine and learn these launch systems. So it was, it was pretty smooth. Okay. Okay. Oh yeah. It wasn't that simple for me. Keana, I ain't gonna lie to you bro, because the number system, like most people learn the number system 2, 4, 6, 8 is to your right. Yeah. One three feet. 1, 3, 5 is to the left. Yeah. Well Tom Landry, it was a defensive coordinator. So when he gotta be a head coach and he started calling plays, it was reversed. So 1, 3, 5 is to your right. 2, 4, 6, 8 is to your left. Your left. So I hear something with an odd, with an even number. I'm only answer to the right. I got this one. Hey Sean, where you, Sean, where you going?


2, 4, 6, 8 is to the right. Ah, damn. So I stayed, I I, yeah, it, it was tough. But I'm glad you was able to pick up because the, as OCHO said earlier, the quicker you can pick it up, the quicker you can let your ability take over and you're not thinking, Oh yeah. And You like, damn, am I running the right route? And you going, 'cause you want, like you said, everything is sped up. Yeah. And You, And you hesitate, you beat in this league. Yeah. Because everybody's good. Yeah. Yeah. Lemme ask you this. How did you get used to playing into the cold? Cold? Because I mean, look, you got cold in Michigan, but buffalo is a different animal.


Mean three feet, both feet of snow on you overnight. I mean, once it's below like 32 below freezing technically cold and cold, right. You just gotta, you gotta, You know, got your own team routine. It's a mental, it's a mental thing then. Yeah. Like you should be more excited for the game than you is to think about the cold because it be cold all week anyways. Yeah. Yeah. So like the game come, You know, you might not always practice in the cold, but it's like, but you could make it a few hours in the cold. Like this is, this is your profession. Like, but you go, you go through your little routine. My best advice, I take a shower before even hot games, but them cold games take you a shower.


If you a Vaseline guy, Vaseline that body down, close them pores. If you are a tiger bone guy, whatever you use, use that. Once you hop out that side, them pores is open. Use that sa lean get right, get your feet, get your hands and your feet. That's the main two things. Yeah. Yeah. Feet get cold. It's a wrap. It's a Wrap open. I gotta keep 'em to gotta keep the toes, The toes and your fingertips. Let them two get cold. Them fingers get cold out. I catch 'em like this. You'll be trying to stick it to your body. Yeah, yeah. Show the pads already brick. Like this cold is frozen. Yeah, you be all right. You Gotta hold that baby. You gotta hold that baby. You gotta hold that baby key Keon, you'll figure it out.


But the cold really fun though. 'cause nobody on the digital side really be trying to, trying to hit. 'cause they everywhere they hurt, but they just trying to push me outta bonds and stuff. So you catch it. You used to be off to the races. Yeah. Hey, listen, I, I know you're not a scout. I know you're not a gm. I know you're not in the front office. You a rookie last year, but based on how well you guys played offensively, obviously having Josh Allen and You know, your defense, if you were gm, if you were in the Bill's front office, in the war room draft day, what do you think your team needs to improve if any area needs improving? Hmm. I think there's always room for improvement though. Yeah. Always. We had a, we did deal with quite a bit, quite a bit of engines, You know, but on the defensive collar ball, yeah, I'll go D-line.


Okay. And a corner. Okay. And probably look for another guy at safety that could play that higher bit safety position. Right. So up and up and up and down in the box and yeah. Okay. Okay. I'll go, I'll go D-line. Anywhere in that D-line, I'll go one or 2D linemen, gimme a corner. Actually I get two corners. You always need that back there. Right, right, right, right. Can happen. So I'll gimme two corners and then I'll go give, I'll go gimme another receiver that can play different positions. I done. Well, what you think, what you think I saw, I saw reports and it, it might be possible, I'm not sure if it's true or not, but maybe Stefan Diggs reuniting coming back to Buffalo. I don't know. I don't, my, my ear don't be in that door.


I don't, I, You know nothing about that. I mean, he come back, I'd be happy to have him as just another guy in the room to learn from. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I, listen, listen, listen. For me, from the outside looking in, adding another weapon like Stefan that knows the offense, that knows Josh Allen Mo, most of the, the, the pressure wouldn't be on him. Just being there to contribute in a way. Obviously being a veteran presence, You know, for some of the young guys, I think it would be a good look, You know, for you guys. So, and hell, I mean, damn. I, I like it. I like it. Like I said, I don't know. My ear don't be in that window. I don't know, I don't be hearing nothing about That


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. Softball is growing fast and I'm gonna help you keep up with the speed of the game and the athletes that play it so well. You may even be able to throw out the fastest slapper if you are an old or new fan, looking to learn more about your favorite players or coaches and hear about their journeys and processes to success. This podcast is an exciting and invaluable resource for anyone interested in the complexities of excellence on the softball diamond. Softball is a game of failure and pressure situations, but lucky for all the fabulous softball players and fans. Pressure makes diamonds and it's time to drop some bombs and diamonds. On and off this softball diamond dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an athlete's limited softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is App. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


Lemme, lemme ask you this. You have Josh Allen. What's it been like? Because you go to a team And you got one of the better quarterbacks in the National Football League. It ain't no, oh man, I don't know who I show hope we can win today. You got this guy, there's an expectation to win. Yeah. There's not a hope. You don't hope to win. Sometimes you have quarterbacks, man, if, if the defense can hold 'em to 17, if we can get a couple of big plays, commit, create turnovers in special teams, we can win. You go out there every week with 17 as your quarterback expecting to win. What has it been like playing and having 17 calling plays in the huddle? I mean, it's real fun. You know, we have a lot of fun even throughout the game, we be joking around, You know, it's a, it is a place where we all can be loose and still be professional and get our job done.


But with him back there, bro, it's like, it's a blessing. I said it's a blessing to be able to be blessed with a quarterback of that talent. A rookie, as a younger guy, You know, most guys come in and be great, but struggle because a quarterback is not up to par. But my quarterback demands greatness and he demands you to be where you need to be and that ball gonna come on time and Oh yeah. Even if you ain't expecting it, it's still there. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's Always gonna be a Catchable ball. It is not easy playing with a guy like that because you have to stay active. Yeah. You might think he gonna be on one side and like, damn, how you get way over there in your ball coming out? It's like You Ain't got time to say damn On and take off, take off. Hey, when you hit a crowd, go hard, you start looking.


Find him, you gotta take off And you better be him on the other side of the field. You want that rock and that, that gotta be an awesome feeling. Being able to play with somebody that's elite, one of one of the best in the game. Listen, probably, probably top three, top four in the NFL that can extend plays and playoff scripts. So regardless of when the play breaks down, you still know you have an opportunity to get a ball. That, that has to be a great thing. I got one, I got one question that really had nothing to do with football. I think if I'm not mistaken, Buffalo is known for its wings. Yes. Yeah, they got some spots right there. So if the, if there, if there was a wing spot, I know you've only been there a year. If there was a wing spot And you had to choose where to go to get wings, where would you go?


Bar Bell. Oh. They got this place called it. It's love something. I don't know. My mama don't know the name of it. I just know where it's at. It's downtown in Buffalo, but neither there or barbell. I need, I need them to add that honey lemon pepper and then hot lemon puff. I need both of those flavors on all menus. Okay. That's only, that's the only flavor they missing for me. Hot lemon pepper, hot lemon pepper and honey lemon pepper. I need both of those. So they, they, they ain't got no Wingstop out there in Buffalo, huh? Nah, I ain't got that. Okay. I don't think so. I ain't seen one. Well you all, I mean, you right across the, you right across the bridge from Toronto. You, you, you, you, you travel across the bridge.


That ain't no, that ain't right across the bridge. That's an hour and a half. Man. Man, Toronto ain't no hour and a half. Man. You gonna tell me it's an hour and A half when I came because when I came to Bo, because when I came to Baltimore that Ridiculous. And you heard of what you say? What? What you say? What you say Kia? That traffic ridiculous over my, as soon as you, as soon as you crossed the border And you get down to the, to Toronto traffic's ridiculous. Oh. That, that ain't no change because when we went across there, it wasn't no hour because You know we, Hey because You know we laying Hey drop them bags off. Where Y'all staying at though? Where y'all was staying at? Y'all was in the city of Buffalo? No. Where y'all was staying at? I don't think so because man, y'all had to be, bro, we was only 20.


We was like a 20 minute cab ride. From what? From from Toronto? No, you must be talking about from the border. Once you cross the border. That ain't Toronto. You gotta drive to Toronto. Hey, I don't know. They tell us we was in Toronto so I took that word for it. Hold on. Lying. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Keon on. I'm trying to figure out if you flew in for a game and y'all playing the bills. What you were doing in Toronto? What's in Toronto? Oh my bad, my bad, my bad. Hey going ke Hey, my bad, my bad. I that, Hey, that was a long time ago. I don't remember. I know. What's the name of the spot you went to? I don't remember. Yeah, you don remember you remember?


I'm Like, I'm like me to go there. You know, you can't Hold that, that, that was, that was before you was born Kia. I can't, I can't even remember that key. I ain't gonna lie to y ain't gonna hold you. Oh, you just Remember going there? You don't remember the Yeah. That everything, everything was a blur. Mm mm mm But lemme ask you this, you, you, your, your seminals. So let are, are you, are you more Florida State or are you more Michigan State? Because you, you, you, your Florida, your semis fell a hard time this year. Key Man, I can't even answer that question. I I mean it's, I spent more years in Michigan State at Michigan State, not there of Florida state. Right. But Florida State was a real iconic seven, eight months that I was there. So I, I'm, I'm both but Michigan State, You know, got a whole new culture style come from the West coast.


So it's a, it is a different program than when I was there. But You know, some of my same guys still there in the weight room and stuff like that. So I'm, I'm both sides. I would be watching somewhat, but You know, most of the guys that I was like my younger guys when I was there at different schools. So I watch different teams play. Right. Okay. You, you, you still, you still thinking, you still like you supporting them? Yeah, I support players more so. 'cause teams change, university coach, all that team. I ain't, that's like my favorite player was Kobe. If Kobe would've ever left, forget de lip, You know. So that's just me. I I root for my young guys that was under me and that I played with and You know, I got a guy in Alabama that I, I watch Alabama games, man. I ain't never really watched no Alabama games.


Right. So he there And you got different guys in different areas that I watch day games to support them. Right. Hey, you Sometimes sometime you wear two mouthpieces, right? Yeah. I know. I'm not tripping. What, what, what, what, what's that about? What, what does that come from? Is that from Little League? Is that something you've always, always done that? I remember seeing you do it in Florida State. I, if I'm not mistaken, I think you, you did in the league too, right? I did it a few games but man, by the time I'll be forgetting, I don't even wear a mal keys in the game. You feel. And if I didn't put 'em on that before the game, then they probably wouldn't ever be proud. Right, right. That Florida state that used to wear the Apple watch with the once whatever Apple Watch band, they used to send me the bad colors. Right. A teen and I just to wear it like, I just to be trolling, wearing they teen colors.


It was like, it was fine at first when I did it and now everybody just throwing like random colors, it don't hit the same. Okay, okay, okay. When it teen colors and it looked fine. Okay, I got you. I got you. Are you, are you a talker? Do you talk trash during the game? Do you like, Hey bro, hey, hey all you about find yourself on the waiver while tomorrow trying to deal with me? Nah, I be chilling bro. But if they say something to me then it's, it's zero, 10 minute, quick. I just be vibing. I come there to do my job, I'm, but the moment you say something, it can be something nice. I don't want to hear it, just don't talk to me. Right. So you had or somebody 20 something then I'm on 10, like I now over with. Did you have any issues with any DBS this year that really talked trash to you?


Or was everybody kind of straight? No, only, only will, will only person said I, so, and we seen how that one ended. But I mean shit, that was the only person really, really told me. So here. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Keyon man, thanks for joining us tonight bro. We really appreciate it. Continued success. Hey build on that rookie season. You got your sophomore season, your quarterback's back in the fold. It's time to take that next step bro. It's time to be. Hey, when we talk about these top receivers, it's time to make sure UNC and OCHO have your name in that discussion. Yes sir. I will be. Trust him. Alright. Alright. Congratulations. Congratulations on your rookie. Congratulations on your rookie season. We'll see you down the road, man. Take care. Appreciate it. Hey, if you need a DB for some one-on-ones, let me know.


I'll lock you up. Oh my God. Bring, bring your clea at bring 10,000. We got it. I don't even wait. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Bring my grandma. Clea at what? Bring 10 racks. We ain't gonna gonna run for. Oh, I'll tell you what you do. You might as well. Why that 10 to me? Because if you ain't never seen my, if you ain't seen my DB skills, you ain't catching nothing. And make sure Josh Allen there. 'cause I don't want no excuse about I ain't having my quarterback. My sister could throw my D that open. It don't matter who back there. Get open on who? You. Thank you man. Boy, you done bumped your head boy. I'm a child of dog. You gone come out here soon, right? Huh? What's size? You are? I wear 11. Alright, well I got some police please. You, I, I'll bring you your old key.


All right? You, you, you training in Houston? I be everywhere. Wherever you need me to be. You know, I come down, I come down because You know, I'm, I'm not coming down there. You gotta come see me in Texas, bro. I, I come, I come to Texas. Who's the quarterback? I don't want no excuse. It don't matter. It don't matter. All right. A blind man can throw it. I'm that open. Just throw it. Okay? All right. Say less. I'm gonna see you in a minute. All right. Yo. Alright Bro. And congratulations again. See you down the road, bro. Appreciate it. Keon Coleman Buffalo. Bill's wide receiver, rookie wide receiver going into his sophomore season. We expecting great things from him coming in the upcoming season. O Joe Miles, Garrett explained his change of heart. He had a John Q moment, a change of heart and explain why he's staying in Cleveland.


I think some, I think I had some frustration and I feel like that helped us grow and, and have a conversation where difficult, difficult but needed to be, had that created a little more discourse, helped build some relationships and reaffirm them. Now I feel like we're in a better place now. We can have, we can move on and grow from there. Despite Garrett's explanation, the perception surrounding his decision to stay remains. He was prioritizing money over winning an NFL network. Kyle Branch said Garrett should have been more straightforward about role money played instead with the Browns. It was about money and the money said we want to win and we want to do it now.


EI ain't got no problem with that. I I have no problem Ocho Yeah. With him getting that kinda money. Yeah, but he know how you gonna win now you ain't got no quarterback. Hold on. You in the same position. The only difference that Miles Gar is in now is that he got $123 million guarantee. Right? A hundred million over the first three years. That is the only thing that has changed. Nothing has changed towards him winning. Yeah. Who they gonna win with, don't you? I have a question. Yes. You know, you understand, You know why you wanted to leave, you understand why you wanted to leave. You understood also when you asked to talk to management, they told you we not talking.


Yeah. We don't wanna talk to you and we not training you Talk. No, he, no, the owner didn't want to have the conversation. He said talk to Andrew Barry, who's the general manager who's running it. He wasn't finna have no conversation either. 'cause You know what we finna do? We know how to get you to want to be here. We gonna pay you Peter. Yes. We gonna pay, we gonna pay you. He had no more guaranteed money. All the guaranteed money that he had signed, that big contract that made it the highest paid defender at one point in time was gone. Now instead of pretending like I'm looking greedy and saying, asking for a contract, You know what? I wanna win. And you right. I ain't got no ocho. I I I look and I don't want anybody to take this the wrong way. I really don't have a problem with that. Right. But everybody that's looking at this objectively and realistically knows that Miles Garrett is in no better situation today.


The only better situation is financially. Yeah. He's in no better situation. They're not even closer to way, but Also, And you gotta think about it, him wanting to trade and saying, I don't wanna be here. They wasn't letting him go anywhere. They wasn't letting him go. So, I mean, you, you stuck between the rock and the hard place. 'cause they that we not trading you Ojo. He knew Listen, even when they want to trade, when players want to get traded, sometimes they'll come to him and offer money. Hey, and guess what? Carson Palmer, Caron Palmer really wanted to be outta there since he couldn't offer him enough money, couldn't they? Ocho Now he refused to come. He remember he sat at Home, he refused to come. That's when you wanna get up outta there, Right? Yeah. Miles, it was always about money.


Miles wanted more guaranteed money. Miles wanted to be the highest paid defender. I got no problem whatsoever. But I want people to objectively say, you tell me that Miles Garrett is in a better situation and is in a situation that's more conducive to winning today. Right. Than he was a month ago. Right. No, I mean, we all understand that. We, we all understand that. That's all. But That's no problem with it. Get your money, but also get your money. Also management management doesn't wanna lose that centerpiece of that defense management doesn't wanna lose the identity to that defense. You know, that defense, we, it was good. It was good. I'm not sure what the numbers were last night, but if you, if you look at them across the board, they are good.


Denzel Ward Miles, Garrett a along with the rest of the support pass, They can be able Do they want Yeah. If your offense ain't no good, you ain't going nowhere. Yeah. What are they gonna do with the quarterback position? We will find out. We'll find, Hey listen, we'll find out. Listen. We'll find out in April. We gonna find out. We gonna find out in April. And you bring somebody in young, you get a veteran presence in there to probably start this year to at least give you a chance. Maybe Kirk Cousins, I'm not sure what's gonna happen. You know, so I'm, I'm, listen, I'm just excited for every goddamn body people getting they money. I, I just, I ain't got no problem with that money. Yeah. I, I Don't, I don't. And But, but my thing is now, unless you get one of these rookies and he's like, Jayden Daniels, you really not going now.


Look, it was reported that Russell Wilson was scheduled a visit. I I saw it last week, so I don't know. That visit Thursday. Thursday, right? He was going through ninth first. Oh, it was last week I Think. I think so. Chad, y'all could correct Ocho and I if we're wrong, but I think I read it last week that he was supposed to have a visit to Cleveland and the Giants. And I don't know which day each visit was scheduled, but that's what I that's what, that's what I read right now situation. It's also being reported. I don't know if there's any truth to this, that in the process of getting his money, he wanted him to work something out with a Nick Chubb. Right. I don't know. I I I, You know, you read, I read I don't know what's true. All I'm just saying what I read. I don't, I don't, and I, and I hate that I brought that up because Right.


That was in the paper and we don't really know if that's true and if it is, that was a very noble and honorable thing to do. Yes. One of the guys that's been there a as long as you ha I think he came, I think he came a year bef, I mean, no, he came a year after. 'cause I think he came with Baker. I think Chu was the second round pick with Baker Mayfield. I'm, I'm almost, I'm almost sure of that. But he's been one of the leaders in the locker room. He's been one of the leaders in the locker room. And, and, and Miles felt that he would, he wanted it. If they're gonna win, I won't, I won't, I want Chubb to be a part of it. Yeah. I, I listen, IIII like it.


I like it. Chubb coming off of his second year after ACL tear. I'm sure you're gonna have a better seat in this year. If we can get Chubb back to the Chubb we're used to seeing regards to who's at the quarterback position. I think that makes things a little easier for them in that area, simply because it's, to me, it's almost a comparison. I'm not saying he Derrick Henry, but he ain't too goddamn far off. If you watch, if you, you watch Nick chug play, play over the years. He ain't, he ain't that far off on, You know what Ocho I just don't know. I mean, that was a serious injury that he's coming back from. Yeah, man. And He had, he had a injury The second time. An injury The second time injury Yeah. In college. Yeah. So the, the determination, I just hope he can get some resemblance of being the, the back that he once was.


Yes, yes. Most times we don't see power backs. We don't see power backs. It's been very few power backs have the longevity. Yeah. Adrian Peterson, Derrick Henry, we're talking about not contact. Collision backs run to collision. Right. They'll run you over. They're, I mean, they're not really trying to run nobody. They're trying to, they're trying to punish you and make you turn it down because that tackle that you make in the first and second quarter, you're gonna be a little bit more apprehensive in the third and the fourth quarter. Third quarter. Yeah. And if you notice as the game progresses, those guys get stronger. Yeah. Yeah. Bro, you ain't gotta run on me, but one time with a bus, I would dodge that bus the next time.


I see that mofo coming. Hey, listen, Every time, every time. I, I've never seen, I've never seen a running back. There have been many of them. I've never seen a running back run as violently, as violently as all day. Adrian Peterson, Pete. Yeah. I ain't never seen Adrian Peterson. Maryanne Barber didn't have the same type of success or acceleration or, or I'm, I'm trying to. He didn't Have the longevity. The the longevity. Yeah. But something about Adrian Peterson, he played, what did they do wrong to you for you to run the ball like that Angry,


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin Udo Monte Cristo kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing power for stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and, and empower. Softball is growing fast and I'm gonna help you keep up with the speed of the game and the athletes that play it so well. You may even be able to throw out the fastest slapper if you are an old or new fan, looking to learn more about your favorite players or coaches and hear about their journeys and processes to success. This podcast is an exciting and invaluable resource for anyone interested in the complexities of excellence on the softball diamond. Softball is a game of failure and pressure situations, but lucky for all the fabulous softball players and fans. Pressure makes diamonds and it's time to drop some bombs and diamonds. On and off the softball diamond dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an athlete's limited softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and six time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it. It on or off the course we're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Beast Mode. Ran like that. Oh my people played Police Bowl, had a long career. Beast Bowl had a long career. Yeah, he had a Yeah, but if you go back and look at the guy that I, that comes to the top of my head, I don't know how many people in the chat. I have to remember who was Earl Campbell? Earl was like that, but Earl only lasted like seven, eight years. And I don't know if y'all have seen Earl Earl been in the wheelchair for the last 20, 25 years. For real It bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So now Earl Earl Earl has done great off the field. He got a, he got a meat packing, hot links and stuff like that. Sausage in state, stuff like that. So he's done really well. But Earl ran the contact. He was a collision back, not a contact because contact and collision are two different things.


Right. And normally those guys that run to have collisions, they don't have a longevity. Adrian Peterson played what, 12, 13 years. Woo. You see, you see D Henry played the number of years he's playing. Yeah. The guy, I mean he went for 2000. He was on a pace to have another 2000 yard. He got hurt, hurt rushing for about 1100 with eight, nine with eight games to go. Oh Yeah. He would definitely go. So he was on pace to get another, he was gonna get, had a knee injury, bounce his back from that. Go get 1500, come to the Ravens, go to get 1900. That's Crazy. I've, I've never seen anything like Derrick Henry. I can honestly say I've never seen anything like Derrick Henry. A guy runs like that, that goes over 2000 that has goes over 2000 and then comes with an 80 yards from go having 2000 again.


Right. That's crazy. It, it absolutely is crazy. But hopefully Chubb can get some of what he lost ocho from that injury because You know, every time Ocho hope so injuries, I'm hoping so they, they take a little bit outta you every time. It does Take a little bit outta you every time. Yeah, yeah it does. But listen, I'm even, even, even as a Bengal fan, I would love, I would love the, the, the, the Browns at full strength and whatever decisions they do make, whether it be in off season acquisitions, whether it be through the draft, I would love them at full strength when they do play my Bengals. So there are no excuses about, oh, we didn't have a quarterback or our, our running back was hurt. Or my, I wanna make sure Miles Garrett is there when we put up 50 points, I want 'em at full strength.


And I'm sure we have people in the chat that are Browns fans. I love you. I love you dearly. I love you dearly. But come this season, we know who's running the A FC North Raven. I know we have Ravens fans. Yeah, Ravens. Who? Ravens. I know we have Ravens fans in the chat. And You know how I feel about you and I tell you this, I'm gonna tell you this Raven 2001. I love every last one of you. Huh? Every last one. Oh Joe. Y'all ain't one but a handful of games. Damn. Let me, let me finish, let me finish my speech. We know this year 2025, the A FC North is coming through the 5 1 3.


Now I I am I if you need me to come sit with y'all at m and t Bank, what's it called? M and t Bank? Yeah. Yeah. I I What what, what, what, what's the area code of Raven? 4 4 3. I, I Don't know Chad, anybody from BMO in the chat? What is it? 4, 4 3. I Know we got Ravens fans. I know we got, we got Raven fans in this chat. Definitely, definitely. I I love every last one. But y'all don't run. Man. Look, first of all, we already know Cincinnati don't run nothing but they rock mile. Hold on. Y'all run nothing. Ain't nothing coming through no Cincinnati. Stop That. Hey, well one thing, one thing that you, you can learn about my organization that you, that you can see that we prove we made, we've done something historical that we've never done before. That was outta character 14.


That right. 14. 14. What's that? Baltimore. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Oh, it is 4, 4 3. I remember. Yeah. I used to have a, I ain't never had no rab whips. I think I had a landline. I did have a landline. Landline. Well God, that was 20 years, man. First of all, Ocho, you make me see, I had a landline yesterday cut out 20 years ago when I was in Baltimore. But the way you, the way you said it like it was yesterday. So you don't have a, you don't have a landline in your house right now? No. Why not? Who gonna call me on the landline? People call you on your cell phone. Oh, I, Yeah, I was just asking, I was just asking when the last time you seen the payphone.


Lemme Tell you what, I y'all been with it right here. Hey, I can't see it. That's a Noia BO That's a Nokia Ain't no that. Noia, that's B and OA. Who? Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Tall, big booty. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know.


Yeah, I saw, I saw she got like two kids now, man. Yeah, she still look good. Yeah. Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on. This let lemme call you back. This my brother call. Lemme call you back. Hey right there. Hey, that's, Hey, hey. That just had conversation be going to, huh? Yeah. Oh, Joe, look what I look at it. Look it right here. Look at it right here. Do that again little Joe. That's us. That Again joke. That's us. Yeah, that y'all. And guess what the in on I win.


What, what number is that? What number is that? That Bengal jersey? I, I don't know what we call it. Rerun. You remember how Rerun was chasing that truck over what's happening? Right. That's, that's him. That, that's my rookie ain't it? I don't think he was there yet. O Joe. Okay. October 7th, 2001. That is you, that's your rookie. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I was there. I'm, I'm trying. I wonder what Darn and P Dub did that game. Nothing, nothing. Not a damn thing. I don't know about that. Nothing. I don't know about that. Nope. I know. I don't know about That. Nothing. Who, who won? Didn't do nothing.


Who Won the game? I lost one game in 14 years to the Bengals. Did did I score? I don't think so. Y'all beat y'all beat when we came, when we came to y'all. Y'all beat us. I think y'all beat us by like three points. Yeah, that was me. That was me. That was me. Hey, nah, that wasn't you. That wasn't you. Nah, but no, I look, I don't want people to think I got a problem. I don't got no problem with with, with Miles Garrett. I just think the thing was that was his play all along. Yeah, he played it perfectly. Yeah, he played it, he played it perfectly. Right? He did.


And look at it right here, Ocho. What's that? I know that's not a camcorder. Hey, you better, you better know it. Hey, You know, as soon as I seen the bag, I knew what it was. Huh? Hey, I know you got you, you that you went to free meet. Hey, hey. Be like Spike Lee, do the right thing. So you was there, you you was there Was I, I wanna, I wanna see the footage. No, you can't see this ojo.


No. All things will stop. Everything. Hey, I, Hey boy. I could, I could imagine, bro, This going, this going right back to the vault. I could imagine you still, you still got a VCR? Nah. I bet you ain't got no CD player. Nah, but I got a bunch of cell phones upstairs. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. A bunch of them. I'm talking about I gotta keep all my cell phones. I bet you ain't No bet. You ain't got no sidekick. No, I wasn't in the sidekicks. O Joe, I ain't gonna lie to you. You had a beeper, a pager. No, I bet you ain't got the motor. The Motorola block phone I do got. It's in Glenville.


I got the big one. The little, The big one. Okay, Okay. Okay. I got the Star Tech. I got a bunch of phones upstairs. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hold On just a second. Keep on talking. Lemme go in right quick. Hold on. All right, Chad, listen Chad, while he goes upstairs and then and rummages through all, all the stuff from the eighties, and I wanna talk about my Bengals. I wanna talk about my Bengals and I want to tell y'all what's gonna happen this year. Now I've always been right when, when it comes to predicting stuff, and I'm rarely wrong, I'm rarely wrong. Now I think about last year I was wrong twice in the 1718 game season, including the playoffs, I guess the playoffs all the way. Right? I said the Eagles are probably gonna win the Super Bowl again. They were gonna play the Chiefs boom.


I was right. So this year the A FC North is going to go through Cincinnati. It's gonna go through Cincinnati. So what's gonna happen, the way it's gonna play out is we're probably going to score 40 to 50 points a game, four to 50 points a game. And our defense is gonna be adequate and just good enough to stop teams. Maybe allow maybe 17 to 20 points a game. That's how it's gonna go. I'm not telling you what I heard, I'm telling you what I know because it's the way the game goes. And just the way, the way things are flowing in general, for us as an organization to do something that's never been done before. That's outta character for us as, as, as a team and organization.


It's, it's gonna reward ourself. The football gods are gonna reward us simply because we did something that we've never done before. And we made history. Okay? I think, I think now I don't have the numbers in front of me. It's possible that we can sign Trey Hendrickson. I think it's possible. And so we're gonna do that. Now, that's one staple. You know, that's one staple that we can have that's part of the ecosystem defensively. We can get that back. You know, I, I'm, I'm not sure secondary, we got some good dudes out there on, on, on the corner. Safety. I'm not sure what's going on with, with Vaughn and, and, and some of the safeties or whatnot. But outside of that, if you are a gambler, man, if there are any gambling women in the chat, I'm telling you now, put your money, put your money on the Bengals.


All right. We gonna be in San Francisco and I'm, I'm gonna meet y'all there sometime in February. And that's it outside of that. I hope y'all had a good Monday. I had a great Monday. You see my jacket? This is leopard or cheetah. I'm not sure it all looked the same. Hello? I love y'all. I don't know what else to say right now. Oh. Oh, so that's the only one I can find. You remember this one? That's A razor. That's a razor A star. Star tech. Star Tech. Right. See I knew it was either Raise or Star Tech one or the other. Y'all got this Antenna come up, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember them. I remember them. I remember that.


I remember that. Yeah. We, we beeper at I ain't have no beeper. Oh yeah. I I, I got, actually I still got, but I, I gotta get, I, I'm with, I have a mojo because I know Shelly put 'em somewhere, but I got about, I think Ocho Ocho thing went up. Shelly put 'em somewhere, but I got like 17. I got the original iPod. You remember the, the iPod that hold 10,000 songs. Oh, The big the big thick one? Yes, I got that. I got, I, listen, I got all my HBCU band music on that old iPod. I told her it was thick too, boy.


Yeah, I got it. Hey, I keep everything old MacBook. Hey, what you be doing with all that man? I don't let nothing go. Hey, you see the big computer behind on Joe? I got there talk too. Hey, listen, you can have a yard sale and make a grip, Boy. Oh no. Did I sell it? No. So you just want, I don't want nobody to get no information off here. Oh no. Uhuh, Uhuh. Oh no. I ain't get rid of nothing. What you, what what you, what you got on there?


You acting like oh oh seven There? You know, I don't know. I I don't know what's on there. Okay. Okay. But I tell you what, ain't nobody else gonna find out what's on there either. Okay. I got you. I got you. You don, you don't, you don't wanna slip up, huh? No, I want, Hey, I want everything. I told yo Cho. Yeah, I don't need a crane in my casket to carry my casket. Six. Can't do it. Too many skeletons, too many secrets. Ocho too many secrets. I got you. I got you. I got you. Oh, DJ ho mazada ocho. Yeah. You had three catches for 28 yards.


Wait, 2000. I only had, I only had three. I only had three for 28. Yep. Damn. I'm sorry as hell. I had more than you. I had three for 32. Hold on. I thought I caught a touchdown of that game. Nah, you Ain't catching none. Hey, you got, oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you got tackled on that play? That might have been, that was, that was my, that was my, that was my first year in Baltimore. I caught a touchdown. Look at 2000 Ash. I thought I caught a touchdown on them. Travis Taylor had four for 66. I had three for 32. Cadre had three for 31. Brandon Stoke had one for 23. Todd, he had one for 18. Todd Mo Williams had two for five.


Yeah. Average 10 yards of catch. Yeah. Nine, 9.3. That's me. Y had 153 yards. What A offense. Yeah, passer. Oh that was, that's bad. Yep. TJ led y'all with 63. You was next with 28. That's me, that's me, that's me. I was just, I would get, he Done, this guy had one for 20, Danny Farmer had two for 16. Corey had two for 12. Peter work had one for seven. Ron Dugin had one for four and Lorenzo O'Neal had one for three. Hey Zoe. Oh, ZI Saw, as a matter of fact, I just saw him at the deal, super Bowl.


O Joe, Zoe? Yeah. That's my guy, man. Lorenzo a funny boy. Oh yeah. P yeah, in 2000 I scored had five for 40 in the tub. That wasn't me. I long, we won the game though. Y'all ain't win. No, y'all actually hold on. Pull up a ash. Pull up Cincinnati's totals. I guarantee in 2000 I, he won that game. Pull up that total. I don't think y'all, y'all might have not have scored. Don't do that. I, I definitely Scored. Boy. We not boy they knocked. Go back and step, look at that film and watch Rob Burnett. If y'all see the highlights, go back and look at that head in 2000.


Rob Burnett put on Smith. He got it. He didn't play. He might not played no more that year. When he cut. He must have caught him from the blind side. Huh? Boy, a caught him a, he was looking just like this. No, he was like this and robbed Burnett. He put his helmet right up front. His chin, ah, boy was going as in that game a whole lot to a few. I know. Nah, That was it, huh? 37 zip. Wait what? Zip zero. The first two games of the season. Whole choke the Steelers. Blanked them. Cincinnati blanked them.


No, we beating the second game of the season. We ended up beating Jacksonville. We came back and beat Jacksonville. That was the game. Jimmy Smith had 15 for 2 91. Oh, crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ooh, Jimmy. Crazy little. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939. With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed Fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use Code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco Consumers.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing A new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


I.