
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover dot com's slash credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report,


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers,


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


O Joe Bryan Windhorst says LA is under immense pressure to get Luca resigned. He never said I wanna be a Laker. There are dozens of players over the years who have made it crystal clear they want to be Lakers. Right. Luca never said that this hit him outta nowhere. OCHO, can you see the Lakers not resigning Luca in LA? Well, absolutely not. Listen, they need a superstar. They need LeBron only has what, maybe one, maybe two years left. Correct? There has to be a superstar to put to put butts in those seats. Correct. And who is that? That is Luca dong. That is exactly what he gonna do. At some point, once he gets gets in shape, once he gets in rhythm, once he gets his legs and feet, but up underneath him, we're gonna get to see the same luga that we saw in Dallas averaging 29, averaging 30, doing what he doing, what he normally does every night.


And he is the future for the LA Lakers and absolutely at, at some point they're gonna start building around him as the star. Well They they're gonna have to pay him. But when do they pay him? When, when does that happen? Well, I was reading the other day, ocho, they said that Luca could sign a two year deal. So what is this year eight for Luca? Asher This year. Eight Fall Luca, he signed a two year deal that gets him to year 10. Now he be in line and he makes the AL NBA team first team. One of those two years in, in, in the contract. Now he's eligible for a SuperNet max and now he can get that $400 million contract. Is that, how is that how it goes, Ash? Well, lemme see here is year seven.


So he, okay, so sign a two year extension ocho. This is year seven. Next year sign a two year extension. So three years he can sign. That'll be 10 years. Get him to 10. And now he's eligible for a supermax. This is very, this is very important because here's the thing, ocho remember now you traded the guy that you really thought was gonna be the succession plan to LeBron ad, right? You bring in a guy that's five years younger and say, now instead of having maybe four or five years with ad we could possibly have 10 to 12 years with Luca. Now with Luca, now you've already traded ad you lose Luca.


Now what? Wait, I don't, I don't think you're gonna lose him. You know, you not, you're not gonna lose him. Obviously. He knows he going be be the centerpiece and be the focus for the future. There's a of other teams he can go and be the centerpiece he can. There are a lot of other teams he can go and be the centerpiece. You know, he not leaving La unc. Come on now. You know better than that. Yeah. Listen, the his, They didn't think Shaq was, they didn't, Shaq was gonna leave Orlando. They didn't think LeBron was gonna leave Cleveland. Did you think LeBron was gonna leave Miami? Did you think LeBron was gonna leave Cleveland a second time? Well, No you didn't. He Promised. Hey, listen, he he, he promised him something. He promised him something. He gave him what he wanted and then he went on by the Did you think LeBron James gonna leave in Cleveland?


Remember he's born, he was born in hour north of Cleveland in Akron. He left. Yeah. Nobody saw it coming. Nobody. Right. I'm, I'm trying to think. You, you don't just, you don't, you don't just up and leave a franchise like you that yes you do. Especially not, not a, not not an organization like the Los Angeles Lakers. Not when you are, you are the main focal piece of everything. You are going to, excuse me, you are going to be the face of the Lakers. You understand that? He understand that they traded for you for a reason. Ocho he he wasn't wilt, he wasn't Kareem, he wasn't Shaq, he wasn't Bob McAdoo, he wasn't LeBron.


He didn't request to go there. He didn't make it. That's why, that's my destination of choice. Hold on, come on. Now let's, let's, let's go ahead. Let's be sensible, right? You already, you, you've already, you are in Dallas, okay? You were in a great place. They shocked you with a trade. Yes. You go to, you bet you go to a historic franchise, a winning franchise like the, the La Lakers with the Kobe Bryants that played with the cream Abdul-Jabbar that played where they're going to worship you. Where there the, you need, there has to be a star. Yeah, you are, you are that star where could, and you think the time comes, he'd rather go somewhere else. Where else is there to go? Where else would lu where to go? So lemme ask you a question.


If Luca went somewhere else, he wouldn't be the star, he wouldn't be the center of attention. Yeah, he would Still be the star. But what better place is it than la? Ain't nothing better than that. No disrespect to other places Though for you, that's not for him. Does Lucas strike you as a guy that's in awe of that kind of stuff? Remember the, the European players are different. You look at Nicole Yoic, he's like, when can I go home? We got the parade. Oh man, I can't go back and get to my horses. They don't see, see you are looking at it through the lens of an American playing for the Lakers. That ain't, that ain't that it. So You don't, you don't, you don't, you don't, you don't think Luca values the franchise and what, and what it brings, what it brings to him the brand of playing for Elliot Lakers, the brand of playing for the New York, the new, the New York Yankees or the brand for playing for the LA Dodgers.


You don't think he Understands that? And, and Miguel Soto left the Yankees and went to, and you then went to the Mets. I that's right around the Corner. That ain't them new Yankees. He not the Yankees. So I look, I'm not saying that he is, but I'm not saying I I, it's not a foregone conclusion that he will resign. That's all I'm saying. And I agree that it's not a foregone conclusion that he's going to sign. But I think it's very incumbent upon the Lakers that they, they're hoping and praying and I'm sure they've promised him the heavens and the earth because if they lose him, it's over. Because remember, they ain't got no draft picks. They just traded the 31 and I think they got what, a 27 and a, they just traded what they traded the 31st or the 29th.


But I don't think they got one one. You know, top lottery pick, unprotected pick. So They, they ain't Listen, I listen, I'm, you done been around the game a very long time. Very long time. And you know Juan Soto, not Juan Soto. Juan Soto. Even, even, even though, even though, even if he European players don't have that same feel for playing for historic franchises like the Lakers, you know, he ain't Going nowhere. Okay. We'll see the Spurs Yeah. Have announced they're shutting down. Victor, AMI, Victor Wema, excuse me, down for the remain remainder of the season with a deep vein thrombosis. The San Antonio Express news reported that the Spurs are optimistic that Wim will be ready for next season.


And that there're not as as serious as the issue with Chris Bosch dealt with. If this is an isolated incident, the Spurs believed that it would be closer to what Brandon Ingram dealt with six years ago. Remember OCHO in 2019, Ingram was diagnosed with a deep venous thrombosis in his right arm that ended his 20 18 19 season. But he went on to win 2019. 2020 most improved player. Right? He has not dealt with clotting issues since also Ocho since he's being shut down, he's gonna be ineligible for winning defensive player of the year because he won't meet the mandatory minimum of at least 65 games.


Right. What you thinking? I I have a, i I have a question though. Yes. How are they able to diagnose how much the severity of the, of the issue is and their, they're saying it's not comparable to what their hope had. They Said their hope, their hope is more in line to what Brandon Ingram dealt with and not with Chris Bosch. Remember Chris Bosch tried to play again, right? And it reoccurred because normally when you have blood clots, ocho you have to take blood thinners. That's something that you stay on for the remainder of your life. So there's a problem because of cut, because the, the clots you take blood thinners, you don't get clotting. So what does that mean?


You get a nick, you get a cut, you could bleed out. So there's always that, right? There's always that scare. Also, probably, I think you'll have a, a, a greater chance of a heart attack or something of that nature. My grandmother was on blood thinners 'cause she dealt with clotting and she ended up, she ended up ending up having a, a, a leg amputated. Just be just above the knee. And, but like I said, Ocho, she was on blood thinners for the rest of her life. And that's normally, if I'm not mistaken, Serena Williams dealt with blood clots also. So it also de depends on the severity where they are. You start getting 'em in your lungs and boy, woo, you got something to deal with. Any, any place over luck, OCHO could be, could be a very dangerous situation.


But they're saying their hope is more in line with what Brandon Ingram dealt with. He missed the remainder of the season. He was able to come back when most improved, hadn't had an issue with it since. Not like Chris Bosch, what eventually led to his early retirement. Now. Now one of the things I do want to ask you, being that obviously I'm not a health expert. I don't, I don't really know the background when it comes to things like this. Is this something that's hereditary? Does it, does, does it just happen? Does regardless of age? Well, clearly he's 20. Oh, Joe, he's 21. Chris, Chris, that was probably what, 30? Yeah, 30. Yeah. So my grandmother was in, was in her, was in her sixties. Yeah. When she dealt with So, So, so what dec ciphers, whether it happens regardless of age is it is, what is it?


Diet Nutri. I mean, when you think about somebody, when Wim Banu you, wiba youma, you think he eats healthy? He he always has. Could I, I saw something earlier on Twitter today. Someone, you know, be slick at the mouth and say, I guarantee you he probably, he probably, you know, he got the vaccine. I'm not saying I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I'm not sure if that has any type of effect, you know, on Whether you get blood clots or not. I've, I've, I've, listen you've heard stories that it does. It, it is called, it is caused people to, to have blood clots that didn't happen before, after getting the vaccine. You know, you, you think it's something that's probably in, in the family. DNA other people that probably had clots that were, you know, part of the family and it just, it trickles down to, to everyone else without, Without me knowing anything.


OCHO is really hard to say, you know, it says that blood clots are solid masses that form within the bloodstream when platelets and fibrin a protein stick together, right? Which caused the clot. You need some clotting, right? Because hey, you get cut, you want your blood to clot, you stop from bleeding, right? Sometimes you take blood thinner, it thins your blood. There's nothing there to clot it. Okay? Boom. That's another issue you could have, obviously you get blood clots, you have a heart attack, you have strokes. It leads to a number of other underlining conditions. So ocho without really knowing, I mean, that would be something that you'd have to have a, a health experts to be able to, someone in cardiothoracic medicine or something like that to be able to give you a more of a detailed look.


What, what, what do they think led to it? Is this something that is hereditary ocho? I, I really couldn't tell you. I mean, here what seemingly is a 21-year-old healthy or male? Yes, sir. And boom, like I said, Chris Bosch was probably 30 when he got it. My grandmother was in her late sixties, early seventies when she got it. So I, I don't really know the rhyme or reason. Serena Williams. Got it. Yeah. She was in her twenties. And I think, if I'm not mistaken, Chad, y'all could correct me if I'm wrong. I think Serena might have had it in a, in her lungs or had one in her lung or something. Maybe it was a calf or I, I'm not sure. But people get 'em in a very, a variety of, sometimes they get 'em in their thigh, sometimes they get 'em in the arm, they get 'em in their lungs.


I really don't know. Ocha it is really, it's really, really hard to understand. Some things are hereditary. I'm not necessarily certain that blood clots are something that are hereditary. Right. And that, that, that's tough. That's tough for him. That's tough for the Spurs. That's tough for the fans, obviously in San Antonio. Hopefully, I'm hoping for a speedy recovery for him and he's able to come back strong next year, right. And, and, and continue to dominate in the way he has so far since he's entered the league. A phenomenal talent. Very good. And prayers. Prayers to him and his family as well. Yeah, I think, I think Serena, 'cause I think it happened at Wimbledon. I think she stepped on a, a, a glass, a piece of glass or something.


She was celebrating her victory. I think. I, I couldn't, like I said this, this probably been 20 years ago, so I'm just going off the top of my head. Made it even long. I think it was like 20 something years ago. And she ended up getting a blood clot, if I'm not mistaken, in her lungs. I think, I think that's what happened. Ocho, I, like I said, yes, Asher said yes. That's what happened. I think she stepped on a piece of glass, ended up getting a cut, ending up developing a blood clot in her young lung, which was very, very, very, very serious. Yeah. So hopefully, like you said out your thoughts and prayers go out to a speedy recovery for vi for weby, 21 years old, such a bright, bright future in front of him.


So hopefully this is only a temporary setback for a major comeback. But you really, like I said, they're hoping one thing you didn't know, I can assure you, when Chris Botch developed his, no one thought that this was gonna force his early retirement. An anonymous NBA GM called our Adam Silver. Adam Silver is an obsessed with tournaments play in in season. Not all star. They're, they've not proven to benefit our league Ocho what you think? I mean, the head guy saying that the tournaments trying to create excitement, trying to create viewers globally as well.


And it's not benefiting the league, it's not benefiting the players. How's it not the end season tournament? Isn't the end season tournament allowing the players to make extra money and benefit them by having it being played in season? Well, I guess they, they're trying to drum up support because here's the thing, old Joe, look, you got 11, you got 11 what? 77 billion over the next seven, 11 years. And so we got it because here, the, the, the thing is kinda like soccer. You man, you know, soccer got all the tournament, they got you the Copa and the this one and the that one. Yes. Champions. So yes, yes. So I think that's what, you know, Adam commission is, is trying to get a play off that, The play in tournament.


I mean, people didn't like that. People thought, look, I remember one time when the three point competition was thought as gimmick. I mean the three point shot. They're like, man, it's a gimmick now look, they, they, everything is a gimmick until you get used to it. The forward pass was a gimmick, right? Yeah. Forward pass. Like, what are you, that's a gimmick. No, that ain't gonna be. Now can you imagine a game of football without the Ford Pass? It made no


sense. We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free, overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe. And a subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Yuto Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's Famous Smoke dot com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, what makes zero sense? So look, I I get what I get, what commission's trying to do. He's trying to do anything he possibly can to get eyeballs to the television to watch these games. And so to play in tournament, I mean to play in tournaments are al are always good. You know, teams are like, look, normally one through eight, you made the tournament, you know where you are, but now eight through 10 you gotta play or what? No, seven. No, yeah, no seven, no. What is it? Seven. Play 10 and eight, nine play. And then that winner, those two winners play each other. And that's the, so whoever wins, they're the seven seed.


And then the next two is the, is the, the winner is the eight seed. But I get, I get what commission's trying to do. I get what I really do. Ocho you gotta try something. I mean, you got this kind of money at stake. You gotta try something. I mean, the only thing that you, I I can, I can deal, I can deal with all of 'em. The only thing I don't like the Allstar, I like the Allstar. The format is not, not what it shouldn't be. And the GM that's complaining, the GM that's complaining about what, what Adam Silver is doing, why don't the GMs have ideas as well? Why don't they have ideas to continue to grow the game? Why don't they have ideas that they run by silver to say, listen, I think we can do this. The players will benefit from it.


Us as owners will benefit from it. And those that are watching, they'll enjoy it. Instead of saying, oh, Noma sous complaining about what Silver Edge actually doing Well rest is so David Stern, you're like, look, y'all gonna either play or we going to claw back some of this money. Which one you want? It really that simple. I, you shouldn't have to beg guys to play hard OCHO if you making 1 50, 200, $300 million. I don't really think it's asking too much. I really don't. Now I could be wrong Chad, and y'all might be totally disagree. Oh, the season too long and yada yada yada.


I get all that. The season isn't any longer than what it was the last 50 years. Yeah. How long have they been playing? 82 games? Forever and a day. Yeah. So this notion about all the games, well no it's not. No it's not. These guys should be in better shape because they have, they know better, they got better training, they got better nutrition, they got better supplementation. They got around the clock, physios and trainers and yada yada yada. They got chefs that prepare their food and cook whatever. So there's no excuse to play hard to ask you to play harder. You making 300 million know Joe. Damn man, Listen, I got a coach.


Let me get, I don't only need, I don't even need 300. What? You gimme one, gimme one 50, Gimme one 50. I don't play hard because I, because you know what Ocho I remember working hard when I was making $5. Come on, Talk to me. You never, never lose. I remember working, I remember working hard, making 10, making 16, catching a thousand chickens, making a dollar a thousand, catch 16,000 chicken, make $16. I worked hard for that little bit of money. What the hell you think I do for 10 million, 20,000,030, let alone You think about it. I think of players when they make that kind of money, if they understood and never forgot where you came from before you had that kind of money they do and what you did to get to where you are.


I think sometimes they lose sight of that. Huh? I I I really do. They do. You know, money, money will change you now. It change, sometimes it change you for the better. Sometimes it change you for the worse. I think sometimes money makes you more what you already are. Yeah. What are you if, if ocho at, at, at, at, at your core, what are you when you don't have it? Because now when you get it, it exacerbates what you already are. That's A good one. Everywhere. That's why people, you know, they how even bro, if you got a eating problem and you on a college budget, what happens if I give you 10, 15, $20 million?


Don't you? Hey, what that that, Ooh. Yeah. Money. No money. Oh, he changed what he got. No, it wasn't, he was always that he just needed the money for y'all to sin and his true self. That's all that was change. He's always been this. He or she. I'm, I'm not gonna say he just, just he, he or or She Woman. Woman as well. Women as well. Sometimes he ain't gotta be money. Sometimes could be, it could be attention. You know, you know what happens when you get that you never had it before and you start getting it from everywhere.


You get your big head, You know, you start feeling yourself, You know, you start overvaluing good boy. Sh So yeah, I've been, I, I get, I get what Adam is trying to do. Adam is trying to grow the game, trying to, because You know, you soccer have these in season tournaments and all this stuff. We saw what hockey just had to, what is that called? The Nation something For nation Four Four Nations or something. What they call it was Finland. Sweden, usa, Sweden, Kame and us. See, but one thing, hockey, hockey, they be playing hard.


They, they, They be, Once you touch that ice, you strap up, you strap up. They, they, they, they listen. You know what time it is? I, I think Ocho I think I, I think a lot, I think the difference Adam, Adam and the players, he views the player as players, as partners. They turned me into that partner. I'm partner, I'm partner with the, the owners. We, we partners, right? Y'all employees, just like the NFL, the partners are the broadcast networks in the NFL. The employees players are the players.


And they don't let you, they don't let you forget it as such. And if you do forget, they will remind you. They remind you. They'll Remind You. They remind you. Yeah. Yeah. They, they def they definitely remind you Joe Steve Kerr told ESPN, he wasn't mad at K for rejecting the trade of Golden State. I don't blame Kevin one bit for not wanting re rerun things here. It took so much it for like, oh, you're jumping on the bandwagon. And he, he's finals MVP two years in a row and it still, and he still gets criticized. So why would he want to face all the BS again, Katie respond. No comment. That's not the reason why I didn't want to come back. I just didn't want to get traded midway through the season.


Do you believe Katie? A little bit. A little bit, a little, a little bit of me believes him obviously. I think even though it was midway through the season, I think through the experiment in Phoenix, I I don't think it's worked. I think it's failed. Obviously thinking of the Oh, you don't think, you think, I mean, absolutely. If an absolute failure, Brooklyn was an absolute, That was too. And I, I think, I mean for, for kd I, I would, I don't wanna, I hate calling it ring chasing, but I would've went to the better situation obviously going back over there with Draymond Green and Steph and, and trying to run it back and trying to run it back again. And I think the missing piece for them to get them over the hump and probably give 'em the opportunity in the west would be KD going back. Because what's going to happen right now in Phoenix for sure.


Where you going in Phoenix you think? Nothing. Nothing at all. Nothing. Nothing at all. But I think you wanna stay there and if you know KD know personally and you watching him from, from afar and you know his story. He loves the game of basketball. He loves the game of basketball. Yeah. If, if he's gonna be behind the eight ball, he gonna do, he gonna scratch car, do everything he can to have success down there in Arizona and, and leave out the right way. I think the thing what, why KD was so successful, he didn't have to worry about anything for ball. You see in Brooklyn, he had to be a leader, you see? Oh see? And, and, and and, and Phoenix, he has to be a leader. Steph took care of that. Draymond took care of that, care of that. So now he just gets to do what he wanted, really wants to do.


Which is who I don't gotta be have no pep talk. I ain't gotta say pick this dish up. I ain't gotta do none of that. I come in, I do what I do, I go home and Chill. That's what he wants to do. Got no problem with that. A part of me, part of me does believe that he didn't want get traded during the season. Say he want, you know, ride this lot with his boys. Ride out. What I mean what I mean what you do you think of Going, they they started it off. They, they thought it was gonna work. They thought the trio would bill, Devin Booker and him would, would, would work some magic out there in the west. It it, it, it hasn't worked itself out. But I just think the fact that he's bounced around from Brooklyn, you know, went to Golden State, he didn't want to continue that same trend and be like, here we go again.


You know, at some point, hey look what's Gonna happen? They gonna Probably some point when you in relationship So you get tired of moving on man. You get tired of moving on and, and sometimes you be like, you know what, I'm gonna just stick this one out. I know it ain't working, but I'm gonna stick it out and do everything I can until it's time to leave. And I can tell you when he's leaving in the goddamn summer. Okay? So, so what you do, all you did is lay inevitable. You was miserable for another, another three, four months because they not going nowhere. They're not doing anything. They don't have any defense. They're just like, they're just, they're just like the Lakers. They got no defense. They got all those scores. I mean you got two guys that really is, is the same guy. Book is more athletic now.


I think he's a better player. I don't think he is. I know he's a better player than Bradley Bill. But that saying you got all that scoring where your defense at now they get high, you got on a give a night. Either any, any of those guys can go 10 30 or 40. Now they've relegated Bradley bill to the bench 'cause they was hoping he would wave his no trade clause and then they can trade him and get Jimmy Butler. But he is like, nah, I put that in there for a reason And I put that in there for a reason. I don't wanna go anywhere. I ain't, I amm not going anywhere. So Whether you want me or not, you know what I'm saying? Don't try. Hey, sometimes it's keeping Keyboard. Hey that's, that's, that's crazy how, that's crazy how players you see the leverage NBA players have when it comes to stuff like that. He has a no tra he don't have no leverage, don't you?


He got a new trade clause. He and LeBron James is one of the two players that have no trade. So if he didn't have that, I know That's why I said leverage. That's, that's, that's all I meant. But you mean you you mean to tee up me you don't want me because I'm not as playing as well as you thought I should. I'm trying to do everything I can. Obviously injuries are hampered me performing. Performing to what we're used to seeing me play. Like, and I just got here and you trying to get me to uproot my family man child. Please put this no trade clauses in there. Yeah. Is in there for reason. There's there's a reason why because there's there's a chant. They got the man coming out the bench. They got him coming out the bench, aren't you? Yeah.


That'll be like you. They like, man, we wanna move you like, nah, I ain't going. Okay ocho you the slot, you, you the third receiver now third who you, the third Somebody you wanna be talking about. Madden Third receiver. You got a no train. You don't, they wanna train you. You don't want to go. Okay, you the third receiver. I guess you go in there, I guess you go in there and catch your, get your little three, four targets on Sunday and come on home. Hey, Hey. That's a lot of cardio. Boy. That's a lot of cardio.


Damn. I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I never looked at it like that. But when you're making that kind of money, oh you want me to play what? Wait a let, lemme look at this. How much I making and that's all you want me to do. Okay. Bet. I mean the competitor gonna be asking. Yeah, I mean that's Yeah But I'm not gonna do anything to jeopardize right that money. Right? Oh yeah. Most, I mean Bradley Bill probably making 45, $50 million A year. My goodness. So, okay, this all you, Hey this all y'all want me to do is get y'all 28 minutes a night, 30 minutes a night.


And ain really no strain on me 'cause I'm coming off the bench. I mean look, he's going against me coming off the bench a lot of times you coming in there, there, you know, that's the second you going against the second unit. So I guess they say you can get your points that way because you know the ball's gonna go to KD book first. Those are your first two options. Bradley Beal has never been a third option. He's always been, he was, he was one two when he had John Wall, when John Wall left, he was there. You know, I guess he had, I think he had Russ, no, he had Russ for a year or two, but he was the first scoring option. Didn't even though Russ had the ball in his hand. So he's never been like this, he's never been in a situation where he's not used to being able to, to get as many shots as he want.


He's a third option no matter how you look at it. Oh, that's what he, one of the best third option. At the end of the day, you still a third option. You know what, even as a starter, and I'm thinking about if I was a starter as, as, as, as a number one, let's say I was the number one in Cincinnati, same scenario. I go to New England and I'm the third or I'm the fourth guy because the opposite in front of me are better at that time in that specific system that does something to your psyche, you know that right? It does something to your side. I would take your word for it. I mean I wasn't, you know, I wouldn't know like that. I wasn't no third option, no show. But I take your word for it. I Believe you go, you know, some, some situ What you want me to do.


How do you want me, me to, I can't empathize for a situation. I haven't been, I have empathy for you. So you know what I'm gonna do on your you don't empathy everyth Empathy requires you to divorce your ego. Right? Separate your ego and see yourself in a similar situation. Go. So, you know what, don't You go, I'm a third of man, that's some pretend You bill right now. Now I go from somewhere where I'm able to play freely. Now I'm coming off a bench where I can't take, I can't take a high volume of shots. So now I'm messed up up here. Not only am I messed up beer, when I do get on a court, sometimes I might hesitate because I'm not in rhythm. That means my shot of fist machine and shot selection has to be that much better.


It does it something to you true. Well look, I, I'm gonna tell you what like, because I, I think when I got back to, I got back to Denver, rod was clearly the number one easy Ed was coming off a severe leg injury. So, you know, it was basically me and Ed fighting for two, three. Oh, So you mean there are some games like that? So you, So you have been in that position where you were a three? No, I was always, I finished. No, I never finished when I was on the team. I never finished. No. Once I became what I became, I never finished worse than second and catching On the team. I understand that. But when, ed, I'm just saying, I'm just say I say it out. I hear you talking from a statistical standpoint, but I'm just saying you were the, you were the three no matter what.


How you I was not the three, I was two. Rod Smith and McCaffrey were the ones were the one and two And Rod was one. I was two Ed, I was two A, Two B. They all know what you talking about. Hey, it, it sounds good. It sounds good. Hey, hey, hey. They thought y'all better. You better check. You better check it. Check it. Hop. Hey you tell me the time you seen a third receiver get two 14 in the game. What happened when somebody hurt? Hey I be what? Third receiver, you know, just saying Ocho, let's get right into it. The athletic dropped an article today about the Mav.


The Mavs wanted Luca to use the injury time off to improve conditioning. According to the article in November, Luca missed five games with what the Mavericks announced was a right, a right wrist sprain. That injury was classification was not entirely true being reported in reality. Luca was supposed to use the time off to improve his conditioning. Team sources said it was the one of the straws that broke the proverbial camel's back. Wait Because he decided not to use the time off for conditioning. That was the straw that broke the camel's back. That's what re reported. This will be Luca's first season playing fewer than 60 games.


Now here's the kicker where everybody's like, well, hold on, wait a minute. On the other side, ad is six years older and has failed to compete in 60 games. Four of the last 60. Right? So something ain't making no sense, huh? Something is, something is not making any sense because you're trading for somebody and you trade you better player that's played over 60 games for most of his career outside of one and you and you're bringing somebody that hasn't played in over 60 games four out of five of the last season. So something ain't make sense. That's why, that's why I think, and I still think today, whatever the true reason is that they traded Luca, it hasn't been said yet.


I believe two things can be true. I believe they had grown frustration with trying to tell Luca about his conditioning. I also believe they didn't wanna pay him 450 do $50 million. Hey, hey. Even though I just started watching basketball, when you name, when you name the top three players yes, in the NBA right now, is Luca one of one of the three When he's at his best club? Yes. I don't need to hear no more. Hey, hey. But lemme ask you question Ajour. Let's, let's just say for the sake of argument, let me ask you a question. Let's just say for the sake of argument, coach Belichick, yes sir.


He resigns Tom Brady's in year, year five. He's already won three Super Bowls, but he resides Andy Reed. After last. You say, you know what? I'm good. You don't think people was going like, well hold on. Why you still got a guy that's in his pride, right? What, what's really going on? And I think the thing for me, my, my attention, my I I, I got like, hold on. You mean Rick tell me Rick Carlisle has a guy that's 23 years of age and he don't want a contract extension. He'd rather go coach Indiana. And it don't make no sense that no joke for Rick Carlisle because even if you do go to Indiana, even if you do go to Indiana, you still don't have a player like what you got over here in Dallas.


Especially that now as a coach. So as a coach, You know you, whether it be football for Andy Reid, he had Don Donvan, MCNA. He's never had, we never had a patch of Mahome though yes, players like this come around every so often, especially one is special as Luca, you don't leave and go somewhere else because of problems with conditioning. Things that can actually be fixed. Especially when the product itself, when it touches the cord, it gives you that kind of goddamn production. But they don't. But see you said it can be fixed. They were wanting him to fix it and he wasn't fixing it and Ask question. That's the thing.


Ocho, what happens Where if the team, if the team says, Ocho, we want you to be here on camp, we want you a at some point in time, do they gonna get tired of telling you? Now if we, let's just fast forward right quick to Aaron Rogers. What did Aaron Rogers say this year? He said at the beginning of season, if we don't get get this thing right, we're all gonna be outta here. Joe Douglas is gone. Robert solid is gone. They thing, your hacking is gone. I Ask Aaron Rogers is gone. They're looking at it like, hold on. If we don't get this thing right with Luca, can I ask you a question? We all gonna be up outta here When it comes to the game or basketball. You know, basketball, when the k when it comes to the any sport, it's all about what your superstar, what your superstar.


They have to do what? Consistently out outside of updating your resume. You have to perform. You have to perform at any point. Yes. In Luca's career, have this number decreased? No. What we arguing, what we, what we what, what, what, what do we talk about? Look, confession too fat, bon too slow. The numbers have remained the same. But see, here's the thing. Been consistent. I get that. But everybody see, everybody keeps saying do this, do this. That's easy to say when it's not your 450 million. See, it's easy to say, I would do this. It's not your money.


People leave a restaurant and don't go back when they don't get good service on a $60 tab. What you gonna do when you got 400 million? That money is fully guaranteed because a lot of times if you get a bad meal ocho, they'll say, you know what? Yeah, Mr. Mr. Johnson, we're gonna take this off. This one's on us. When you sign a $400 million contract player, they give you as Back the, the the one thing players are players are played based on performance. On the hardwood. On the hardwood. His performance. Yes, it's always been heat. It's always the cream of the clock. Yes. He's always been, I agree, top of the list in almost every statistical category.


So you not gonna, okay, you can say it because they actually did it. You not Finn to tell me me. That's why I'm not a gm. That's why I'm not in that position. That's not why I'm sitting in that seat in the high seat making, making judgment calls on who I should keep and who I should play. Because ain't no way in hell I'm trade Luca and nothing when it comes to producing on the court, it's going wrong. Whether he is fat, whether he is skinny, whether he's outta shape. 'cause if you doing what you're doing while you're outta shape, imagine if I could get the right people with you or convince you to get in shape. Man, Do you had the right people that you do realize that when they hire a superstar, when you get a superstar they bring your people on, they let you bring your people on, right?


Ocho you do realize that it ain't like football. Yeah, they did. Now Tom Brady had a very unique circumstance where he got, had his guy right there with him. But most football teams don't do that. NBA teams allow you to do that. You know what, I can't say Mike Macia, Mike Macias travel with LeBron. He always has Randy Mims travel with LeBron always has. So you saying the right people, hell, he got the people that he wanted. Now he's in the right place to now. But with some, sure, Well I hope he LI hope he looks at, puts little LeBron like, well damn this man LeBron right This year 22 LeBron for ain't let him take no shortcuts. Not, not over there. Absolutely not. Not only are you able to watch, but you able to see someone that's done it for 20 something odd years at the highest level and is actually the NBA's all time leading score.


Lucas looking at that. LeBron is talking to him. You know they gonna have that talk. I know he had that talk before because all the rumblings through the media, I love, I would love that conversation. I would love insight on how you've been able to do it this goddamn long. How about I do you know what, how about I change up my routine? How about I tighten up on my, on my on on my discipline and my structure in the way I do things, in my approach to the game? Well if I'm already great and I'm somewhat lazy in a sense in my approach to preparing for the game and I'm playing extremely well, what happens if I tighten up the motherfucker? I almost curse. What happens if I tighten up the bolts and approach the game of basketball the way LeBron does?


Ain't no telling what I can can achieve and I'm already great right now. But everybody doesn't have that mindset. Ocho, I think LeBron came in. I think he had a couple of goals. He wanted to be considered the best player to ever play the game. He wanted to play as long as he possibly could. So he took the steps very early on. If you hear people talk about when LeBron was in high school, you hear people talk about LeBron when he first got there. How everything is so routine, is so regimented from his rest time to his nap, to his stretching, getting to the arena, so many guy hours early, getting his work, getting his lift in, getting his shots up. Everything for 22 years. Structure. Yeah, Structure and structure.


Structure. Discipline, discipline. This is another one. Discipline. Discipline. Everybody. This is another that Ron have a goddamn choice. Understand coming outta high school, the odds was stacked against him. All the pressure was on him. The expectations were out the roof. So he had no choice but to approach the game of basketball being the chosen one coming outta high school. Hell, at least in 10th grade, I think you said it yourself. Yeah, 10 grade. He could have came and played in the NBA right then and there. He, I I, I think, I think a situational trouble. You look at Luca, Luca had been a professional since he was 16. He had a lot of ex, he had a, he had a lot of expectations placed on him.


People thought he was gonna be good. I didn't think he was gonna be this good because everybody say no. He, he, he could play. I was like, bro, he played, I he played in, he said when he said it's easier to score in the NBA right than it is in Europe. Say this kid out his damn mind and lo and behold, yep, he ain't making me out to be alive. He never averaged the point amount of points he's averaging over Europe as he's doing here. He'd never, the 29 points a game in his career he's averaged, has the second highest playoff score in average. But think Jordan Is over in Europe where he was playing. I can't, I can't remember where. I don't remember exactly where. Do you think they played better defense? You think that's what it is? Are the, are the dimensions of the court a little smaller?


There has to be some type of difference. I think the thing is OCHO is that the game is not as free flowing as it is here. Everything, I mean you run plays, they don't let you do a whole lot of ISO over there. So you know, it's kind of like Coach Smith, Dean Smith or Coach Smith when he was at North Carolina. The only guy that can keep Michael Jordan on the 20 points a game was Coach Smith because of his office didn't allow him to get loose. Nobody saw Michael being able to do what he did in the NBA based on what he did in college. Same thing with Anthony Davis. Anthony Davis was a defensive player at Kentucky, at at at Kentucky. I didn't see, I didn't see this kinda offense from him. Now he was a sensational defensive player.


I'm surprised he doesn't have a defensive player of the year already. Considering the way he can slide, the way he can challenge at multiple position guard position. Tremendous in the picket roll. Weakside help. I'm surprised he doesn't have one already, but it's his offense, right? That's been most impressive. He went to Major Ma, mainly a pullback dunk law player tonight. He has a mid-range now he can take it all the way out to three Luca. You look at at Luca like, well, yeah, he getting some points. He getting 18, 19 points a game. But look at he play it against, will he come over here and play against grown men? He average 34 game. Hey then tell me if I'm wrong. So when I watch Luca play all his damn moves, look yes.


Like it's in slow motion or am I tripping? Not only do his moves look like it's in slow motion, they they work every goddamn time. He has no, yeah, he didn't have quick, quick twitch fibers like a Kyrie or, Nope, I'm trying to think. Or who, who else is really exposed to him? Ru Russell Westbrook Obviously's. He's a bigger man job. Ja Mo. No, he don't have that explosive, like no, he Doesn't. Nothing that he does have. They work every time. And I swear maybe it's 'cause I'm watching from tv. It look like it's a slow motion. Yeah, yeah. He is. He is. And that's why you can't time him up because while you done jump, he ain't left the ground yet.


And when you on your way up, where you on your way down, he on his way up. So now he gonna get a and one or he gonna get you a filing. So he, he could, he, he plays at his pace. He's not going to allow you to speed him up and make him play at your pace. He's really good. He can get off any shot. He's a lot bigger than you think he Has.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's Famous Smoke dot com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 Plus tobacco consumers,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Ready to prioritize yourself in the new year. Your skin is a great place to start. Dime Beauty, founded by a master aesthetician is more than just a skincare company with four skin conscious categories. Skincare, beauty, body care and fragrance. Dime offers simple spa worthy products that will help you enter 2025 with confidence. Whether you're revitalizing your regimen with nourishing products or building one from scratch, dime makes it easy. The work system our all-in-one bestselling routine includes a cleanser of your choice, toners, serums and moisturizers. Taking the guesswork outta skincare for your healthiest, happiest skin. Yet dime's commitment to clean ingredients in sustainable packaging ensures every product is as gentle on your skin as it is on the planet. With thousands of glowing five star reviews in a loyal community. The results speak for themselves. Revive your skin and give yourself the routine refresh you deserve by visiting dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com. Your best skin awaits.


It's a lot bigger body than you think. And it's stronger than you think because you're looking at him and you're like at all. I don't see not one definition. Only definition I see is that if you got a dictionary in your hand, definition is in there. Right? That's the only definition I see. But it's the same thing with yolk. When you look at Yoic, you don't see no definition. But he gimme a 30, 20 18 Time I watch yo, every time I watch Denver play. Why he always look tired The whole game. It look like he breathing hard the whole game, but every time he take a shot, It's going In. Move me baby. Yeah, it's working and, and if But look, I I think the thing is that's a lot. I I mean look, we're gonna see when, I'm trying to think the next guy that's available that's really good that can get this kind of money and might, but you said, You said Shaa, But Shay can get a supermax like this because that he got traded.


Remember? See, ant man got Ant man has been, was drafted to Timber Wolves. An man or Wim Wim Wim Wim definitely Finn get It. He definitely finn to well Ant man ain. Ain't no reason he should get it too. I know the Ws ain't gonna pull no, no slick stuff over there. They ain't got no choice. But give it to him. Wim Yama becomes a supermax eligible player player, meaning his rookie extension base salary will be 30% of the salary cap in instead of 25 when he enters his eighth year, he'll be 35% max eligible as opposed to the traditional 30%.


So whatever the cap is, he's entitled to 35% of that. Damn. So he's available for 20 30% of it, of it's rookie extension. Hey, That's what, so he's gonna be worth 35% of that. No. Listen, he's 30% Of that. Hey listen, he worth, he worth every penny. Hey, we is everything advertised right? Every advertised, every bit of it. So whatever Penny he get, he's earning every bit of it. Watching ad adman play every penny he's gonna get. He's worth every bit. Yeah. Wi Weby Weby is definitely going to be, yeah, the first 400 million player.


And And speaking of, remember I told you I was gonna start investing in going to the basketball game so I can, I can be better suited. Jason hit that. He, I be thinking about Look what you, Jason Tatu just got, he just got three what? 3 20, 26. But that's, but what, what about those next four years is 4 55. He'll be 31. So 30. So what's his next contract gonna be? His next contract might be, hey, he might hit that 400.


He just got three 20. It's hard to see a scenario. He gonna be 31 0 2 for him not to get another supermax. That's na boy. That's nasty work there. Boy. That that, that's nasty work, boy. It's it's, it's good money. It's great money, dude. You Can get you, you gotta understand you, you one, you, you one of the best in the world. You one of the one percenters now. And and that's what I made to tell you right before we go on what I just, I just got courtside tickets. The timber wolves play The heat March 7th. Yeah. March 7th or March 6th, something like that. Whatever it was. I'm sitting right next to the bench where I'm sitting right next to Bam. Right?


I'm a, I'm a church at Anthony Edwards. The whole game, the whole game is the same way Spike Lee do. I wanna make sure I'm better suited to talk about basketball so I could sound like Tim Legger so I could sound like Doris Burke or George Ano. And when I come on here and you and you wonder what the hell happened to me and why I'm talking about the game the way I am as if I played it all my life. You know why? Okay Ocho, So you know the discourse about the NBA wouldn't be complete without KD chiming in kd. This is what he tweeted. I think it's more fun to complain about the NBA than actually watch it crazy cancel All Star weekend. Let's just give everybody a break since we're so miserable around this time.


Ah, oh Joe, what you got? I understand Katie's frustrations. I wouldn't even call it frustration. I think he's more so listen, it's all Star Break. We ain't trying to hurt ourselves. We've tried to create different formats to appease you as fans to appease the viewers and it's not working. Well you know what? How about we just cancel all this because no matter what we do, we can't make y'all happy. We failed at it. Adam Silverhill failed. The players have failed. We don't wanna play because I think for one, as much as the players make in anything that you do, whether it be in the C world, whether it be in sports, anytime money's involved and it's incentivized, it makes you want to do whatever it is a little bit harder. Even though they make so much.


That's why that, that was my suggestion yesterday, have some type of format where it's incentivized, where they can make a huge chunk of change even though they make millions during the regular season. Yeah. Because outside of that, they already have f you money. Yeah. So trying to get him to play at the All Star Game Ain't Finn happen. That's why they shooting a hundred threes and throwing 200 alley hoops. That, that that's what you Gonna get. Look, he honestly, Katie was being sarcastic. He's tired of hearing the criticism about the All Star Game and the All Star Game format and, and about not playing hard and things of that nature.


KD is one of the ones he hear what people saying and it is his product and he's proud of the type of game that he plays. But everybody is not proud of the type of performance that a lot of the guys give at the All Star Game. And, and you know, they voiced their displeasure. It'd been interesting to see, I would've loved to have seen had Twitter been around in the nineties. Ooh, early two thousands. What would've been said? I think now because you have social media ocho and we don't have to wait, we don't have to just get our information 'cause we can go online. If we got a problem with something, how could I, if I didn't like something, how could I say it? Ocho I couldn't say it, but at the barbershop now I can get online, I can get on a player, I can get on a player's profile his his timeline.


Yeah. And talk some trash, man. You suck. And and honestly, honestly, I think it's a great thing. I I I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing for fans. It gives everybody a voice, gives everybody a reason whether, whether right or wrong, whether right or wrong. And for those, and for players, especially athletes, elite athletes like a KD LeBron as well, sometimes they engage back. I think for, for people that are, are fans of certain players or just fan of whatever sports you've played, just knowing that you can, even if they don't respond, knowing that you can ask someone that you like or dislike and send a message whether they see it or not. Yeah. I think that's one of the greatest feelings in the world.


I I think it is. I really think it is. I mean obviously it hasn't, I I agree. I agree. No, I'm saying I, I agree with you. You know, some guys, some guys don't pay any attention. KD is one of those guys that he's gonna respond if he think you're being dis I mean he don't respond to all things, but he responds to enough of them. He's one of the guys that probably respond more than anybody. Maybe any professional athlete that I, that I know And not just, not just any athlete. We talking about one of the best to ever play the game. You got one of the best to ever play the game. That's great right now that takes his time out to engage with people, whether it's negative or positive.


That's a good thing. That's a great thing. And I wish more players were like that. And most of 'em that have accounts, they have other people running their account. You know, all they do is post, you know, stuff that is promoting things that they are doing, you know, sponsors and endorsements and stuff like that or whatever, clothing or you know, whatever it may be. But people like KD and LeBron at times they actually chi they chi back and forth. LeBron sits ASG out the All Star Game. It's his first time missing an all Star Game in his career in year 22 he did 21 time starter player because of l lingering discomfort in his left foot and ankle. Do you agree LeBron accepted knowing he probably wouldn't play? Yeah, Absolutely.


But uncle, he done been there 20 times before that had nothing. Had nothing. Okay. He's earned the right, he's earned the right disagree to able to sit out an all Star Game where they're not gonna be playing serious anyway. It's okay. Exactly. Sit out now let Norman Powell get an all Star Game selection just like Giannis. Giannis knew he had a league, had a, a little slight injury he pulled out. Now Trey Young as a four time all star selection. That's the problem that I got. You're right. He earned it. Right. But he didn't cut, he didn't get in until Saturday. You know, you not gonna play why you block somebody else from playing. That's just like, just like you Ocho You know, you not gonna play in the Pro Bowl something your first alternate it, but you go with it.


Hold on man. Now hold on now what if LeBron, even though he wasn't playing, wanted to be there and be part of the team, He Giannis was there. Did you guys see Gianni said you Okay was answer to me. He should have pulled out completely in general for allow someone else. I see, I see what you mean. He Could, they obviously they still gonna let him come. He's still the biggest, biggest name in basketball. Sure. They gonna love to, love to have him come, let him walk, get introduced in year 21 in year 22 or 21 times starter NBA starting from LeBron James. Give him that. Let the fans see that, bro, come on man.


Norman Powell deserved to be I I thought Norman, he didn't deserve it. He earned the right to be there with the way he's played in the first half of the season. Now I ain't, I ain't breaking news to the chat. Y'all know I'm the biggest fan of LeBron's biggest supporter been that, but I disagree. I I wholeheartedly, wholeheartedly and strenuously disagree with a decision to make this announcement the day of the All Star Game. He knew he wasn't gonna play. Y'all think LeBron just made this decision today? Really? Yeah, nobody thinks that. And and honestly I can't even be mad at him because we talk this is LeBron. I mean this, this is LeBron.


If there, if there's one person that you know, what if, if I'm not gonna play, I've earned every right to decide Sunday morning or decide Saturday morning. No, LeBron James is not bigger than the game of basketball. I didn't, I Didn't say he was big game of basketball. So you talking about he's learned to write? No, he has not. No he hasn't. No. Oh, no, no. Disagree. Now I I I vehemently disagree with you on that. If LeBron and LeBron James, the all time leading score in the NBA decides, you know what? At the All Star Game this Sunday, you know, I don't wanna play. He should be able to Ocho you see no, see Ni no, no, I'm not saying he doesn't have that.


Right. I'm saying he doesn't have the right to do that Sunday today of the game. Make that decision on Thursday When you telling, you, telling you telling him The horse can call you, leave Shaq's team. Now Shaq's team only has seven players. They're down a man. Oh, seven players, five players, four players. They ain't even playing for real. They might as well play one-on-one. You just said it yourself. They just shooting three, they might as well just play horse. Okay. So he can't do he couldn't do that. Okay. Do what Giannis did. Giannis says, I'm not gonna play. And guess what? Trey got to come.


Norman Powell would've got an opportunity to come. What if what if it was a lingering issue and it didn't flare up until he got there? Man, stop it. Don't Joe, I'm just, I'm asking the question. That's a possibility. It did. So how so lemme ask you in Lincoln. So so what did he do to cause it a flare up? You know, you know, shit be acting up now when you hit your forties. Now What did he do to cause it a linger? Did he play basketball in between Wednesday night? He just, He just played Wednesday. Wednesday He played Wednesday, remember? So Thursday was off. Friday he was off Saturday, he was off Sunday. He makes an announcement that he's not gonna play an all Star Game.


So I'm just trying to figure out what did he do in between Wednesday after the game and today that calls the, That's a good question. That's a good question. I'm, I'm, I would, I would text him and ask him, but you know, IIII kind of, I I agree and disagree with you honestly because it, it is LeBron and the fact that he's made the, the All star for his 2020 first year. If I, if I'm not mistaken, 21 starts, you know, and he wanted to actually be there even if he didn't play. And I think that's why he didn't pull out Ocho. He could've Giannis is there you Giannis, Gianni Gianni Did we talking about LeBron. LeBron doesn't wanna do what Giannis is doing, but you Said, you said he wanted to be there.


He could've come and do exactly what it did nothing. Well, I, I, I listen, IIII agree with you to an extent and there's another side of me that doesn't agree with you. So IIII get what you're saying. That just, that's what the LeBron about to do. I'm just trying to, that's all I'm ocho Yes sir. But I'm saying, you know, I don't wanna play but don't show Ocho, you know, good. And well, if you've been sick for three days, why you show up on them people job and then go walk to work. I ain't gonna be able to come to work today. You coulda called in and do that. So we coulda had somebody come in and fill, fill up your job now.


We ain't now you leaving. We ain't got nobody to fill the spot. Why you come? Why did you come tell Ocho? Why did you come tell me you not gonna be able to work today? You come did that. I just like, like I said, look, hey, y'all know how I feel about LeBron, but I'm gonna disagree with him on this one. It all disagrees. Strangely appeal me on this. I got on this decision, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois


with Amex, there's always a new experience to explore from curating the perfect vacation and chilling in the Centurion lounge. Before you get there, drying out that new trendy restaurant thanks to Priority notify with Global Dining Access by resi and getting straight to the action at the big game. With card member entrances at select venues with Amex Platinum, you can experience it all. That's the powerful backing of American Express term supply. Access to the card member entrance, not limited to the American Express Platinum Card. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash With amex,


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh. Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.