
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with the therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bench you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store doing tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweet details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


And is time for our newest segment? Ocho Spark it or Skip it. Parker it to skip it. I like that. I like that. Okay, so how this work ocho, we talk about an item in the bedroom or a place to do it And you and I both decide if it's a yes, spark it. If it's a no, skip it. Okay. Okay. The shower. Skip it, skip it, Skip it. You don't never ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever.


I don't know what you've experienced in your lifetime. I'm not sure who you dated, but you never get in the shower with woman for one. The water's scolding hot. The water is hot. Did you turn it on? You turned on warm on joke. That ain't no no, no. I tried it. I tried it. I tried it multiple times when I was in high school and I don't know what in The world they were thinking and how they women take a shower with the water boiling hot, not normal. Hot, hot. I'm boiling hot. I will never do it again. The second, the second thing that goes wrong with that is I You always at the back of the shower. Yeah. And you cold. That's where I need to be. All the actually where That's why I need to be. It's the one time I wanted to be in the back, I wanted to be in the back. You know what I'm saying? Don't show. Hey y'all go to the back.


That's why I wanted to be. Thank you. Appreciate you. It's so, oh, so it's something about wet skin. I don't know if you, it's something that bring music to your ears. It sound like Luther Ro singing. No. No. Oh, you remember you to, You know what I'm saying? You know that what it sound like. I guarantee you if you ask a hundred men Yeah, I, I I know by that sound of sound. I love, I love the sound. You ask a hundred men if they enjoy and like shower effects. I guarantee you half of them say no. No. It's, it's, to me it's a horrible experience. Do shower anything in water. It just, it just, it it, It's ocho. I ain't gonna lie. You ocho I let 'em get in first. Don't cho I let him get in first.


And I got with, got the, with the big old big tub and shower that come like a waterfall. Okay. And then, hey hold. So, okay, that's different now. Y'all both could be underneath that. Don't, yo The shower is, And you, And you see that And you see that water beating up on her body. You know what I'm saying? Water be like, You know you got call ocho And you wanna beating up on the car sir. And you don't wanna beating up on her body listening. Yes sir. I just, I can't do it. I'm, I'm just being honest with you. I I think you, You know, You know how church mother Ocho, You know them church, your mothers do that thing in the church with that, that, that, that fair hit. Right. I can't, I can't do it on I'm, I'm just being honest.


Shower, shower sex or shower sex horizontally or Hey ain two. The chat. The chat say Yeah. 61% right now. Yeah. Y'all age. Hey. Yeah man I got a big old big a big one. Big 1 0 2. Hey that's 61%. I guarantee they under 21. That's exciting when you're young. Yeah. That those ain't trying to be in the back of the shower, man. Sitting back there freezing. She then the water's too hot. You don't want to go under the water 'cause you gonna burn yourself. I ain't, I don't want Yeah, You have it. That, that not, look I'm in there for that reason now. We ain't fitting, You know, every once in a while, You know, You know I wash your back. You know I soak it up. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Now I get in there with that intention.


Yeah. That's my intentions. Yes. Right. Sometimes plan don't go according to plan. You know what I'm saying? Don't you, you don't talk about That's a good one. And You know what I'm saying? What told you one time, You know, you pick a leg up. Lemme get, lemme get your foot. The next thing you don your up like this here. Wha wha wha I just saying it happened. Know what happened. It happened. Alright. On Joe. The next one, candle wax. You know how you hit the candle. I like that. And you let you drip that, drip that candle on the back. I like that. I like that. See simply because listen, I use the candle wax.


I used to use this as a part of foreplay. You know when you meet somebody for the first time, not only did they use a candle wax, I used to use ice. Well you hear me? You just told me. You told me I was, I was ancient when I told you about the ice dripping. Yeah. Yeah. You talking, you talking about tracing ice. Oh, that's back in the eighties. Ain't nobody doing that no more. I'm talking about using the candle wax while in the act of already. I mean the act already. No, no. You gotta put that on. You gotta put that on. See di the lights, you gotta cut the lights down. Oh No. Di the lights. Yeah di the light. Them light ocho. I just wanna see a little bit. I don't wanna see the whole, I just wanna see a little. No, I got it.


Listen. I got, I got it. Less Is more. Less is more, less, more. You gotta, you gotta learn to use the ice trick man. Crushed ice tose your mouth. Right. You hear me? Nope. Listen to me now listen to me. Stay with me. You already in the active engaging then you use the candle wax. Right. Depending on her, her on her flesh for pain. On how much pain she can tolerate. You take the wax and allow it to drip on the nip on the, on the nipples. You feel me? It's, it's a phenomenal sensation for those that that haven't tried in the chat. You should try that. Like, I, listen, I used to come and when I was in high school, in college, I came with a package and women used to come and be able to pick out what package they wanted me to do.


I'm serious. You laugh. I'm I'm, I'm serious. I had to make money some kind way. But for me. But C ocho, I used them big old, You know, I don't know if you've seen them Chad. Y'all ever seen them big old ice them big old ice cube? It'd be round ball. I got a square when I got a square when Atlanta got my number and everything in it. You know what I'm saying? Don't trying get that thing and You know I have like a, like a cube ball. Yeah. You know, I just roll, You know, I just, you just rope it. Yeah. You with ice. But I, I'm candle spark it. I'm sparking it. Spark it. You Gotta try that. You gotta try that. Yeah. Listen. Alright. Ojo handcuffs Skip.


Yeah, I I'm gonna skip it. I'm gonna skip it. 'cause that, that's, that's triggering. That's, that's traumatizing. I don't, I don't even like, you don't even like I can't give Her that. I can't give her that kind of control. Yeah. Nah, no. Especially you give it up to the wrong, wrong person. You know what the, what if she put you in handcuffs and she know the passcode to your phone, I come up out them things. I come up out, I come up out them handcuffs. Nah, I can't, I can't give her that kind of control. Man.


What you said, you, if you in handcuffs and she and she pick up your phone and go through it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. Anything Y'all think I'm Houdini? No Chad matter. Hey. And I know people, Hey look, some people, some people like to be bound, some people like to be restrained and all that stuff. I ain't never that I, I just Do. I mean Yeah. People about, Hey, hey, You know, You know I don't wanna do none of that. Mm.


Hey. Nope. Hey listen, I used to be UNC man. I, I had, I had a wild life when I was younger, man bondage. Oh boy. Tying up. Do dominating. Just, mm. That's, that's the old me man. I listened. I I done got baptized now. So I guess, I guess the handcuffs are for, for her. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It, it could be Or vice versa. Depending on it. Depending on if you have a woman that's aggressive and likes to take over, Well you need, but she need to be flexible because she need to be able to put her hands behind her back and still be able, You know what I'm saying? You know. Oh, I'm, I'm with you. I'm with you when you're right.


I'm, I'm with you when you're right. Alright, last but not least in the car. Spark it. Yes. Spark. Spark it. Mark it. Mark. Listen. Listen. We, we've all done that. We've all done that at a young age. Done middle age and still. Wait, are you still Doing it? Doing it and doing it and doing it well? Oh wait, you, you could still do it in a car with your, with your bad hips. Can I? Well, I grew up in a car. In a car. Hey, hey Chave Chevy Chave. Right. Firo.


I've been at all that. Yes. And, and You know, I, I always, I always thought it was much more exciting and the, the, the thought of getting caught, the thought of doing something, You know, you're not That. Yes sir. Huh. In the driveway. And the driveway. Hey, I pull up in the aisle, I'm gonna go in there and press it up. You ain't not French yourself right here. You French already. You from French for what? Right, Right, right. Come on with it now. Yeah, I like that. Hey, that was some days. Nah, it, I'm a little more cautious, huh? 'cause there's really not too many places you can go where you can be comfortable and be able to get away with it. You know, always having to look over your shoulder and You know, if you get caught, you gonna hit that nose. I don't want no part of that. I don't want no part of that either, Joe.


But, You know, mall parking lot, seen the works gym parking lot seems to work. OCHO froze. But see, that's why you got that 5% when you got that 5%, you ain't gotta worry about it. It man, don't No, I'm in there. But Ocho call ocho ocho ocho froze doctor.


Yeah. You know, like all she wanted was a quickie, but I I I think that Yeah, the car shower, spark candle, spark handcuffs, skip in the car. Spark. Spark. I'm just saying what y'all paycheck. Yeah. Bet ain't nothing like that. Nah, I ain't, I can't do it. No, I mean, I can't do it in no establishment.


Oh no, no. Yeah, yeah. We, but yeah, I can't, You know, the car, 82% said the cars a spark. We got you. We see you. Okay. Okay. Okay. 82% say the car say and the car is a spark. Absolutely. Absolutely. Especially, You know, you, you, you in a rush. You got somewhere to go. You not supposed to be there. Somebody you just met. Somebody ain't got no business being with, man. It, there's so many different variables that go into that. It makes it, I get you 10 years and get it in.


Huh? I don't need no excitement. I'm, I'm excited. I'm about to do it. Okay. Oh, okay. You talking about somebody, you, somebody just knew. Oh, You, You know what I mean? You know what I mean? I'm, I'm just Oh yeah. All the variables. That's all I have. Listen, I haven't done that in a while. I haven't done it in a very, very long time. So, but I just know that feeling. Hey, Eddie. The movie theater. I I, I thought that because You know, they got the movie theater where the chairs laid all the way back Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. I, I I, we call the I pick. Yeah. I picked that. Who we got. I thought about Rent it out renting one out. Just me and her. The whole thing. Yeah. Hey, it's so funny you said that. Oh, I almost woke the baby up.


It's so funny you said that. I'm going No, she right here laying in front of me. When the last time you been to a drive-in theater? I ain't been to a drive-in theater in 1990. Yeah. At least Six A drive in. Yeah. Ain't nothing like it. Yeah. What? There was no, I ain't watch no movies. I've just said that. Listen, I was, I'm thinking about it. I thought about it while I was here and I I, I was talking with a very, very good friend of mine. We talk about drive-in theaters and the last time you've been to a drive-in theater and thought about how that experience would be in 2025. So I looked up, You know, Y'all got some in Miami.


They, they, they say there's one in, in, in Fort Lauderdale. There's one Fort Lauderdale. I think that, I think that would be a great experience, especially if they have old movies they're showing, You know, like Grease. Yeah. You know, the stuff like that. No, I don't give a damn what they showing. They could, hey, they could have a doc. They could, Nat Geo could be talking about the great migration. That ain't got nothing to do with what I got going on. Huh? You not gonna watch the show? Nope. I am not. It's, it is all about the experience. If you happen to go to a drive-in theater, I think the people, I'm wonder, I'm wondering what the age group is for the people in the chat and anybody, anybody in the chat? Y'all been to drive-in theater? Do you have drive-in theaters in your city?


Where you from? I'm just, I'm just curious. Yep. There's one in Atlanta on Moreland is right across from the federal prison. Everybody live in Atlanta on Moreland Avenue. There's one right down. I'm talking about like right across from the federal prison on Moreland Avenue. I don't know what it's called, but that was the one I went to. And a matter of fact, she had a truck. She had a truck and let the gate down. You know what I'm saying? Ocho Oh yeah. Okay. They nothing to do with me. But see, here's the thing, Ocho it was, it was dark and they couldn't see in there. I can see. They, they, they, they mind their business. I mind I was handling mine. That's not what you do. Y'all don't be No. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Mind your business. Hold on.


You was on a flatbed outside? No, it was, she had a a, a fore runner. Okay. So the seeds lay down the gate lay down, and it come and the, and the other part comes up. Oh, okay. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got you. Well, you go, wow. Huh. Once upon a time, mojo. Once upon a time. Now, You know, back until they be trying your boy. See, they, they look at me. You know you ain't going do, huh? I won't do what? Please. All them Two good days, Boy. But You know, back in the day though, we wild at them. We wildly now. Yeah. Yeah. And it wasn't no thing, You know, now, I mean, You know.


Hey, front of your homeboys, one on the car, one in the back seat, one in the front seat, one on the trunk. Yeah. Osha, it was the days Ocho. Oh, like Stevie say. I wish those days would come back once more. Mm. So that's what it called Starlight. But they know what I'm talking about it. It's right on. It's on Marlin. It's right across from the federal prison.


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte, Chris Cristo, Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


But joining us, I know it's late. I don't know if he here in the a or he died in Miami. That's the biggest ball you ever saw. That's the homie Ricky Rose. What it do? What it do? Family. What it do? Fare. What's happening? My two brothers. What it do? What? What they do baby? Everything good man. Everything good baby. You know we shining on this side? Yeah, I hear ya man. It is late. I'm sorry we kept you up this late boss, but we had to get y'all here, man. Tell us what's going on. I know the car show was in June, but you got something happening before June. Tell us all about it. Most definitely. The car show June 7th. But what we kicking off tomorrow in Louisville is the Millennium Tour. You better believe it.


The Millennium Tour North. A lot of stars on the tour. But what made it exciting to me is me coming back out, bringing my new artist Nino Breeze back out to hit the stage. Trey songs on Omarion Bow, plys Booy. Ooh, the list goes on Chuckie. Y'all better rock with us. It's gonna be special. Now Ron, lemme ask you this. When you go, okay, you want to go on tour, right? How do you decide the artist that you want to be on that, that you want to go on tour with you? How do you come, how do you like, okay, I want him, I want her, I want this, I want that. How do you decide that boss? Well, whenever I call the shots and it's my tour, it's usually somebody that I got a relationship with, gel with.


And on the third act, you might want to throw something else out there just for the crowd that which should be a different vibe. Right? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So this right here, this is the Millennium Tour. This has been a legendary tour that's been going on for many years now. And I felt it'd be good for me to come hit the stage. Nino Breeze, hit the stage. We do it big, close it out, put our jewels on, put our gear on five way. You know how we do that thing? Oh yeah. You know what I mean? So it's going crazy. City to city. Listen, boss man, we've been friends, man. It gotta be, we gotta be going on 20 years by Napa. We, we gotta be 20 years. Matt. Look, listen, you, you've always been known.


I've been known to talk to, You know, in, in our own personal conversation in your interviews, you're always dropping wisdom for the people that are listening. What's, what's the best financial advice you've ever received? Because you're one of the most savvy businessmen and you're very, very good with your money. Because as an artist, I don't think people understand how difficult it is. And what you've been able to do and accomplish is maintaining longevity. Not, you Better Believe it. It's not just getting it, but maintaining it long term. Man, please tell the people, man, how you've been able to do it. Because not very many, as long as rap has been around, everybody hasn't been able to maintain longevity. Well, for Rose, it's really, it's the consistency.


You know, I got my hands in 20 different things. Everything may not win as much as others and some may not win at all. But when you win, make sure you win big. When you reping something, you hold it up high everywhere you go. That's why I love staying on tour, love going across the country. 'cause when I go, my brands go, my teams go and we rep all around The world, wherever we go. And that's how we do it. You know what I mean? Then when you come back home, buy you a little piece of land, they could make that car, but they can't by that corner. They gotta come see you to get that corner. If you on that corner, that's what we talking about. But boss, if you think about it, boss music might have got you started, right?


That might be your foundation, right? I need where you make the most of your money at Boss Facts. And that's what look at Ho Ho might have got started in music, but ho got a whole lot. He a billionaire because of something else. Facts. It's definitely, that's what it is. The the music introduced us to The world. Now you gotta take it to where you want to take it to And you gotta earn it, but you gotta turn it all the way up. And as long as you stay solid, keep your flee, your face clean And you mean what you say. Yeah, boss, when I look at you and I, I I hear you talk man. And I like brothers that getting paper, but don't talk down about somebody else because a lot of times we have the propensity raw that we making a little paper or somebody make a little paper more than us, that we start to feel some type of way and we try to be negative towards that paper.


When we got, there's an opportunity and I told, I was telling, I was telling OCHO this the other day, 80% of the money that's in circulation has been printed since 2020. So what that tell me, Ross, if they run outta money, they'll print some more. So if he, if your boy get, if your boy getting all of it, don't worry about it. Just wait a couple days, they gonna go back to the factory, they gonna print some more for you. You already know. And we gonna make sure they keep printing us on dope. And when it come to us getting paper, we ain't talking down on nobody Mr. Motivational purposes. Only whenever you see that jet fly in, you see that yacht pull up all that's the hard work. You see the fun times, you see the, the rewards, but you gotta see the grind.


When you come to my story every morning you going to see, hear rose preaching. Let's go get it. Let's do something new. You gotta get that piss out the back of that toilet. You gotta get the ru off the side of mama house. It's 2025. We can't be bullshit, man. We going all the way up, man. Hey. Right. You know That. Hey, listen, you, a lot of rappers have now a a lot of rappers, athletes in general, athletes as well that are retired, have gotten into sports ownership. You are huge advocate for, for our Miami Dolphins. Obviously if the Dolphin never came up for sale, would you be interested in buying the Dolphins?


Without a doubt. That's without a doubt. Yeah. That's without a, that's without a doubt. And and if we make that happen, I throw in there me and the water boy. You know what I mean? I throw that in. Hey Listen, check it. If if you were able, if you were able to be the takeover for Stephen Ross And you were able to be the gm, what's the first movie you'll make for your dog? You, you'll be honest. I, I'll spend some money, spend, we gonna spit at some money. We gotta get somebody else to back up to. We love to. He's a amazing person, amazing quarterback. But we just gotta make sure we get somebody behind him.


We gonna do some few, we gonna do a few things on the defense. Okay? It's a few things we gotta do. You know what I mean? For us to have that run, like y'all was just discussing that Lakers run. Yeah, we gotta have Lakers run. We we need us some rings down here and we really deserve it as a true donair. We really frustrated, homie. Listen, It's been a long time boy, It's been a long time. And I'm talking about this past season we was, we was all thinking and dreaming Super Bowl. Yeah, yeah. Expectation for hiding based on what we did last year. And I, and, and for those in the chat, they're gonna say, oh, you played for the bands. I'm from Dade County. I'm from Liberty City first.


I was with golf fan before I got drafted. You better believe it. Bo lemme ask you this. I hope you, I hope you remember that song you did at the house. Oh, got your Yeah. I, I remember, I Remember. I may have to see that. I may have to lead that man. Let, let me know, let me know, let me know. I'm ready Boss. Lemme ask you this. You were talking about the grind, how you get up, but it seems like people forget the grind. I'm not talking about you because You know what you went through. But when they see the yas, they see the private jets, they see the whips, they like, oh, he did something, but they forget what Ross did. This is the byproduct, this is the finished product.


But what about that 10, 15 year period that y'all didn't see Ross grinding? That y'all didn't see that struggle, that y'all didn't see me cleaning the cars, making $20 and do a little extra when I go get gas and put the fresh in inside of it. You didn't see that. All you see is the after, but nobody sees the struggle or wants to believe that there was a struggle in order to get to the other side. Without a doubt. It most definitely was a struggle for Ricky Roseto 20 years before I got on nobody. You know, they didn't, they don't wanna recognize that all of the records I wrote for others. Imagine you having records that never work yet And you walk in the club And you hear something that you wrote and it's going crazy, but guess what?


You stay down. We stayed down. Right? Like, yo, it's so many, it's so many potential MVP players that's riding a bench. There's so many people who sitting down mad at themselves, oh man, I ain't going to even go in. Nah, I gotta get in the game and I gotta show everybody my value. And once I get in the game, I ain't gonna look back. And that's what we did. And I tell Ocho this all the time. I said, Ocho, you don't realize how much success you can have as long as you don't care who gets the credit. A lot of times I wanted, if if I can't, if it can't be done my way, rose the hell with it. I'm gonna, I'll blow it up. If you won't let me drive the boat, I'll sink the whole ship.


I, it's so funny. And, and, and now that you manage it too off, you talk about when it comes to athletes or anyone that has any type of success, a lot of people are looking for instant gratification. Not understanding the process that goes into it. Anything that you get right away, it never lasts. Ross, you'll probably remember you told a story a long time ago. I had no idea how long it took, how long you was in the game before you even saw real money, how long you had here to grind and get it together and actually get it before, I don't know, you might have been, might maybe 8, 9, 10 years of the game until you actually saw some real money as an artist and was like, okay, okay it is paying off and that, oh man, everybody, everybody see the finished product, You know, the jewelry, the houses, the card and not understanding how long it even took to get to that point.


Oh believe that it most definitely took a long time. And it, it's like when you doing it for love, you doing it out of right. That what it won't allow you to quit. Right? You gotta find a way to love whatever it is you doing. Even if you getting up And you shooting your content, two, three in the morning, you gotta get up and love it. They going to fill it in you, they going to see it in you. And that's what it was. It wouldn't allow me to quit. So after I got old, soon as I could do my first show for $200, $300, $500, that, that, that wasn't much. But that was progress for me and it was more than enough to feed my love so I wouldn't stop.


And here we are right now. And and that's what happened when people ask me, Ross, man, gimme some advice. I say find something that you're passionate about because that's what's gonna get you out of bed. That's gonna what what's gonna make you focus and and and lock in to do what you need to do in order to get done what you to be done. Find, find your passion. Don't Well I, I think I wanna do this. Well see the me the minute you tell me you think you wanna do something, you're not passionate about it because what you're passionate about, you going do. Absolutely. And, and You know, And you going, you going to win And you going win big when you passionate about it. Absolutely look forward to doing it. It's just like laying that outfit out that night before when you take braid.


Yeah, you gotta lay, you gotta lay the outfit out. You don. If you don't put it out the night before, you might be rushing. You might wake up a little late bro And you might, hey, you might not have the outfit, but at night before I lay that thing at them, Lee Jeans was crispy star, that Niagara star on them. You put the socks in the shoes, you make sure they right. Yeah. So just in case, don't nothing get, Hey man, I ready, I'm ready. And when you get to school that next day, trust me, you are a different individual. Yeah. It's gonna be pricey. Man, look here I be so clean the first damn school, if a fly light on me, I cut his throat. You ain't got no business on me now. You know I'm too clean to you for you laying your ass on me.


Hey. Yeah. Hey Ross, lemme ask you like when you, when you started this thing, obviously everybody knew you from the music, right? But you weren't satisfied with that because you felt that, okay, that's my foundation. People know me for this. But You know what, since y'all know me, lemme see if y'all wanna do business with the balls. Hey wig, stop. Get at your boy. Get at your boy, get at your boy. I'm gonna tell you that's what Luca been doing. Lu could have got around some right homies. He been eating the lemon peppers with that red dressing. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you. That's what it is, man. And once I went out, I did business. Once Wingstop seen it, checker seen it, all the other friends, Bugatti luggage, everybody else started falling in place.


I ain't dropping the ball. We doing potato chips. Let's do noodles. Okay, we did an amazing thing with Wingstop. Let's take it to the next level. Let's create our own chicken that's coming next. Hey, how, how difficult, how difficult is it for, Obviously you have to have some type of foundation, some type of background have to have some type of sex success behind you. But when it comes to, to working with brands of that magnitude, is it difficult to get involved with 'em? Well after you sustain, after you establish a certain amount of success, they can't see your vision. When you go down and lay out, look, this the idea I got this what I wanna do.


I mean it, I love it. And besides like me, I bought my first franchise, went to my second, my third. You know, they sitting back watching, damn, when he going to stop, he at 20, he at 25. Hey man, you understand? So they understand my book, You know, my passion, how hard we went and how, how amazing my team was. Yeah, understand. So once they understand and know you got the team, they gonna let you run with it. Especially if you really get money, that's what it's gonna come down to. Who going be wrap the brand and get some money? And I did them both. Well yeah, that, that, that's the color that people be looking at.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Black and white And you all that other stuff. But they count green. Oh people can see green people might be colorblind. Rose. No, they that colorblind, they ain't colorblind. But once that thing start coming, everybody get on the same page. When that butter cattle start blue, oh that's all they come. They like, hey, give him another one. Hey, where you, where you want your next wing start? Man Boss. Matter of fact, you want your next 10 at boss? Let's go down this. Let's go to LA Texas baby. Hey boss, look, we know you love cards. Lemme ask you a question. How did you decide to come up with a car show? Because I know you love cars.


You were telling me when I did the interview with you a couple years ago, you told me cards have always been your passion, right? They always been my passion. I looked up one day, realized I was at close to 60, 70 cars. Damn. Yeah, I'm at the promise land. That was then. Yeah, I'm at the promise land. We at two, 250 plus acres and I find myself looking around, let's do this, right? Yeah, we kicked off the very first one and when I say the culture came out, the streets came out. The cars, the bikes, the trucks, the ladies, the hustlers, the athletes, Chad Ocho was out there riding horses all day.


I'm talking about they horseback ride. That's what made me think of doing the rodeo next. I'm like, yo, hey, if you Do a rodeo, I'm riding the bull


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey, Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention, Intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


And You know what I'm man, I I'm, I'm, I'm gonna take the challenge right behind you. I'm gonna get on the board too. Man, we riding the bulls. Rose, rose, rose, rose. Whoa, whoa. I gotta stop you. Rose. Rose. I saw you on the diving board. I don't know if you can hit it. I don't know. I don't know if you can hit the ground because that water, the water softened in the No, I can't hit that ground. I'm gonna let You know right now. I can't afford that man. I got shows to do we on tour, man. This Yeah. Yeah. You about wait till the tour over boss. Let that tour over before you do that rodeo. Listen man. All all right. I ain't gonna do the rodeo ocho. I'm gonna watch. Yeah, I make sure biggest, the biggest bulls out there so we can goddamn watch a real performance.


I'm ready that I, I was at the car show. I, I'm supposed to be out there, You know, I enjoy myself and, and looking at a car, look at some ideas. Maybe if I, if I happen to wanna spend a little Money mastering About three hours on the damn horses, man, Hey boss, lemme ask you this with all day. Are you, are some of those cars, do some of those cars be for sale? It's like this, I'm thinking about raffling. Maybe a raffling something off or maybe giving one away this year. But all of mine, You know, I usually keep, I buy cars throughout the day of the car show because there's some homies come out who's selling they cars. Right. And certain situations, I just made a offer they couldn't resist.


Yeah, I done bought one for 50 quarter million. Let's go, let's run it 57 Bel Air Convertible from the King. Yeah, you love them Bel Air, you love that. 57, 55, you love them. Bel Air Ball 57 is them 50 fives. I love them 73 verts, them seven ones. That's that day county vibe as well. So, okay. I love my convertibles. I love my Chevrolets. You know what I mean? That's just how it go. And if somebody bring the right Chevy, I'm, I'm gonna take it off you, I'm gonna take it off your head. So you, you, you mainly, you mainly a Chevy guy. You mainly a Chevy guy. You ain't really big in the Mopars or anything like that, huh? No, I'm a Chevy guy. Then I love me the Chevys then the, the Shelbys, the mo.


Oh, Paul cant afford to Kobe? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Carol Shelby. Okay. Hey, hey. I rock with those and the major way. But that's how I usually go for me. And then I cut it off right after that. Okay. That four 50. That 4 27 Cobra. You, you got a Cobra? Of course. Oh you try. Oh you got, you got what bottle? Man, I, I had to, I You know them Shelby's, I love them Shelby's. I was in one of my Shelby's today man. I love them. I love them. I do. Woo. I you got O Joe. I listen, I can't wait. So when the tour let, when the tour kick off Boss, the tour actually kicking off today It's kicking off Louisville, Kentucky. Like I say the lineup next level, all the heavyweights on Omarion Bow Wild Trey songs, PLAs, boosty, badass Lies, Ricky Rose, Nino Breeze.


We going all the way out this tour. I'm gonna enjoy it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm gonna watch the homies do they thing. I know the ladies going be in the crowd. I'm gonna come out there, hit 'em with hits back to back BBBB, Nino Breeze hit 'em Ba give him another Nino Breeze ba I'm gonna give him another one. Bye. You know that's how we going do it. We ain't even play. That's a lot. Hey Boss, I appreciate you staying. We appreciate you staying on Nightcap. Really appreciate you. Appreciate you staying up late. We know it's probably past your bedtime. The tour kicks off today. So, hey bro, thank you for your time. Y'all make sure y'all go check out the Millennium Tour with the boss. The biggest boss you ever saw, Rick Ross trade song Bow Wow applies Booy badass.


Nino Breezy be no breezy. Better believe it. This gonna be crazy man. Y'all better pull up Louisville, Kentucky. Get your tickets right now. Be there tonight. Ricky Rose. I'm gonna wear me one of them big coats coming out there. Hey, appreciate that boss. Enjoy it man. We'll catch you down the road. Thanks for joining us. Y'all keep killing them man. Y'all number one in the streets, number one in the game. Number one in The world. Don't stop baby man. Yes sir. Yes sir. Appreciate that. Absolutely the biggest boss. It's too easy man. Man, this Hey man, that dude one of the greatest dude, man. He the same awesome.


He the coach. I hit that man. I hit that man in the dm. Yeah. I said, bro, I need to holler at you by something. I need you to come on the podcast. Yeah. To a i, hell, it seems like he had his phone in his damn head because he a, he shot me his number man. I hit him, boom, he has the phone. I said Bro man, I just want, I need you to come on the pod, blah, blah blah. And then boom, he's like cool. And we've been in touch. Hey, I don't care if I hit him. He might be out of town. He'll hit me back. Hey, out of town I'll be back such and such when he, Hey he on the phone. It's one thing about, man, you gotta think Man, Ross and I, we, we, we've been Fran not, I'm talking about it might be 20, maybe 21 years.


It's been a very, very, very long time. And when you talk about someone being thorough, you hear a lot of people talk about being real when you talk about somebody being consistent at the way they are and authentic. Yep. These, the definition of all that and has been Yep. Since day one. Real, the definition of it, not putting on the act, not putting on the front. Nope. But by action intent, man. Man bro been the real deal man. Since day one he ain't changed and always been the same regardless of success and what he's been able to at Attain. Always been straight up though. That's dope.


A woman posted on Facebook, anyone have interest in these or even know what they would be worth, Chad may want them back. I received these from 85 Chad Johnson Bengals 2006 New Year, new Year's Eve game. The shoes were later signed at training camp that I was, that I, that that was attended. I've tried searching for familiar items online and haven't found anything. Ocho you signed those? Them 1 0 1. You want your cleat back On you? Yeah. Nah, nah, I don't want them back. I want that guy. I want that that hall of Fame jacket I made back. That's 1 0 1. I need that. The clea is cool. Listen you that. That's 2006 I was doing, You know, you see how they have cleats today?


My cleat, my cause my cleat or my my how it, how you say it? Yeah. Yeah. My calls my cleats. I mean I've been doing my calls way back then in 2006, but I was getting fined from mine, You know, cre, my own bangal cleats have, You know, having a little fun, a little creativity. Yeah. You could only have two colors. You couldn't have three. But look, the NFL has laxed a lot of rules and I think, look, I I I like this my cause my cleats for a worthy Cause you auction the shoes off and it gives money goes to the charity that you're, you, you're trying to raise, raise awareness for Right. And, and, and, and, and hopefully, You know, sell the shoes and, and it goes for a, a large amount. I so I like that.


Yeah. I like guys getting an opportunity to give back for a very worthy cause, but damn, y'all need to gimme my money back and I donated, gimme the money y'all took off off me for having shoes. Talking about the shoes got three colors. That's Funny. Y'all let these kids, they all these men, nah they worked first of all. I mean guys, now Ocho guys coming to the league. Guys play special teams who might not even be active and got a cause Right. Got cleats. How you get, how you get, how you going to the shoe searching or how you going to this guy getting cleats made for $5,000 And you playing four plays the game.


I'm damn, Come On. I'm just saying on Joe. It Messed up man. Man these dudes here. I want my money back. I wanna donate it. I got a worthy call that I wanna donate for. So gimme the money back that y'all took from me over the years. It's six figures. Trust me. Oh yeah, absolutely. I sure, I sure wish I find money back. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.