
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more check out bs.com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prime video wide open this week. It's an NFC South Clash. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers take on the Atlanta Falcons. Heck of a wrong, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Buccaneers and Falcons Thursday owned on prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for detail.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


So look, I get it. I I, Hey man, you know, I know Big Willie. I'm surprised he had, he isn't an offensive line coach for somebody. Maybe that's not what he wants to do. 'cause he's as good as anybody. Oh yeah. And teaching lineman. 'cause a lot of linemen go work would be Willie in the off season and One of the best writers ever. Yeah. Yeah. And so I I I think he, I think he would, somebody would be very, very lucky to have him as a, an offensive line coach. What's up big Willie? I know you be watching from time to time. You know, you being, we DM each other, Twitter, ig sometimes. So the big homie, I'm always, I'm always pulling for the, the Georgia, oh Joe Justin Fields said the Steelers coaching staff is significantly better than parents coaching staff.


Oh. Oh, don't do that. Don't that He was asked by teammate Cameron Hayward on not just football podcast. Let's take a listen to what Justin had to say. Alright. I'm do 'em like that Justin Coaching Pittsburgh or Chicago. That was a come on. Yeah, I mean, I mean listen, we talk about the Steelers. Yeah. We talk about, we talk about the Steelers historic organization. Five six Super Bowls, a history of winning. It's a winning franchise. No disrespect to the Bears, but obviously, you know, the coaching is gonna be different. Everybody under Mike, Mike, Tom tutelage, you know Arthur Smith understanding play to your player strengths.


Yes. Not trying to make him do too much. Having him do what he's actually good at. You know? And that's exactly what they're doing. He's not turning the goddamn ball over. Number one thing. They scoring 40 and 38 goddamn points. They doing just enough. Not turning the ball over then playing crazy goddamn defense. Yeah, They are. Boy, that goddamn defense over there. Nice boy. Here's the thing, Ocho, when you get one of these young quarterbacks, who you gonna have to coach him? Cliff Kingsbury? Yes sir. Coach coaches Jayden Daniels.


The one thing you might say, he's not a good head coach. Right. The one thing that you can't say that he's not a good oc, he's not a good quarterback coach. He had Johnny Manzel in Texas a and m when he won the Heisman. He had Patrick Mahomes, he had Kyler Murray. You look at the guys and look at them. Kyler was a rookie of the year. Johnny Manzel won the Heisman. Patrick Mahomes threw for d the 800 yards in a game. Right. Ended up going number 10 overall. Right. So he can coach the position you had Justin Fields and I don't know if they had the right coaches in place and see, because they didn't have the right coaches in place. Justin turned the ball over, he could turn the ball over. Why? Because he knew they didn't have anybody that was gonna come in.


He knows now if he turned the ball over, he taking his ass to the bench because Russ gonna come here. Yeah. So he's a lot more careful with the football. They put him in situations where he can be a lot more careful because they don't need him to be great. Yeah. Chicago need him to be great. Great. Yeah. Yeah. So now I don't need to be a hero. I can live, Hey, I ain't gotta strain myself. I ain't gotta blow out my back trying to lift 400 pounds. I can lift this 1 35. Right. Every once in a while, you know, hey, I add another quarter on there and hit 180 5. But all I need to do is not put the ball in harm's way. Yeah. And the Steelers do with the way they play defense. They're gonna be in a lot of games.


Now the question is Ocho if they fall behind Yeah. Yeah. That, that can, that style, can you survive that, that style running the football three yards here, four yards there, throwing the ball. But yeah, I think the thing is, the thing, the, the mistake that teams make is that when they get a quarterback and they draft him high. Right. Damn. The head coach you who gonna coach him? That's what I need to know. Right. Who is coaching him? Because that's the difference. The person that's in his ear. The person that's in the meeting room. Yeah. The person that when we call plays.


And when I ask you what you like, that's the guy. Right. And he needs to be an expert on that level. But I'm happy. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm happy he's found a home. I thought he would've been great in Atlanta. Atlanta went in another direction. But hey, I'm happy for Justin Field. Justin Jefferson spoke on his feet with Packers, DB Jael, Alexander Ocho. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. I didn't really care if he played or not. Last year. I was just more focused on, you know, of course during that time we were fighting to get back into the playoffs and to, to make our wine. You know, that's, that's something that I was looking forward to.


I really don't care about the matchup, honestly. I feel like he cares more of it than, than I do. But I mean, it is what it is. That's, that's every team. What do you make of his comments? Man? He ain't go at him. He ain't go at him. He should, he should have said, I'm finna go at his head. Like, I, I, I need, I need, I need that. Odell Thurman, Josh Norman, Marshawn Latimore, Mike Evans, Odell Thurman, Odell Beckham, Odell Beckham. I'm talking about Odell Thurman. I'm talking about Odell Beckham. Josh. Josh Norman. Hell, who the hell is Odell Thurman? Yeah. I'm tripping. I'm tripping. I'm tripping that. That's my dog. He played with me in Cincinnati.


You know, Odell Thurman went to, went to Georgia. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like, I, I need that type of energy, man. You know, make the games exciting. Packers playing the Vikings. I need Jay Zaire to say, Jaire to say something, man, I'm finna lock your ass up. Or I need, But that's not, but that's not his style though. That's not Justin Jefferson style. I I know, I know, I know. It's, it's understandable, but it just makes, it makes it more entertaining and exciting for the fans getting ready to watch the game. Yeah. I mean, I mean, for me, for me, I'm, I'm watch anyway, but I'm just saying Yeah, for sure. It'd be good to have that little bulletin board material, you know, to add a little, add a little, little spice to it.


Little spice to the game. Yeah. But Justin Jefferson was politically correct just then. I ain't, I don't like that side of him. I don't like the PC Justin Jefferson. But that's, that's who he is, man. He ain't, he ain't like us. I mean, that's go talk. Oh, he, Hey listen, he he'll talk to you now. Probably, probably not, probably not through the, you know, through the media. But on that field, he be, he'd be out there chirping. But it's a, it is a whole different ball game to talk that trash before a game start. And then you gotta, you, you gotta go into the game. You gotta back that. You gotta back it up. Yeah, For sure. That's a whole, Hey, that's a whole different ballgame, Man. Look here. Whether I said anything or I talked a lot, they still gonna kick the ball off at 2 0 5 on Sunday.


So it, it didn't matter. Hey, But it ain't, it ain't you. Hey, You know I'm coming. They know I'm coming. Yeah, I know I'm coming. Yeah. Okay. What you got? But you, you don't, you don't understand how dog, remember Michael Crabtree and Richard Sherman going at it? Oh, that was, oh no, you be, you be what you call, oh, hear me? And what you call them? Who Keith to leave. Oh yeah. You remember Crab Kid to Leave? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Man. You know, ke key stay on one. Yeah. They were, they were going at it, man. Anytime Marshawn Latimore and Mike Evans play or Yeah, I mean, just that, that, that Odell, Odell Beckerman that Josh, Josh Norman Dogg.


Those were so exciting. They, I mean, they were so exciting because they was going, I'm talking about all out war. It's still football, you know, a little, little, little extracurricular activity. Some, you know, here and there. But man, I love watching them boys go at it, man. Oh yeah. And I, I, I think that, That, it's different now. The ocho Yeah. They don't let you play like that. They don't let the, the intimidation factor. They don't let the, the physicality. 'cause you can't get physical no more. They gonna throw flags. Yeah. Yeah. Because because back then that, I mean, they would let us talk. Now the first time you say something, there come be referee running to get in little skinny ass in front of back, back up. Well, you catch a bow.


Oh, man. It's, it's a different time now. Ocho it's, it's, it's, it's a, it's a different time. They want to keep it. I mean, I Did, I Were there some players that didn't, didn't like each other. Yeah. Yeah. But you know what, we just kept it on the field, but we didn't travel. Like these guys travel and, and be all together like that. Yeah. Ocho we, we, we wasn't going to no white parties. And, we wasn't going to No. You know, going to no fights together, no things like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And it, it, it was different. These guys different now. These guys cool. For the most part. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I, you know, come to Vegas and I see guys at the fight, especially, you know, once the season's over.


But you see all, you see 30, 40, 50 football players Yeah. Players. And they, for the most part, they're cool. And I'm, I I like that. I'm, I'm cool with that. Yeah. But, oh, we cool off. But on the field. Yeah. I got something for you. Every time I got your, I got your address. Oh yeah, for sure. I'm gonna make sure, I'm gonna make sure this package will be there right on time. Like Amazon. Yeah. Oh, hey. Oh, I'm gonna give it to you. Plus handling. 'cause I gotta make sure you get it. You know what I'm saying? Outta the way. I don't want no a, i it got lost. No, I put that direct address on it and I paid for early, for early delivery. I wanted it there, but by 10 30.


So that way when it came to two o'clock, I had something for you. You got you gonna get it. Oh, Joe, big news of the week, former UNLV starting quarterback Matthew. So Luca left the team because of the university failed to make good on a promised payment of a hundred thousand dollars. Yeah. According to his father and agents, Luca announced that he would be using his red shirt year and leaving the program because of representation that was made to him, which was not upheld after I enrolled. This comes after he led UNLV to the first three in. Oh, start. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, I think Randall Cunningham was the quarterback the last time they had a three in one start. Hmm. Randall also was the quarterback at UNLV. And he also was the pointer. I think Randall was like one of the top per partners in the nation that year.


Also, you could check me out on that Ash, but I think Randall was the quarterback at UNLV when they started three. And Oh Man, they should have paid, they should have paid buddy. Man. Yeah. You ain't go in there promising something and then, then don't stick to your promise. Matter of fact, he tripping. Anyway. If they promised you a hundred K, they should have at least dropped. They paid him 3000 of a hundred K. That's it, man. Let, let me get half. Don't play with me. I know you got boosters. UNLV, Vegas. Shh. Yeah, man. Let me get, man, throw me, throw wire me 50,000 before I even think about coming here.


And if I don't come, I'll send your money back and gimme the rest of the money before the season start. And we three in oh nine. And I'm one of the reasons why we three in. Oh. And you still playing my money, man. Run me my cash, man. Stop playing with me. Yeah, man. Who I don't know who wanna be on the job. You done promised me, man. You Hey, you done promised me and like, oh, oh, no, I'm surprised. Look, I'm surprised more that happened, happened to more players. I mean, you hear some players that have transferred because what was promised wasn't delivered. And so they leave and you know, I, I heard they were trying to work it out. I don't know how true that is. Ocho trying to get him some money, but I don't know if that's gonna be enough.


Some, Some, Yeah. I need 50. I need 50. 50. I give you another six, another six games. Matter of fact, put interest on it too. Oh yeah. Sureno. Yeah. Put interest on it too. Stop playing with me, man. Stop playing with my top. Yeah, but y'all need, y'all need to, y'all need to pay the man. Y'all done promise the man that y'all told him, if he enrolled, y'all give him a hundred bands. Give him that. Especially if he got it into writing. If you got it into writing, oh, you good? Yeah. I need all that. Every, Was Randall the starting quarterback in 84? Because Randall, if I'm not mistaken, Randall came out in 85. He was the second round pick in 85. Went to Philly.


Oh, oh, Somebody. Oh man. TRO attorney. Hey, you know what would Ash do this right here? Ocho would Ash do this? What happened? Who was the quarterback? Nn. Oh, You got it right. Hey, somebody, You know, Ocho you know, when I like, when I be saying stuff like this, people actually think I have it on my path. They don't realize. I just be, y'all do realize that I'm 56 and stuff that happened in the eighties and nineties. Yeah.


I'm old enough to remember it. I remember too now. So, man, they be done Google that stuff, all that track and field. No, they don't. When I'm having a conversation with, with with Michael Johnson and Norman and all those RI remember those when I had, I just did the interview with, with Ronnie Coleman, bodybuilding, bro, do y'all know? I mean, I clearly, they didn't know. But I used to go to all the shows though, Joe. I went to the Olympia. I go to the Arnold Classic. I went to the MPCs. I, I went to the Chicago, the, the pro show. I used to, I used to go all the time. And you know, you know, Phil be watching this now. Phil Heath. Yeah, but Phil be, yeah, Phil be locked in now Phil be locked In.


But I grew, no, I didn't see Phil compete. I had to, but guys like Fledge, Ronnie, Chris, k, all those guys, Sean Ray, I grew, I grew, you know, with, with those guys and seeing those guys, Paul Det. So I mean, like, like I said, I'm, I love sports. I love sports. I love talking about sports. Yeah. And there's not a whole lot of sports, you know, from sumo wrestling to bull riding to, you know, I'm brushing up on my Formula One, obviously I know who Max v Stephan is, and I know who Hamilton is. Yeah. You know, and I know Lewis is leaving a Mercedes, I think at the end of this year, going back to Ferrari and the Red Wings team.


The Red Bull team. It's he kill it. But, but no, there, there's no, but I, I, like I said, I played with Randall. You know, I was with Randall and in, in Baltimore, Randall's a great guy. His daughter, his daughter is a, a high jumper. A high jumper. High jumper, yeah. Bash day. His son was a high jumper also. I think he ended up clearing like seven. Seven. Woo.


If you're like me and you have a couple gals, depending on your income, then you should seriously consider having life insurance. It's as simple as that. A term life insurance policy from fabric can give you the peace of mind that the people, depending on you, will have some financial support. If something unexpected happens, like falling out of a tree, stand Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done right here, right now. You could be covered right from your couch in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric was designed by parents for parents, and now they partner with Gerber Life, trusted by millions of families just like yours for over 50 years. They have over 1,905 star reviews on Trustpilot, with a rating of excellent fabric. Has more than life insurance, free digital wheels investment accounts to invest your kids' future and more. You can manage it all right there from your phone. Join the thousands of parents who trust fabric to help protect their family. Apply today in just a minutes@meetfabric.com slash tcl. That's meet fabric.com/tcl. MEET fabric.com/tcl. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states. Price is subject to underwriting and health questions.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us, and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature, break from your nine to five, or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo, find your water visit see dew.com. Or find a dealer near you.


Why does this room look amazing? What'd you change? Oh, I just got these custom shades from blinds.com. It's all online, so it's really easy. Great price too. Ugh. I remember shopping for blinds. I waited around all day just to get a quote. Hi. Sorry I'm late. I know you said just the bedroom, but what do you feel about this? I feel like I had to say yes just to get rid of her. All right. Just go ahead and sign here and we'll get everything taken. Care it took forever. And the worst part, hidden fees. How about you? I chatted with my blinds.com design consultant on my time, got free samples and it was all super high quality at a great price. Plus they make it easy to DIY or add installation like I did. Blinds.com sounds way better. Way Better. And everything comes with their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Plus, check this out. I can control them from my phone. Whoa. Magic Shop blind.com for up to 50% off sitewide and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Well, it's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound. And to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more. Check out bows.com.


We all know just because gifts for loved ones can look like flowers a spa day or maybe even planning date night. But what about something that will truly last and protect your loved ones along the way? I'm talking about life insurance. I called Select quote to secure our coverage and couldn't believe how easy and affordable it was. I'm 40 and my $500,000 policy was only $16 a month. My husband's also 40, and his $500,000 policy was only $18 a month. And with their same day coverage, there was no medical exam required. And, we were covered by the time we hung up with monthly payments, less than the cost of a bouquet of flowers. This is the perfect time to make sure your family is protected. For Your free quote, go to select quote.com. Select quote.com. That's select quote.com. It's never too late. To secure affordable coverage through select quote, show your loved ones, they're your top priority by protecting their future. Go to select quote.com to get your free quote today. Details on example, rated@selectquote.com


on The starting quarterback for the number one, Texas is still undecided, heading into the matchup against Mississippi State. Their first SEC game in the SEC, right? Remember, they played Alabama, but they were not members of the SEC. This is the first SEC matchup as a member of the SEC sarc said, today we're going to decide on the quarterback thing tomorrow, right? It won't be a secret, but we're not trying to pull the wool over anybody's eyes. Just want to give Quinn every opportunity to see if he's ready to play and what he looks like. Ocho, what You got? I mean, listen, if Quinn, if Quinn is ready to go, you know, if he's not healthy, if he's not a hundred percent no, don't, don't, I, I wouldn't risk it.


We still have a long season to go. You're in the number one spot. I would let, I would let little, little, little Manning. Little Manning play. One more game Arch. Yep. Little arch play one more game. And make sure Quinn is ready to go the following week. No, no need to risk injury. No need to risk further injury. No need to risk another setback. You know, you guys have this Texas have something special right now. They got something special right now. And you, you are challenging Alabama and maybe Georgia, you know, winning that national championship don't, don't play. I agree. Especially not at the quarterback position. Do not play After 16 years in the NBA former MVP point guard Derrick Rose is retiring from the league legend, the number one overall pick in 2008 NBA draft.


The Chicago native Simeon High School made his mark for seven years with his hometown team from Rookie of the Year to all star to the youngest MVP in league history. The first three years of Rose rear was unmatched lifting Chicago to his best season. Since Jordan, his 36 point playoff debut in 2009 with Electric as he took the bull, took the defending champs Boston Celtics to a seven games thrilling first round series ocho. What do you look when you, when someone asks you, Vince, Five Years, 10 years from now, what is D Rowe's legacy? What are you gonna say? Listen, one of the greatest to ever play this game, one of the most explosive, one of the most entertaining players I've ever seen ever, you know, before injury punk, we talk about box office man on CTV before the injuries, man, stop playing.


And you know, I don't even watch basketball like that until we started the show. So I'd be able to talk about it. So if I know, if I know Prime D Rose before the injury and I don't even watch the game, I would tune it in just to see buddy play. When Ja Morran play before we started doing the show, I was watching because at a certain level of excitement that those individuals bring to the game, He was that athletic, he was that first true athletic I'm talking about that could play above the realm. Yeah. You got that later with Russ. Yeah. You got that later with Ja Morant. But, but D Rose could play above the rim. Yeah. All the, the spin, the, the, the, the the the up and under.


Yeah. The being able to finish, he was special. I'm gonna look back and say, man, what could have been, what could have been Ocho. Yeah. What Without the injuries, what could have been without the injuries? Yeah. I mean he, I mean the youngest MVP, but those injuries robbed him of his explosiveness and he did an unbelievable job, la playing more. But, you know, to hear the stories of what it took for him to get back. Right. Just to get back and just what it took for him just to go play the game, the, the two hours, the three hours of getting ready just to go play a game every 82.


I'm, I'm, I'm happy that he was able to play as long as he did. Yeah. He won an MVP. He's the youngest MVP. But you always stayed back like damn Well could have been. How good, how special could he have been? Well, how, how do, how do basketball enthusiasts because he wasn't able to, to win a title. What, what do they rank him as, as as when it comes to the great player that have played this game? Well, I, I think now I don't look, he would, he would of his generation. But I think when you go back and look at it, I don't, I don't think they're gonna, you know, is he a top 50 player?


No. There's too many, there's too many guys in front of him. Could have been. Absolutely right. Absolutely. Absolutely. Like I said, he, he was that guy that brought in that athletic point guard. The Russell Westbrooks. The Ja Morant. Right. Guys that could play above the rim because before that, all the guys that just passed the ball, now Kevin Johnson could play above the rim. I don't know if you remember KJ played with the Phoenix son. Of course. Playing with the sons. Yeah, yeah, yeah. kj. Now KJ had ups, kj, KJ had, KJ had some crazy, I remember he, he dunked on, he jumped, he dunked on Dream. But, but that D Rose when he put it behind his head and dunked on Steve Nash.


Yeah. I don't know. No, I don't know what was Nashville thinking? I don't know what he was thinking. So, but he should, he should have, he should have never, never, never ever left his feet on that. He should have just, when he dunked it, just got the ball, take it out of bounds and bring it back. Yeah. That was Dage. No, that was, that was Dage. That wasn't Nash. It was there go and Dage that he dunked on. Oh yeah. I don't, I definitely don't know what he was thinking. Oh, he thought he was gonna block it. Nah, absolutely not. And because did he forget that? He forgot that Derrick Rose is a two foot jumper. So he's like Dominique Wilkins, he jumps off both feet.


You can't let, you can't let him stop like that. You can't let him. Oh no. I don't know what he was, he was thinking he'd have lost all his mind, Man. Him and him and Rush got bounced out this world. Not ja, not to be that tall. Lou, what you think about Ja? Oh, Jack, man, listen Man. Having watched him in person Yeah. Several times. Boys man, that, look man, that joker got, Ooh, Them boys play DI mean, I joke like he got springs in his feet. They they play different. Yeah. Man. Play Different. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Very, Very, very explosive. You know, taking people off the dribble, man, I'm just, man, nasty, nasty work.


I saw kj, a couple of Kevin Johnson a couple weeks ago. Rob Poka said LeBron James was trash talking Bronny. There we go. Let's, let's take a listen to what Rob had to say about this scrimmage, about this practice. Maybe the challenges on, on Bronny when, like in our pickup game, I think it was yesterday or two days ago, he got switched on to LeBron. LeBron took in baseline and up and under off the glass and the words exchanged afterwards were probably more challenging than anything else. What if, what if, what if LeBron hit a baseline, jump on and hit a jump on, like, you can't f with me. Yeah. I mean, that's what's gonna happen. You know, all this fair. Oh, I'm sorry.


I'm sorry, dad. Oh, I mean, I'm sorry. LeBron. Listen, all his fear and love and war, especially once, once you touch that court all be, you are not, you're not my son. Once we taught that, once we Touch, no, I'm talking about Bronny. Oh, Bronny. Oh man. He finna get that work every time he, but man, Brony finna get that work every time. You know, bro, don't play. But once you touch, once you touch that hardwood son or not, you finna get that work. You know? He Not, I definitely dunk about Oh yeah, for sure. Man. I could imagine, man. Just, I was gonna dunk on my brother had he not moved out the way in the pickup game. I, I definitely was Letting, letting it fly.


What? Yeah, But he was smart. He was smart enough to realize Nah. Got out the way. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I think that that's gonna, I mean, can you imagine Ocho just imagine you playing football, right? You Were why receiving your son a db? Mm. Or you a DB and your son a wide receiver. That's dope. You a offensive lineman, your son a defensive line. Ooh, that's dope. And the funny thing is, I don't know if it's possible in the NFL. Yeah, no. It's a difficult feat. It's a Difficult, you could probably do it. You could obviously you can do it in basketball. Yeah. Because LeBron is the first time you can do it. In baseball, we saw Griffey Senior and Griffey Jr. You can do it in hockey. The Hulls Brett and Bobby.


Yeah. But not football. You can't, it's, it's two 50. You can't last. You can't last long time. You can't last. I mean the, the to last 24 years. Yeah. I mean, LeBron to play. No. Hell no. And then, like I said, you have to have a kid early on. Early enough Yeah. To pull his off. And, but, and the thing is, with football, you gotta go at least three years baseball unless you come out the draft. The thing was, Griffey was the number one overall pick. Right. And he didn't spend a whole lot of time in the miners. So he rattled up. And maybe if he'd spent an extra time in the miners, it would've never happened. But I think the Rangers, they released him so he'd have an opportunity to play with his son with the Mariners.


That's right. So I, because I think that's, that's kind of, that's kind of how it happened. It wasn't like his dad was already on the Mariners. I think he got released or, or, or something like that. That they, I think it was the Rangers that did it. I remember having a conversation with Griffey a couple years ago. I think that's what hap happened. Well, every time you mention baseball, I always think about it. In my days when I was on, when I was with the Marlins in 97, where I could have been a nice D eight, that's What happened. The Rangers, I think they traded him to the, the, the marital or they released him so he could go sign or something like that.


But it, it was a way to go. Now it's time OCHO for one of our favorite segments of the day. Q and a Q and A. Wait, what, what time is it? 10 o'clock. 10 almost 10 o'clock Over there at one here? Yeah. My, my flights six in the morning. I gotta wake this one up. Pack her stuff, man. It's hell over here, boy. Brandon. The Holman said, I've been waiting on y'all since Tuesday. Up your own words. Two things can be true. Joe B played well against Washington and he lost LeBron played well in 18 finals. When he dropped 50, he dropped 51.


And yes or no, we surprise Ocho. What do you think? Shout out Dublin, Georgia. What up Lawrence County? That's what's up. Right on 16. I used to stop at the McDonald's in Dublin. And the VA hospital is also in Dublin. My grandfather used to spend, my grandfather was in the military. And so he always went to the VA hospital in Dublin. And so we would always stop in Dublin at that McDonald's right there. That was also a drop off point. Me and my son's mom would, she would like drive him halfway. She'd drive to Dublin. I would drive to pick him up and bring him home, bring him to my grandmother's house when my mom was in town if she didn't stop in and pick him up.


So yes, Brandon, two things can be true. LeBron did play well in the 18 finals. But boy, I sure wish J Jr because I, I hated Brandon. Lemme tell you why I hated it. Because we robbed of that great moment. Mm jr lost track of the time. He thought they had a lead. Oh, This, this moment we went like this. Yeah, okay. Yeah. And he didn't shoot the basketball. But yeah, two things can, can absolutely be true. I think the difference is, is like LeBron, I don't know if LeBron could have played any better than what he played, but at the end of like the quarterback position is like the red zone was the only issues that I had is that they went two for four and the other team went three for three.


And you understand in situations like that, that how the game is gonna shape out. You're like, damn man, they just went down. That's a rookie. And they just went down there with ease and scored on us. Like, okay, damn, he oh, oh I gotta get on my horse now. Yeah. Yeah. Kicking Field goals is not gonna be enough because you see that your defense isn't holding up the par. Yeah, but you know what, Brandon, you're absolutely right. LeBron did play well enough, but you know what, just didn't get it done. Damn. Not that we was gonna win that game. That was just one game. They were gonna win the series. They were not beating Golden State. Even if they won game one, they wasn't beating them three more times.


Yeah. It's very disappointing. I saw that spoon. Theresa Witherspoon. She was A-W-N-B-A player. Unbelievable player. She got, she got terminated today from the Chicago Sky. I don't understand that decision. I don't know what they were expecting. Angel got, got, got injured late in the season. You know, look, I I I think it's, it's a blessing and a curse because, you know, sometimes you look at, well, Kaitlyn Clark got a team pro. That's, that's different. You can't judge your, your team's success by somebody else's success. Right. I can't look at me and say, well because such and such did this, I'm a failure. Their success is not indicative.


It's not reflective on me. Ocho Uhuh Not at all Two things. I mean, it, it could, I mean like, damn man, Gronk was better than you. Okay. Gronk is better than me, Kelsey, whomever you say. But it doesn't minimize what I've done. You right. So I I don't, I don't get, I don't get that decision. I don't, I don't understand that. I thought you was doing a great job one year. I don't know what they expected. Y'all expect them to, to be the number one seed to beat the ACEs beat the liberty. Right? I mean I I don't really know what you were expected. What was the expectations when you gave her the job this year? What was the expectations? And I can assure you she would've not left the New Orleans Pelicans in her role if she knew she was only gonna get one year.


Yeah. Yeah. To try to turn this thing around. Yes. That's messed up. That's messed up. So Yeah, it's it. I don't get it. Sheldon Pope, you think the ACEs will one another, tie a ring this year? It's gonna be tough because they've got to go through the Liberty. The Liberty was the best team. They got a nice squad. They got John Quel Jones, they got Stewart. We know what Stewart Stewart might be the most accomplished collegiate woman's basketball player in the history of the game. Okay. She won four national championships. Ocho, she was four times most outstanding player. She was a multiple time national player of the year. She's won two league MVP. She's finals MVP, she's, she's what, two gold medals I think now.


So she's one to be more accomplished. She might be the most accomplished collegiate women player when you look at the totality of what she's been able to do. And you got John Quail Jones who is a, a, a former MVP. You got anco who's who scored 39, 30, 60 the other night. The road is a lot more difficult. I just saw Collier. Nisha just hit 42. Right. They got the work cut out for her, but they got the team. Chelsea seems to be getting back. I just wish Chelsea great, the point guard. I just wish she was totally healthy. Seemed like she's rounding her way back in. 'cause she came in late. She heard a bit when I saw her. I saw her right before they got ready to take off for the Olympics.


And hopefully because she's gonna be the key Asia. Asia gonna be Asia. Yeah. Oh, always JP Kelsey Plums gonna be Kelsey Plum, Jackie Young. But they need Chelsea, they need Chelsea to give them that 12 to 15, 9, 10 dimes. And I think they'll be fine. But you know, I I I think if she, if she is, if, if, if, if, if Chelsea can be consistent Right. Because she Oh she can ball. Don't let her play at the Olympics. Don't let that what you be, let let that be the impression that she, you think she is.


Yeah. It's hard to get a rhythm because you try to play everybody. She was just coming back off a major injury 'cause she missed almost half of the w the WNBA season and to get a rhythm back. Now next year I expect to see the Chelsea Gray that I saw the previous years. Right. Years. That's, that's what I expect to see. But Asia, she gonna be sensational. She she's going to give you what she normally does. 25 to 30, 10 to 13 rebounds. They assist the steals the block shots. The question is, can they make enough threes kp they gotta do a great job over their school.


'cause she can let the three, they got two bigs. Right. They gotta keep John Quell and, and, and Stewy off the glass. But I'm, I'm excited, I'm excited to see this matchup. I'm excited to see this matchup dipping to McGee. What's up uncle? No, you, I was warning if you guys had a favorite player route player to run. Thank you guys for many hours of enter entertainment. Ojo. What was your favorite route? Shoot, I right, I'm on the left. Two, two Xs. Ojo was the X receiver. I was The x anything bump and run Slant hitches where, you know, hitches converting the fades. Dig routes, curls.


I, I I I ain't even care. I I didn't even care. My, my favorite is, I hate, I mean office is is is easy. But I, I had such a level of comfort in man to man. I used to come out the huddle on sometimes used to be so funny. I I had no mouthpiece and I called the dude up. I'd be motion him for him man, come up here and play press Don't worry about it. Don't worry about whatever defense y'all in. Just come up on a come on up here and press I I know I just, the route, the route combination didn't matter. I, I prefer to be by myself. Even if they doubled. I, I didn't really care, But I probably caught more flanker drives two Jet flanker Drive X comeback.


I probably caught that route more. Maybe the stick Right. I love Tiger Far cross solo. Right, tiger Far cross. I mean look, I like getting down the field. Yeah, that's what I like. Hey, all that little short fish and I was a deep sea fisherman. All that little short fisherman, all that little short stuff that shallow cross now That's fine. I caught a bunch of shallow crosses. Little stick route. What the defense called yogis. I caught that. Man. Send me down the field. Let me get to the seams. Right. Let me get to the far cross. Let me get that seven, That corner route. Yeah. Now I did like when they, when they call X open, they call her, you know, call, call her.


You know y skinny Woo. Yeah. I did all that. No show. Yeah. Oh, I run the comeback. Run the dig, run the dagger. Yeah. I did all that. Yeah, for sure. Oh yeah. Tight that I I I seen you. I seen you. Yeah, I seen you. Now. Those were the days, man. I, I don't even know. I could run. I probably couldn't run. I probably couldn't run 10 yards. I ain't lying. I couldn't, I I ain't lying. I ain't in no hurry. Hell no. Talking about you, you, you're effing slow. I like ain. You like, like that grocery store going somewhere.


They moving, they closing. They gonna be right there. Yeah. Our far Hey Shaa and Ocho. Chad. She, Chad Johnson. She'll be on ESPN. Oh oh. I'll be there in a minute. Hold your horses baby. Yeah, Yeah. I'm like, I mean they're the same people. The same person. So hold your horses. But I guess I get what you said. I'm coming. Yeah. Just gimme a minute. I'll be there. I got this. You got chat. Y'all gotta understand. I actually, I I be, y'all think I be playing? I got 37, 38, 11 jobs. Like literally. Yeah. You got a bunch of them.


I Got a lot of them. And it's only six months out here so I gotta, I gotta take my time now. I can't overdo it. Nah, you can't.


Riding a see do has a different meaning for each of us and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 Sea-Doo models and find what you've been searching for. Sea-Doo. Find your water visit. See dow.com or find a dealer near you.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more. Check out bows.com.


We all know just because gifts for loved ones can look like flowers a spa day or maybe even planning date night. But what about something that will truly last and protect your loved ones along the way? I'm talking about life insurance. I called Select quote to secure our coverage and couldn't believe how easy and affordable it was. I'm 40 and my $500,000 policy was only $16 a month. My husband's also 40 and his $500,000 policy was only $18 a month. And with their same day coverage, there was no medical exam required. And, we were covered by the time we hung up with monthly payments, less than the cost of a bouquet of flowers. This is the perfect time to make sure your family is protected. For your free quote, go to select quote.com. Select quote.com. That's select quote.com. It's never too late. To secure affordable coverage through select quote, show your loved ones, they're your top priority by protecting their future. Go to select quote.com to get your free quote today. Details on example rate@selectquote.com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video this Thursday. It's an NFC South Battle. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers face. The revamped Atlanta Falcons join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this crucial divisional matchup. You know what's crazy about the Bucks is most people, when Brady retired wrote him off. I know I was guilty, but Todd Bowles has proven pretty good. Head Coach Jason Light, one of the best GMs in the NFL. And let's face it, the bucks are just good. The Falcons not so sure. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Atlanta. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bucks and Falcons at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night Football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Why does this room look amazing? What'd you change? Oh, I just got these custom shades from blinds.com. It's all online so it's really easy. Great price too. Ugh. I remember shopping for blinds. I waited around all day just to get a quote. Hi. Sorry I'm late. I know you said just the bedroom, but what do you feel about this bathroom? I feel like I had to say yes just to get rid of her. All right. Just go ahead and sign here and we'll get everything taken. Care it took forever. And the worst part, hidden fees. How about you? I chatted with my blinds.com design consultant on my time, got free samples and it was all super high quality at a great price. Plus they make it easy to DIY or add installation like I did. Blinds.com sounds way better. Way better. And everything comes with their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Plus, check this out. I can control them from my phone. Whoa. Magic Shop lines.com for up to 50% off site-wide and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. lines.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Oh yeah. JJ Carver said, give your spouse the blueprint on how to love you. Don't make them guess and just ask How can you, how can I, how can I love you today? Hmm. I like that one thing. One thing about that asking how I can love you today will change. It will change next week. That's okay because I'm changing too. Because, because what, what got me going today? Ain't gonna get me going tomorrow. Yep. Ex. Exactly. So that's the question you gonna have to always keep asking over and over and over. 'cause whatever answer they give you on Monday, by the time they get to Friday, it's gonna be something completely different. Ocho Yeah. Don't worry about the same results gonna happen.


But it might be it's going down Every time. Yeah, that is. I mean, you know, the thing is is that I like that They, they they what? What you like I like what you like doing. Yeah. You like I do whatever. What? Well, hey, do what you do. Yeah. You know I love it. Oh, we, we should have pulled it up because the guy was saying we done Well I sent you the store. We gonna have, we gonna, we gonna pull it on Sunday? Yeah. I'm gonna send it to ask you. We'll have it loaded up about the guy said that when you fly girl out, you take on Vacation. Oh, save it. Say that. Say that. Yeah. That's a good one. Every boy. Yeah, that's a good, oh that's a good one.


PV Farm said would y'all rather erase your worst memory or relive? Relive the best one Big shout out to y'all. Oh, erase my worst one. Damn. Nothing. Yeah. Erase Erase the first erase, erase the worst one. Absolutely. Hell yeah, bro. People don't believe when I, this losses hurt more than the wins feel good. Yeah. Yeah. I mean look, look I won three Super Bowls. The three Super Bowls that I won still does not bring the kind of pain and disappointment and sadness and anguish like losing the Jacksonville in the division around the playoffs. Woo. And I won three Super Bowls.


I know that. I won 12 playoff games in a row. Y'all lost? Y'all lost the Mark Brune then. Huh? We did Jimmy and, and Keenan. Natron means Fred T or Fred T. No, Natron was there. Fred was Fred. Fred T came later. Yeah, I played against Fred T. Yeah, but Fred wasn't there. Natron means was was the running back Then. Okay. Well them boy was nice boy. Oh They were. And that's why when I heard Shaq, Sean Kahn, the owner say, this is the most talented Jacksonville. I said, man, you watch your mind. That is, that team that you got ain't even close. It ain't close to none of those teams for like 95, 96 to like 2001 even Close. They're most talented. Yes. Talented at what position?


None. None, none. He own the team, Not the quarterback. You damn sure ain't good at the receivers. Oh. Do they realize how good Jimmy and Keenan was? I don't think they, they probably don't. They probably don't. Okay. And then you had, you had a belli. What line were you got B'S in the hall of Fame. Had he not got injured? I don't know really. People realize how good Belli was. Yeah, Tony Belli was nice. Boy, you were nice. Y'all don't know what I'm racing. Get outta here. They talking about we know what Uncle Ra, y'all don't know nothing but y'all close.


Ion said who's gonna have a better game? Hertz or Stroud? Where's this game being played in Philly or Houston? Yeah. That's, that's gonna, that's gonna be a good one. But hey listen, Strider have a good game, but they can run the goddamn ball. That goddamn Jalen Carter showed up last week. Boy, I Don't know. I don't know what the hell he ate before that game. My goodness, boy, he, he, he was disruptive. If him and Jordan, if him and Jordan David get on the same page and figure it out right now. Sh Man, stop playing What he's saying. Who's gonna have the better game? Oh Joe. He's saying who's gonna have the better game? They're not playing but who do you think, oh, who's Texans playing?


Okay, the Texans play the Jags. Right. Oh, And the Eagles at home. I got, I got the T. Oh i CJ Stroud, I got I y'all back. Yeah. I am thinking Stroud boy. Jacksonville. Hey the Jacksonville. What's the guy that bet that the D lineman that they took outta University of Georgia, number one overall, they probably kicking themselves because Aidan Hutchinson, he been kicking ass. Aiden Hutchinson balling boy. Yeah, Walker Kv. Is it Kayvon Walker? No, Trayvon Trayvon Walker. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Trayvon. See you Ocho, a lot of times you have to be careful because when you look at all those other first round picks and the guy just flashed when he is only playing 20 plays a game.


Right Now you asking him to play 40 plays. 50 plays. Right. Can't he hold up? Mm. So you got Jordan Davis, you got the, the line, the D lineman that went to Green Bay number one, you got the Kobe Dean, you and all those guys. Right. And so you like, okay bro, he, he, he, Hey he ain't cutting it right now. You still early? He he early. He still early but hey, he, he, he need to do, he gotta, he come, come, come on with it now. Yeah. It's time. It's time to show up. OKT Ocho, what's your best memory with Chris Henry on off the field? Oh Man.


My best memory often my, my best, honestly my best memory with Chris Henry ain't even on the field. It's training camp during Ustream. I'm sure y'all could probably still pull that up man. Me and Chris used to be on Ustream in training camp in a, in a little dorm room. We used to be in Georgetown. Man, that's one of my best memories, man. But that's one of the few times I heard Chris talk. Chris, don't really talk. You know, he was quiet, man. Chris was really quiet, man. That's one of one of my favorite memories, man, is I know there has to be. I don't know if y'all remember Ustream. I used to Ustream back in the day, which would be equivalent to like, like going live on Instagrams. Yeah. And oh man, I used to, I remember me and Chris used to sit there and stream on U Stream and that, that was so dope.


And that was so dope. I wonder if I could probably find the videos again, and if anybody in the chat can find those old videos, man, just, just post it to me on Twitter and maybe in my, in, on my DM on Instagrams so I can see it again. 'cause I, I haven't seen it since then. And one, that's one of my favorite memories, man. Damn Stacks. 4, 4, 8 saying, Hey Uncle Ocho, can you shout out my girlfriend Lily? She's a senior at G Dub handling her biz. She's also a choreographer. Can you wish her luck on her future endeavors? Also, shout out Ocho, we're birthday twins. Lily, your boyfriend stacks 4, 4, 8. Lily wants to wish you a, he wants to give you a shout out. That's it. Nothing more. Just a shout out because he's proud of you.


He said you handle your business at gw, I'm assuming that's George Washington. And she says, you also a choreographer. So hopefully whatever you have planned in your future, hopefully it works out and hopefully stacks you stay beside her. You stand by her side and let her know she's always got somebody in her corner. So Lily from UNC OCHO at Nightcap, congratulations giving you a shout out. All the best movies forward. Yes, sir. Besides Thompson said, can you tell my fiance happy birthday? Devonte. Devonte, your fiance says happy birthday. She's proud of you. And hopefully you guys have many, many more birthdays to share together.


Let this be the, let this be the final one. That you guys are not a couple, that you're not a union, that you're not. Man and wife. Husband and wife. Hmm. So I'm proud of you guys much love, much success. And keep us updated when the nuptials take place, chop it up. Witty. Oh, I think Nightcap live stream of you and Ocho giving live commentary while watching NFL games will go crazy. Would y'all do it? I don't really like talking with the game on. I be talking, I be going crazy curse Thinking I'm crazy here Ocho, I curse too damn much, man. That's why I couldn't, that's why I don, I don't be cursing, but I be, I couldn't, y'all know my patience, so, Hey, I couldn't do no play by play.


They had me goddamn booth. Man. I the fuck y'all. Oh shoot. My bad. Yeah. I couldn't do no play by Play. Yeah, we could do it. Yeah, we could do it. I think there would be like a couple of some opportunities, but the right opportunity needs to come. Yeah, Right. Opportunity comes. I think that's something we'll throw our hat into. Hey, can you imagine me, you, me and you calling the game on cb? No, I don't wanna call no game. No. Hell no, Man. That'd Be dope. I just wanna be watching it because, because the oh show you gotta study. I ain't trying to do no film study. I got enough on my plate. Right, right, right. With 40, with four shows of this taping, one to two shows of Club Sheha and, and first take and taking meetings.


Well, Ash take a lot of the meaning, but she give me, she gives me a, a, a synopsis, a summary, right? No. So I do, I be watching the game on mute. I do, I do. I I don't everybody hate it, but I watch TV like that Ash come over here. Can we watch this out? I was like, well, I'm going upstairs. You, you have the TV in the entertainment room. I'm going upstairs because I don't want to hear it, man. Guys, we wanna thank you so much for joining us tonight. Thanks for staying up. I know the game wasn't the greatest, but, you know, I mean, but look, it's a game.


I mean, it's football, it's NFL football. I, I know we wanted it to be entertaining and you know, scored and, but hey, the Cowboys said some We get, Yeah, yeah. The Cowboys win 20 to 15 over the Giants move to two and two. The Giants fall to one and three. Now they have 10 days off to re regroup. Any injury, any bumps and bruises, you got some extra time off. So they'll probably have Friday, Saturday, Sunday off, come in Monday, get some treatment, get some running in Ocho, you get Tuesday off and then you right back at it on Wednesday. Oh yeah. So congratulations to the Dallas Cowboys. They win 2015 over the Giants.


Guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite uncle Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. Liberty City's own, the Pro Bowler, the All pro, the Cincinnati Bingo legend Ring of Fame Honoree. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can just call him Ocho guys. Make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from and remember every subscriber matters. Thank you guys for supporting not only Ocho and myself on Nightcap, but the support and love that you've given me with Club Shehe. You follow me? A lot of you guys are, follow me from CCBs to FS one. Now, the first take, and I do my own thing digitally, guys, thank you for being rock solid in my corner and I really, really appreciate that.


'cause I know those that rock with me rock with me all the time and I appreciate that. Please make sure you go check out Shaa by La Portier if you don't have it in a city or state near you. We're gonna be in about 14 to 16 states by the end of the year, but if we're not there yet, you could order it from our site and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please make sure you go follow my co social media, my media company page, that's Shesha Media on all platforms and my clothing company 84, the on and ocho ts are back in stock. I repeat the UNC and Ocho ts are back in stock. And, if you ordered merch in the last three weeks, it started shipping out this week. Thank you guys for the support for the, for the merch.


Thank you guys for supporting us on Nightcap. Thank you for supporting me on Club Shesha. First take Nightcap, wherever you supported me, I greatly, greatly appreciate that. I'm, I'm humbled and I'm honored. Again. The Cowboys beat the Giants 2015 Cowboys two and two giants fall to one and three. I'm up. He's Ocho. We're Nightcap. We'll see you Saturday. The Volume.


Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from With new game releases each week, play for free anytime, anywhere. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, join me in the fun. Sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The Hollywood Reporter is the definitive source of entertainment news where we tell the entertainment stories insiders need to know and deliver Hollywood culture to those who crave it. Stay in the know of all the entertainment, news and updates you'd ever need with a Hollywood reporter. Go to thr.com for round the clock, breaking news, film and TV reviews, original video content, and continuous coverage of business, lifestyle, and entertainment stories. Visit thr.com and follow us on all social platforms at Hollywood Reporter for your daily dose of entertainment news.


The Fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays 'cause ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastor Dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in beef head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're going to be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds To have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For More, check out bs.com.