
ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Good job. Thanks.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit snh u.edu today to get started.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


Where'd You get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Lights are going up, snow is falling down. There's a feeling of good wind around town. It could only mean one thing. Make RIB is here. People throwing parties, ugly sweaters everywhere. Stockings hung up by the chimney. With care, it could only mean one thing. Make Rib is here at Participating McDonald's for a limited time.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customer bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


As a former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine, or the smooth ride, BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to BMW usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the All electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experience in luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm also a row sponsor. Row sparks are amazing for guys who wanna boost in the bedroom because they work fast and last long. Listen, we're about to get a little explicit. So you heard it from me. Maybe you heard too much from me how much I love row sparks, but I'm not the only one. These reviews are for grown folks. Only one person said while my wife and I went on vacation for five days. I used roast sparks a couple times and we had fun nine times fun in that week alone. Okay, cut. How's I talking about that? What I'm talking about right now? That's him. Another customer said, boom, I'm Superman. I carry roast sparks in my pockets at all times. Full stop. And lastly, someone says, I'm not bragging, but my wife actually tamped out for the first time in years. Cause you the UFC made a give it up if prescribed. You get $15 off your first order of medication to get hard. Connect with a provider, hundred percent online road Nightcap to find out if Rose Marks are right for you. That's rococo slash Nightcap.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite of Shannon Sharp. He is Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friends, and loved one to do. Likewise guys. Thank you. And go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you Ocho and I and everybody at Nightcap. Thank you for your continued support. Without you, there can be no us. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. Holidays are upon us. What better way to celebrate the holidays than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter.


Now if you can't find any city or state near you, just reach out, order it, we'll ship it directly to you in one more favor, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. Our newest release dropped last week. We got t-shirts, sweats, we've got stocking stuffers that includes beanies, cruises, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you get yours. Wild supplies last, resale tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first tour stop are now on sale. You can find the link on all our social pages. The artist presale code N as in Nancy, S as in Sam, F as in Frank, and W as in William, NSFW.


That is the code. Tickets officially go on sale tomorrow, Monday, December night at 10:00 AM central time. Why we just can't say like 11:00 AM Eastern time. I mean, I don't know who got cute with this bullshit, but, but okay, we, we decided, oh, so the chief survived with a joint game winning field goal to defeat the chargers 19 to 17. This is Kansas City's ninth consecutive a FC West division titles. And it came courtesy of a do field goal.


Yeah, Ocho look. Yes, yes, there are, you know, luck is what happened with preparation meets opportunity. But if you look at it the third down, I mean, Mahomes running for his life the whole night. Ocho ain't a whole lot of quarterbacks can do what he's doing because he jumping, throwing the ball. Ocho, right? He's run, he's getting outta harm's way scrambling d different arm angles. Yeah, he is. Yeah. And, and you know, you're like that final drive that do. But if he doesn't make the plays that he's making on second down, on third down, right? They're not even positioned to get a joint attempt at a field goal, right? Let alone that situation. That third down, I mean, they kick me off with some of the, they got a third and one and they throw a pass and then they come out the next recession and they run it on first and 10.


Why didn't you just run it? The, you know, the, the fact that they're trying to throw everything off. They're trying to keep the charges unbalanced. They're trying to keep 'em un unbalanced. What you think we're gonna, what you think we're gonna do based on our normal tendencies? If you, if you studied and watch film, we gonna do the opposite. Yep. We gonna do the opposite. 31. You think we running with the ball right up the gut with Pacheco? We're not, you know what? Not gonna throw it this time. Yeah, it's 37. You think we throwing the ball now? You know what? We gonna hand it off to Pacheco right up the eight, the eight gap, the big gap. I'm like, what the hell is y'all throwing? Yeah, I was asking myself that very question. I looked at a sta ocho at one point in time the chiefs had, chiefs had nine 19 pass attempts.


They had given up three sacks and 12 pressures. So only four times had Mahomes had a clean pocket. You look at the total yards, the charges had 2 88, the chiefs had 2 98, the charges had 94 yards rushing. The chiefs had 96 yards rushing. Now you see why the game was close because look at the stats. The stats were basically, yeah. So now basically you got, you're dealing with a 12 yard, 12 yards of separation between the two teams, right? Therefore, you're gonna get a game like this. But Mahomes is always really good when he has to be good. And that's the mark of a great win matters, folks.


That's it. Ocho, every time. Hold on. Oh, I, I gotta understand, you know, sometimes, sometimes, you know, sometimes you slip up, but he not having any slip ups, every game, every time, every call is going your way. The ball is bouncing your way e every time can somebody else get something? You gonna have to listen. You don't want it to be a one possession game because you know, you don't feel comfortable. He's Tom Brady, you better, you Hey, with two minutes left in the game, you need to be up by 21 points against the the Patriots because if it's a one possession game and he needs a field goal to beat you, oh, he a field range.


If he touchdown to beat you nine times outta 10, it was gonna happen. Right? And that's what we're seeing with Patrick Mahomes. Yes. Yes. I mean we've, I look you talking about 14 years of playing, 20 years of covering it. Another 12 years of watching it as a, you know, as a kid, oh, I ain't never seen nothing like this, man. Nah, I ain't never seen nothing. Like I ain't, I ain't gonna sit here and lie and say, oh I, this one team had no, even the Patriots and the Patriots used to get breaks, but not all these breaks in one season they might have get by four or five breaks one season, four or five breaks the next season. But like they got 10 breaks in one season consistently back to back in one season, back to back.


Yeah. It's, it's, it's unbelievable what they're able to do. Look what can, what it's not so much the offense because look, the offense is, and this is a fine way to play, but you see your, the defense is starting to, is starting to show some wear Ocho that back end. Yeah. That back end is can, can be had. And now fans has to bring pressure in order to He he well he they ass. And now listen, go ahead. Speaking on tonight's game. Listen, the fact that Quinn Johnson Smart Jordan Palmer, they have to be better. Tonight's game, that goddamn pass where Herbert miss the post route, he missed two of those points.


Two of them, right? Yep. That's 14 points. Yep. You can't, you can't miss those passes against team like Mahomes. You have to hit those plays. You hit those plays. That's the difference in the game. I kept saying it to myself. Matter of fact, I'm mad lad McConkey, if you see this, I'm mad at you because if you played, if you played the game would've been different. I guarantee y'all would've won. I guarantee y'all would've won if you had played, you know, they didn't, the receiving court, they stepped up, but they didn't step up to the magnitude they needed to. Well, you just gotta to win the game, you just gotta hit those throws. You gotta make, you gotta make those throws. And we used to say this all the time. When you get the Patriots, you're gonna, they're gonna give you an opportunity.


Now you're not gonna get many of them right. But you gotta catch the ones that you do get get, yeah. And so when you get those opportunities, and those are, those are walk-in touchdowns. That's, that's that's what they are. You don't have to do anything spectacular. You don't ask your guys to make outstanding catches. You don't, Hey, all he did was nod. I don't know why the, I I, I'm thinking the, the, the Mike Backer supposed to continue to run down the hole. I don't know why he stopped right now. I get cook. You got a bite because he runs the seven route. That's your responsibility. Right. So he ran a great route. He got him off his spot. Perfect. You gotta put that on him. Even, even if it's, even if it's not a walk-in touchdown, it's gotta be a 30 40 yard gain.


Ocho. But you can't flat out missing. Listen, if anything, if anything Unth throw at least Yes. Don't miss him. Don't don't miss him Long. Miss him. Short. Miss him. Short. Miss him short. But, but the Kansas City, this is their ninth consecutive a FC West title. They've had a run. I mean, somebody's gonna have to knock 'em off the podium and it's gonna be hard. 'cause look at, look at the Patriots. The Patriots won How many, the Patriots probably won like 18, 19 in Brady's. 20 years. Yep. And so, and Mahomes got at least barring Andrew and everybody hopes that doesn't happen. You're gonna have to play some of your best football to beat him because Kansas City's not going anywhere.


'cause as long as they got him, and you gotta realize he's not even 30 ocho. So you're probably gonna have to deal with this for another decade. Another decade. Now, now, and go ahead. You else they are playing. They, they, they're, they're not playing as efficient offensively and the defense can be had. Yes. So when you play against a better team, a be the only, the only team I think that can give them hell and the a FC is probably the goddamn bills. And the bills already beat 'em. Yeah. Now the pro with the bills playing the Chiefs is the fact that in the goddamn playoffs, the goddamn chiefs are three in one versus the bills as opposed to the goddamn regular season one in three.


Where one in three Exactly. One in four, something like, yeah, I think it's gonna be interesting. They do play the Steelers. So we'll see what they can do with the Steelers defense. Ooh, the Steelers can make plays. The Steelers won. And we're gonna talk about this game later today. Ens didn't play. Yeah. And they still found a way to get 27 points on the board. Yeah. Once he's playing extremely well. I don't know. I don't know if, if, if God was busy and he didn't hear Jamus that he was gonna deliver him from turning the ball over, but for whatever d whatever reason that prayer didn't, that prayer didn't get answered today. So it's gonna be very interesting to see how the, the, the Chiefs match up with the Steelers. What are you doing?


Hey, you cutting the camera tilted, man? Is am I, am I tilted to you? You look tilted. Yeah. Hell, I thought I had vertigo. Damn man. Other way. Yeah. How I look now Tilted man, get it. I'm just gonna have a tilted camera on, but Kansas City wins on a do field goal. They win by 3 19 17. No, they win by two. Excuse me. 1917 Mahomes was great.


He had to come out a game winning drive and he did what he had needed to do. And they win the ninth consecutive division title. And I think they moved to 12 and one. Right. So Yeah, they have four games left. 12 and one. Yep. That's crazy. Next game Chad would really like, yeah, they would like for you to fix that, aren't you, your camera? I mean, it's really crooked, bro. It's like, oh it is. Yes. Hold on, hold on. Y'all. Y'all, y'all been with me? Now is your camera like this? Because that's how it's, it's shooting.


No, no. Dang. You got it sitting on something? Nah, I got on the same thing as always on. I just, I think I I I tightened it down a little. I think I tightened it a little too tight. Yeah, go back, go back, go back. That lead it back. It needs to go that way. It it seems like it's like on Yeah. Nah, you go back a little bit more. Yes. No, too much. Too much, too much. God damn. Boy. You think I ever, you ever think I'd be in a car with you driving this on the interstate, Chad?


Man, y'all think I'm gonna be in the car driving with this dude Here, babe. Hey, hold on. Hey, I'm scared. I'm scared to mess it up. Now. What? You be messing it up. It's already amped up. Damn, I'm, it's like your camera's like this and it needs to be like this. Right. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. At Mercy Chad.


That's the best we gonna get. You know, he ain't, he, he ain't play no Legos. He ain't never built nothing. So he don't really have, you know what, it's, it's, I think it's, I think it's the desk. It ain't me. I'm outta town. I'm not home. I'm in, I'm in, I'm, I'm in Connecticut. So I think it's the desk. The desk is lopsided and it's causing the camera not to be, you know, like, well, they don't have a book, they don't have something that you can put slightly up on it to adjust for it being slightly, I mean, clearly you never had a three-legged table when you was growing up. You didn't have everything was clearly No, actually, actually, actually, actually when I was growing up, we didn't have no tables at all. Matter of fact, when I was growing up, we need to have furniture. Okay, where you at? Yeah, so yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry.


I'm, I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sha. If, if I'm lopsided, if, if anything, if y'all wanna tilt your head to the side a little bit or I til my, I tilt my head to the side. I do the show like this. Ah,


Game on. Because ES esp n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves, then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the, the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep and switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu


This holiday season. Skip the cruise socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo Holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without Compromise Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you re ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


God, I show up, I don't get vertigo watching this. The Rams pull off the upset of the week. The Rams defeat the bills in a 14 in a week 14 thriller as the team combined for 12 touchdowns, 86 points, zero turnovers. And if I'm not mistaken, no sacks. Josh Allen is the second player in NFL history to record three passing touchdowns, three Russian touchdowns in the same game. He joins Hall of Famer, Otto Graham of the Cleveland Browns pulled off the feet when the Browns defeated. They won 56 10 in the N-F-L-N-F-L championship game over the Lions.


The bills allowed scores on six to nine possessions. The rush defense allowed 94 yards rushing in the first half. And the team streak lead team's lead leading 14 game streak of at least one takeaway ended ocho. Yeah. Are you concerned about the bills? Now? You you know what? I'm really not concerned about the bills. I'm honestly, I'm not concerned about the bills. If they were gonna have a game like, like this, let's get it out the way. Now obviously the Rams offense has always been high powered. Kuku are just coming back and just getting into rhythm as far as the off is concerned. So you got a glimpse of what they can do when they are fully healthy.


So I'm not really concerned, you know, with with McDermott and the bills, I think they're gonna be fine. If you look at the number Josh Allen put up today, no turnovers right? Nope, no turnovers today. But he played very, very well for a quarterback that needs, if quarterback that needs to win the game defensively. They gave up what, six to nine? Six to nine possessions? Yep. With what? Touchdown. Yep. Now that's, that's, that's, that's the back end. That's not on Josh Allen. That's not on the bills. That can be fixed because the bill defense is good. Outside of that, I think this, this is the game that got away from it is an upset. I I I consider it a goddamn trap game. I consider the trap game. But if you're gonna lose, let's get it out.


Let's get it outta our system now. Let's get it outta our system now. So we're gonna fix whatever we need to fix before we get to the goddamn playoffs. You know what I think about the, the thing that I think that, look Tom, when I think about Tom Brady, I think the mo the thing that's most impressive about him is not Yeah, he had the Super Bowl. I don't want him to say the most Yeah, seven Super Bowls are impressive. All the records that he has are very impressive. But Tom understood early on in the game what type of game he gonna be. It was gonna be, and you and you, you, you, yeah, he he knew that early, too early. And so knowing that he knew that, you know what guys, we can't have, we can't set up fulfilled goals and we can't miss possessions where we come up empty handed.


Remember Buffalo spotted 'em in 2014, right? So you put yourself behind the eight ball. So now you've gotta hope and your defense is already struggling. The likelihood of your defense shutting him down twice, it'll allow you to get back in the game. And then when you got it, you didn't get a touchdown, you got a field goal. Yeah. So you gotta, you're gonna have to, he's gonna have to be mindful of that. And that's the thing when I'm talking about Joe, Joe, Joe is, is that he knows his defense is terrible. At least, at least Josh was like, man, this is an anomaly. My defense hadn't played this bad all year. Yeah, right. We hadn't played this bad all year. Hmm. Joe knows his from, from the man.


We, we, we going to suck this year. I got to be no surreal talk Joe. Oh, Joe, I man, look here. Not only can I not turn it over Ocho, guess what? I've got to score damn near every possession. Because if we go down, if, if we get the ball first and we don't co score when I come back on the field, we gonna be down points. The question is, how many, is it gonna be three or is it gonna be seven? But we gonna be down points. Ocho and, and, and, and Josh. I mean, look, I mean what he had 420 something yards of total offense just by himself. Ocho crazy work. Six touchdowns. Crazy work. Crazy work.


And, but yeah, you sup you put up numbers like that. You supposed to win the game. You're supposed to win. You should, but you can't spot a team until you can't spot a team. Now you gotta realize you are on the road. Right? You spot a team. 14. You gonna catch him coming now? Oh, trying to come back. Yes. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. And especially if your defense is struggling like they were struggling today. But Ocho said he's not concerned. Josh Allen, I still think he's the MVP front runner, but Saquon is right there on his heels. Josh Allen was 22 or 37. 3 42, 3 touchdowns, zero interceptions, no sacks.


He led him in Russian. 10 carries 82 yards, another three touchdowns. Shakira was five of one for 1 0 6 in the tub. Amarii Cooper played extremely well. Six for nine five. But he did have 14 targets. OCHO, Matthew Stafford was equally as impressive. 23 or 33, 22 touchdowns, zero sacks, zero interceptions hook Naco. 12 buck 62, 1 touchdown. Cooper Cup 5 90, 92, 1 touchdown. Woo. 2, 2 3 for 45. 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2 Might be finest. Dad, county liberty, city legend.


Yeah. That's the game. Look, when I go to a game, that's the kinda game I run. CO2. I ain't gonna lie. Right. Everybody talking about defense and big heads. Damn. The big heads. I wanna see some points on the board. I go to a baseball game, I wanna see 12, 11, I wanna see ten nine. I ain't coming to see no two, one. I ain't coming to see one. Nothing. I, I'm not a purist. I want scores. I want points. NBAI want. You see y'all get up and down. I wanna see a 1 35 to 1 30, 1 31, 1 33. I want points. I ain't trying to see no 85, 90, 85 to 92 ball game. I ain't, I ain't no purist like that. I wanna see points because that's where it's headed. That's what I've grown accustomed to. So now don't pick the game that I come to.


Now all of a sudden y'all can play defense and I gotta watch a, I gotta watch a 10, a 10 to seven ball game or a 10, nine ball game on you. Right. Nah, that ain't for that. That ain't what I'm here for. The Vikings beat the Falcons. Oh, huh? The the who? The Vikings. Well Sam, Donna earned himself a contract boy. It might not be with the Vikings, but he earned a contract with somebody. Yeah, but go ahead. I finish Thes beat the Falcons. He by me Hype. Now the Vikings beat the Falcons 42 20 behind Sam Dole's first five touchdown game. The win was the sixth in a row for Kevin O'Connell's Club who improved to 11 and two Kurt Cousins and his last four games, zero touchdowns, eight INT Ocho.


Sit him down, sit his ass down. Ocho is it time now the only one game back, the one game back at Tampa? Is it time for them to set cousins down and play Pennix Jr. Junior, junior? Listen, understanding the business, understanding the business and how the business works and based on what Kirk Cousins has done in his resume from the past, they probably gonna keep playing it because they only one game back from Tampa. Yes. If it was me, if I was the coach, if my name was Mr. Was was, damn, what's the head coach last name? Oh, I said call back. Oh, you talking about Atlanta Falcons? Yeah. Raheem.


Yeah man, listen, I I was about to say Dko by accident. Yeah. But anyway, listen, if I was Raheem, listen, if we won game back and he playing like that, I'm gonna switch to Pennix anyway. Even though Pennix doesn't have the experience that God Kirk has and Kirk has the goddamn experience and he playing like that. Well hell, I might as well take a goddamn lawsuit. If we gonna lose and lose this way, I'm gonna lose with my rookie. It gets the get some experience. I'm, I'm gonna lose. Well I'm, I'm gonna lose with my, my my my first pick. May he picking the goddamn draft man, Kirk cousin, what is you doing boy? Do you need LASIK or something? Well, he playing maybe, maybe he need lasik. He playing good. He playing bad. I don't know what it is. He playing bad with yo. Ain't no way around it. You playing bad can't, you can't throw four interceptions last week, right?


Yep. You can't throw four interceptions, then you go back, you watch film, you practice all week long and come back the next week and then throw some motherfucking mo something ain't right. You trying to throw the game. You bet, you bet you betting somewhere. You some some ain't. Right. Like, come on now, what you doing? Yeah, like you, you guys, you got we have a playoff opportunity at hand. Yeah. You know, we think well enough to, I mean actually the NFC South is motherfucking horrible. It's honestly, think about it. It's, that's why everybody has a chance. Raheem did say Raheem Moore is the coach.


Raheem did say that cousins is their starting quarterback after the game coach. You know, coaches lie all the time. I coaches are on all the time. I mean, who j didn't Dave Canal just say that, but before he Ben Bryce Young didn't say that, you know, and the next day what, the next day what happened or maybe a few hours later, oh, Sam, I mean, not Sam, Bryce Damnit Bryce. He bitched Bryce and put in the Andy Dalton put in Andy Dalton. Andy Dalton. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I listen, you take anything coaches and own say with a grain of salt, put a grain with a grain of salt. It's now I wouldn't, I I wouldn't be surprised if tomorrow morning, tomorrow morning or maybe Tuesday in, you know, the off day they make a change and the statement comes out pending Junior is now the star quarterback for the Latter Falcons.


I would be very surprised they did that because considering they're only one game back, if they were out, if they were, you know, couple of games back, I see you make that because still Tampa has to play. Tampa has to go to play the Cowboys. They got a tough schedule. It's not like they, they, you know, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out, time out, time out. Did you hear what you just said? What that what you just said Don't even go together. You said said you just said Tampa still gotta play the Cowboys. They do. They got a tough schedule. They do. They got some game on the, the schedule that well, okay, how about you mention the, the mention the tough game, don't mention the Cowboys. How about that? How about that? Okay. And now I'm note disrespected him.


I'm just saying check this out. They got the charges. They got the charges next week. That's a, that's a good game. And then Sunday, the week after that Sunday night, they got the, the, the Cowboys on the 29th they got the Panthers and on the fifth, okay, they got the, they got the Saints. And you know what's funny? What, what the saints are playing really bad right now. You know what's funny is the Panthers are making the game making it a game no matter who they playing. Yeah, we gonna talk about that. Let's say that we gonna, we gonna talk about that 'cause we got some, okay, we got some words. My bad. Legit for leg. Alright. I ain't gonna jump the gun. Yeah. Oh, you talking about Xavier? Yeah. Leg, leg, leg, leg. Sam, Don and the Vikings haven't discussed a long term deal.


They're not, they just drafted a quarterback with would've top 10 pick. What are we discussing? No. Yeah, it's, but it's a good thing though, wrong. It's a good thing for Sam because his resume, the other teams that need a quarterback Yes. The other teams that need a quarterback. So he's setting himself up beautifully. The only problem is depending on where you go, you ain't gonna have no goddamn Jesse Jefferson and Jordan Addison at your motherfucking disposal and Kinon. But that and Aaron Jones the fact that, oh man, shit, but don't get me started bro. So don't get me started by Byer Byer. This is not to don't to take away anything from you Mojo. He's playing don't, don't mess up, mess up his bag, don't mess up his bag, don't mess.


He's playing extremely well. Yeah, he's, there's no denying that. But I hope you got similar weapons. I ain't saying you gotta have those exact weapons, but you better have close to them. Well they, I ain't, I ain't it ain't it ain't too many like 18 and three out there now. Yeah. Ain't too many out there. Like 18 and three. Yeah. Yeah. We'll be at, I'm feeling I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't think I'm not, don't think so. No, I'm not surprised that, I'm not surprised. Minnesota is not thinking a long term deal. Now if they didn't have a quarter, if they hadn't have taken a quarterback in the top 10, okay.


Yeah. Yeah, but when they, whenever they took JJ McCarthy. Okay, I, I get that. But I got a quarterback that's, that's the first round pick that I believe is the quarterback of the future. Why am I gonna give this man a long-term deal? A 40, I mean $40 million. $40 million. Wait a minute. Good question. I got a question for you real quick. Don. JJ McCarthy, what was his injury again? What is his foot? Achilles eight? No, he was, he was it his foot? It might've been. It might've. It might've been. I I I'm not sure what it was on your, don't start me to line. I wanna say it, it was a lower, it was a lower leg. So I don't, I don't know if it was a is a ACL I don't know if it was a foot leg front. I'm not sure because he's so young.


Do you think they need to have security with the way Sam Donald's playing? Do you think they can, they can rely on JJ McCarthy to be the quarterback of the future? I'm not having no $40 million insurance policy. Okay. Okay. I'm I'm just curious. I just wanna know what you Chad, what y'all think Chad remember should the Minnesota Vikings pay Sam Donald so they have a sense of security. Once JJ McCarthy comes back, he tore his meniscus. Oh, okay. Oh, that's not bad. That's not bad. And he young, that ain't, and that's probably his first serious injury. That's not, that's not an ACL, that's not a PCL that's not an achilles, that's not not a patella tendon knock on wood.


I mean, obviously any injury is right. All injuries are are are minor. Right. When they're, they're major, as long as they're on somebody else on you, they're major. Somebody else, they're minor. Right. But he didn't, Hey, like I said, he didn't have, you know, they aired on the side of caution. They like, we got Sam Darnell, we got a guy that's been in the league. We got a guy that we believe we can win with, with the talent that we surrounded him with. You know, you got J Jetta, you got Addison, you got Hawkinson, you got Aaron Jones son. If you don't turn the ball over, if you don't turn the ball over with the defense, the Brian Floyd's got that defense flying around. We, we, we we'll be okay, but you just gotta make sure. Well see that's a good thing.


So see that's a good thing. So it, maybe it's not a bad deal. You can sign, you sign into a short term deal. It don't have to be four, five years. It could be two, it could be two, three years. Listen and allow and allow JJ McCarthy to continue to develop behind of one more year because he hasn't, he hadn't had a chance to develop yet. JJ McCart was gonna be the starter. So injury, you don't wanna throw him out there, huh? After coming out for injury, they was gonna throw him out. They was gonna throw him out there outta college. He was the starter. Yeah, but now, now you behind eight ball times two because now not only do you not, you don't have a year on you belt, you don't have a year on the bill and you're coming back with an injury On top of that. So it's even worse. Lemme ask you a question. How did that, how did that, looking for the Falcons, they gave cur curs all that money and you got Michael Pennix.


So how that looking for them now you just said, now you just said they need to sit cousins down, but he got 80 million, he got 80 million of their dollars over the first No, he got 112 million over the first three years. Okay, well he got 112 million over the first three years. He got eight picks in the last two games. You making my point for me? Now you know that, right? I I But Sam Donner ain't throwing no goddamn interceptions though. Hey, but you I've said that before. He stu before he got on this street. Neither was cousins. Remember Heidi? They I'm just saying that's a very expensive insurance policy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That when you took JJ McCarthy, he was going to be your starter.


You were very impressed with him. Do I believe Donald has played his way into a contract for some team? Yes, absolutely. Yes. I just don't believe This's, Minnesota, that's all I That's fine. Either way to go. He finna get paid. I can tell you that Game on because e espn plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day tip off the best ities with the Spurs and Nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves.


Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film.


Marvel Studio's Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details. You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required. This is it your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults.


You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu This holiday season. Skip the cruise socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo Holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now. This podcast is sponsored by PayPal.


Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice. Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you re ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card.


Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted. Oh Joe, check this out. Sequan Barkley helped the Eagles beat the Panthers 2216. But the past game from Philly is frustrating. Sequan set a new franchise, single season Russian record moving past McCoy's 1,607 yards in 2013. He took over first place midway through the fourth quarter and finished the game with 1,623 yards.


The chance of MVP broke out to his achieve achievement as it was announced in the stadium. It was Saquon's night, 100 yard Russian game this season, which is also the most in Eagle's history. Hertz numbers was pedestrian fourteen twenty one, a hundred and eight yards. AJ Brown had four catches, 43 yards and threw his helmet in anger after three and out. And Devonte Smith have four catches for 37 yards. What do the Eagles need to improve on Brown passing Smith being on the same page, thinking about the same thing. Seeing the right signals just going out. Just going out there and making it work.


Yeah. Oh hold on. Carolina had a 1614 lead going into the fourth quarters. Even as the Eagles reclaimed the lead. Young led the Panthers on a final drive, looked for a brief moment like he had won the game. Xavier Legett appeared to catch the ball in the end zone die. Second D with 52 seconds left. But it turned out it was an incomplete pass as the Panthers fell short on third and fourth downs. Think about what that would've done for a young quarterback. 98 yards. Yeah. One of the top teams in the NC real ocho. We on the road? Yeah. At some point.


Okay, look Ocho and I gave you a pass because you dropped that one and you did this and you say you gotta be a better job now. I'm tired of hearing my fault. I'm tired of hearing my bad. We'll get 'em next time. Well that was the next time. Why you diving for a ball? Oh, Charlie only gotta do it gets run. He, he diving for a ball. He doesn't need to dive for it. It this comfortability, confident confidence is not where it should be. You know, I'm un a little unsure of myself. No, I'm unsure of my hands, so I wanna try to get into my body. Right? Yeah. That's why you see guys jump. I'm like, bro, why you drunk for a ball that's gonna hit you in your chest and you catch it in your bread basket?


'cause I'm unsure. Yeah. So I wanna, I wanna try to get as big a target in front of it as I possibly can. Ocho possibly you can. Yeah. Yeah bro. Yeah. Can you, ocho can you imagine what this would've done not only for Bryce Young, but for this team. They go 98 yards on the road to win the game and upset and upset The best team in the NFC. Well, well that, that's an argument, but that's debatable. But still back to the Eagles. What's going on with the Eagles? Yeah. I mean you're gonna have games like this. You going, you, you, you're going to have games like that. You have, you got two Alphas. What? They're one of the few teams in the NFL and I say this all the time, that have two number ones on their team.


No matter what people may say, two receivers, two different seal sets, they get it one, they get it done two different kind of ways. But it's two number ones. You got two Alphas in Devonte Smith and AJ Brown. But you're going to have games like this. They need to understand that you're gonna have games where you don't have the numbers you want to get. No matter what you do, you're gonna have Jalen, hers are gonna have games like this where the numbers are low. Where you're playing against a team that you think you're supposed to be the Carolina Panthers ain't no goddamn slots no more. They're playing well against everybody. They play, they are to this point. If you're paying attention to them, Bryce Young is playing his ass off. That defense is playing his ass off, which is why the numbers were as low as they were today.


There's a reason why you're gonna have games like this AJ. If Monta Smith, you know it ain't, I know it's about being on the same page. You could be on the same page and no matter which way you flip, if the other team has your number, it ain't gonna work. It's nothing it, it's nothing you can do. You know what's gonna happen next year. You know? You know what's gonna have next week on what? The motherfucking egos gonna go out there and they're gonna have a field day in the passing game. They gonna have a field day in the passing game. It was Quan day today. Well it's gonna be games like this. I've had games like this. TJ and I have had games where we playing a team. Oh man, we finna go out in and have 400 yards, 20 yards of peace receiving and it's gonna be nothing like that. But I understood.


Game to game. It always varies and it always changes. Well you get to a game by saying, aj, you know what, number 11. Well you ain't catching nothing today. We don't care what you do. We gonna let Sequan beat us. If you do it, it's okay. But 11, you ain't getting nothing. There's some team that will do that and don't care nothing about him. AJ saying you keep saying it be games like this, but I see Saquon got 900 yard game. So why he ain't had no games like this? AJ say I see three catches, I see four catches like in the last six weeks I be, I say 3, 4, 5 catch what I supposed to do with that. Can I tell you something? Yeah. And I tell you something, AJ Brown and Devonta Smith, do you understand?


You motherfuckers are so goddamn great. The reason Saquon Barkley is still getting the numbers he's getting because he ain't seen no goddamn eight, nine man box because you niggas is on the field. Excuse my language. I'm sorry. My bad, my bad, my bad. I'm just getting a little passionate. Huh? That's how good you are. That's a testament to you. That's why he getting the numbers he getting because they still w you anyway. That's why you only have 40 something yards a day. You know what if we gonna lose a day, it ain't gonna be by number 11. It ain't gonna be by number six. We gonna let, we gonna let 26 get his numbers. We gonna let him do what he do. Are you surprised that they dis force their displeasure in the manner in which they did?


Because you know, when you say we need to prove that passing, you know me on the same page, you know who that points back at, right? Yeah. Yeah. A little bit. I don't think, I don't think they at that moment in that present time and moment. Understand it though. Okay. Emotional. Think about Jordan Addison free me speaking out vocally about won the ball. Look at this motherfucking act. Jesus Christ. Ever since he said something. Look at Jordan Addison. Yeah. Going hey, going crazy. You know what, let's find ways to put little young bullet position to make the plays. So next week, what is the officer of coordinator gonna do?


You know, the young Bulls are upset right now out there in Philly. Let's find creative ways to move around and, and have special design plays when the 15 play script and the next game we got coming up. Let's find ways to get the ball, get in the ball early, let 'em feel and touch the ball early. So we got 'em the whole game. They gonna be all right though. They gonna be all right. You, you've seen this before. I've seen it before. Hell, I've been there before. You know? So I I understand it. I understand it. But right now you winning baby. You are winning. So they might say there's no room for it, but your alphas need to test the goddamn rock. You gotta make 'em feel like they're part of the offense. You gotta make 'em feel like they're con contributing to the success in helping the team win.


That's all. I I think what what is happening is, is that it's tough. It's tough when y'all don't get the ball early. AJ didn't get a, didn't get a pack, he didn't get a ball thrown his way into the waning moments of the first half. That's too long. I don't care. I don't care if, if Sayquan is going eight bananas, come on bro. You can't, you can't, you can't let me go. You can't let me go 20 minutes, 25 minutes and don't gimme a don't gimme a rock. It's officer court have to be self-aware. Yeah, they have to be self-aware. You know that, you know that you understand the type of player you have, you understand the type of dog you have at that position.


He's different. You understand and know how he's built. You understand his DNA, you know how he is? Yep. Just let it touch it. He ain't got to be nothing crazy. It could be a slant goddamnit. Just throw me a smoke smokescreen. Boom. Just get his outta to me. Let me, let me get jiggy with it. He gonna be okay. Yeah, he good. But to wait 15 minutes and towards the end of the first, the first quarter and then he get up bowl. Yeah, it's tough. Come on man. It it is tough. And you know, the frustration starts to build and you know, look, people look at it Carolina like, man, they sorry. And then before you know it, you don't let 'em be in the game and now they playing with confidence and now you don't have confidence because you're not doing the thing that you thought you were gonna be doing because you see 'em on film.


But the, the the, yeah, the, the Carolina team that y'all probably watch at the beginning of the, when y'all watching tape on them, that's the d not the saying that you watch the last three to four weeks. Now that's not the same team, right. They're playing with, they're playing different guys are making plays, just not when they need to make the plays. Yeah, they, they they leaving. Some of them plays out there Ocho. Some of some of them. Hey, some of them. Hey leed. Come on baby. Okay. Talk to me. There's a difference than being, this is difference. These plays that these plays is different than being good and being great. Yes, yes. You start, you start trending in the, in the great direction where you make some of them catches.


'cause them catches that you making. It's turning. How do you, how do you say it? The Ws. Ws I what? What? Yeah. How, how do you, you say it, the males turned to Ws. Oh yeah. The males turned into Ws based on them catches. Yes. That you missing. And that, that's where you see, you start turning yourself into being great. Not just a regular receiver, bro. Nah, he was, and baby I need, I need you. Well you got the opportunity to be more than just a number boy. You got the opportunity to be more than just number 17. Come on now. Gotta show me. Come on. Because what'll happen, the quarterback's gonna lose faith in you. Yeah. Lose faith. Well actually he doesn't have a veteran quarterback.


Now. Veteran quarterback will lose faith in you. Now you, you you got a young bull like, like Bryce Young, he gonna keep coming to you. Nah, you, he gonna keep coming. You ain't, you, ain't you? You got, you got one. Them veterans, hey they don't play that off. You got whatever, whatever. That's why I said like a Jonathan or a Tom. Oh, what else play that. Oh no. And you talking about in moments like that. Oh yeah. We ain't talking about the first quarter Ocho hey, first quarter. No, bro, that's game, that's, that's, that's game winning time. That's moments game come down to moments. And it seems like a lot of times the moments have been big, too big for him because we've seen it time and time again that he's been called upon and the ball.


But it always happens like this. Ocho doesn't the ball always find the guy that's scared to have in his hand. Yeah. Funny how that work. Huh? Boy, that ball. Hey, hey throw, throw me, throw me over there. Throw me over there like the ball talk. Throw me over there. He walk, he open. But I still don't know why he do, bro. Just keep running. Yeah. Yeah. But when you're not, listen, when you don't your hands, you try to get as much as, as try to get as much of your body in front of as you possibly can. Listen, I, I know what he going through. I know what he going through. 'cause I've done it before. I've done it before because I've lost my confidence. I've lost my confidence for a week, maybe two. And I'm all in practice jumping for jumping for the dig route, you know, not extending my hand until, until I get, until I get myself back in rhythm and get that confidence back.


Man. I, I know what he going through. I, I know how you feel. That's why I can sit here and talk about it. I ain't gonna stand lie, act like oh yeah, I was all, nah. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie to you. I drop a ball in front of everybody and I get to hear them little boo birds a little bit. Well that shit stink, boy. Of course. Well that shit stink. Of course. And it, it take me a series or two to test the ball and get my rhythm back and be like, okay, boom, shoot back. Because the thing is what happens though? Yo then all of a sudden you start to fight it, the ball come up and you double catch it. You know what I'm saying? You don't catch it. Cl Hey man, you don't catch it clean because you don't, we like to catch the ball. The ball go through here now the ball hit the heel on my hands pop up. You Oh yeah, the ball. You, hey, you trying to catch it like, ugh, ugh.


And then it start, it starts to mess with you mentally. Yeah, because I like, I'm a, I'm a hands catcher. I know I'm a hands catcher and this is what I always used to tell the guys. He, if you don't trust your hands, why you think he should? Whoa, that's a good one. Hey, that, that's a, that's a bar right there. Come on. Now Hertz was asked, should the conversation of being on the same page be happening this late in the season? Hertz, no. Hertz replied. I just say no, that's all, that's all you need to say. You don't need to say nothing else.


No. And I got watch, watch, watch the Eagles offense. Who The Eagles got this be coming up. All I know is I'm not. Oh, Pittsburgh. Now watch what happened. Well it better happen because what can the Steeler do? He have your quarterback? Yeah, they could stop the run. Knock in the left. So guess, guess what's finna happen? Guess what? The receiver, guess what AJ Brown and Devonte Smith been to do. Alright, remember I said it first. Hold on, let me get this towel because I I don done, I done messed up the flow. They gonna keep your deposit. This man got ashes all over the floor. Nah, I spill the water. I spill the water. You got ashes on the floor too, I bet.


Nah, nah, I got my, my Ashray right here. Oh, smoke in the pee room. That's a nod. Hey, how I, you ain't hear me choking early. I was drinking the water. It went down the wrong pipe. That's a, that's a non-smoking room. It's gonna smell like smoke. Oh no, no, no, no. I got, I got, I got stuff to, to get the smell out. No, I got fre. You, you, you see the FI got got fabric and the candle from Bath and Body Works. I'ma what you call 'em? I'm gonna call 'em Let 'em know you've been smoking in the room. You don't, you don't know what room I'm in. Don't worry about it. What your sink on whatever room you in smell like smoke, doesn't it? And just to make sure they know I'm gonna send 'em this tape.


Hey all, but when they come in the room, it ain't gonna work. Listen, I got you got, listen, lemme tell you what you do. You take a little thing of Faso, right? Yeah. A candle from Bath and Body Works and I got Fre and I mix it all together and I light it. And when I light it, that man about to blow damn himself up. Jerry, Jerry Rigg. So like he MacGyver, we call it Jerry Rigg, but you know what we call it? What? Re Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But leg, leg, bro. You gotta make these plays man.


You too good of a player not to make these plays. And they gonna continue. The ball's gonna continue to come to you until you make it. Yep. It's gonna keep finding you too. It's gonna keep finding you. It's so funny when you don't even want it, it's coming, coming. And the last thing you want is that when you home and your fans start to boo you, ugh. And that's what's gonna start happening. Now you from that area, they love you and you a hometown kid that made good. But they fans, they like, they, they, they they fans and they expect, so you dropping pass in the first quarter, you about to start to hear the booze, bro. So I'm telling you, get out there, get on the jugs machine if you need to get some extra pack p some extra passes thrown your way by the backup quarterback.


But hey, you gotta bring your hands with you. Now that's too many times. That's too many times. You potentially put your team in harm's way. It's time to a, it's time to put your big boy pants on you in the NFL. This ain't sc now this ain't high school. This ain't Rock Hill, this ain't, Hey. And now they say Mark's corner, they say out Somerville. Nah, this, that ain't it. Come on. We're all in place. We're all in places that you name it in South Carolina. Okay. Okay. Okay.


Game on. Because EPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and temper wolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face-to-face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep and switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


This holiday season, skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you are ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Oh, Joe, one of the largest bets ever reported on the NFL regular season game. A $3.1 million bet for the Eagles to beat Carolina. And and it was a 442,000 on the Eagles was in jeopardy until the last minute. So what he bet 3.1 to win 4 42. So he wa Yeah, he he bought, so he won what, 440 grand? 2 4 40 2000. But he bet 3.1 million. That's a nice, that's a nice flip. Now that's a real nice flip. They ain't no raw.


No, I don't want that. I don't want, oh Joe, I want bet. Minimum and when maximum how You bet three, 3.1 and you basically, you about to lose. You about to lose. Well, about to, but he you said about to Yeah, but I'm saying he, the objective is, is to bet $5 and win 5,000. Not bet 5,000 to win $10. Yeah. Well what I don, what, what kind of, what, what, why were you, were you gambling that like that? No, I'm, that's that's what what I'm saying, that's what the draft king parlay. But listen, scared, scared money. Don't make no money baby. No, you gotta put it on the, put it on the floor if you're trying to earn it back, man. Yes, I, I get that, but not that amount of money to, with that little bit of money.


Oh, okay. I see what you're saying. You see, I'm saying, you're saying no if, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Man, come on back down to reality with this regular folks. Now you talking about that, that little bit of money. 442,000, but you betting 3.1 million. He, he, I thought it was 1.3 million. No, he bet 3.1 to win 4 42. Oh, that don't make no sense sense right now. That's what I'm saying. Yes. Oh, I thought it, I I thought it was only one. I thought it was only 1.3. 3.1. Oh man, that's, that's dumb. Yes. If I bet 3.1 Ocho I'm trying to win 10 15. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you had me think, you had me think, I thought I could've Swo I heard you say 1.3 that he bet 1.3.


No, he bet. 3.1 million and he won. I was like, it's kinda like that mattress Jack. Yeah. Houston, what he bet seven, he bet 7 million on the Astros to win the World Series and he won 35 million. That's okay. Now we talking. Hey, you know I got a question. Yes, I know Mattresses they sell and everybody need a bed. Yeah, but ain't no way in hell he got that kind of money from goddamn damn selling mattress. Well, I think he be having, he'd be having like, if, if they, if if the Astros win this, the furniture you bought is free.


So Yeah. So that's how, that's so now Ocho I gotta try to get that because you know Ocho you know people gonna come in and try to get some free stuff down. Yeah. I don't know. It just a little, you just little, little, little, little little sketchy, but okay, little sketchy. What? Man, I don know you, you must got something in the match. Yeah, he and Ash says he's hedging his bed, so you gotta you gotta be able to pay for the money that you lose for the furniture. So people come in there, you get a thousand people come in there and they get, you know, 2000, 5,000, 10,000 worth of furniture. But you know, hey some, yeah, sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.


Yeah. Yeah. But I ain't, I, I, I, look, I used to gamble. I ain't play nothing like, you know, Dana, Dana be playing, you know, a hundred thousand a, you know, 25,000, a hundred thousand a hand. You know, the most I would play a hand is probably like 12 five, 12,500. That was like one or two hands. I don't play like, but I ain't got the stomach for it now with Joe because I be, because I used to. I I didn't look You played played what? Yeah, I played one hand, couple of hands. 12. Yeah. A hand. Yeah. Did you win? I did, I won one, lost one. And I was like, it, it's the stomach, bro. You ate because I, because here's the thing, like when I'm playing small amounts of hands, smaller hands on, Joe, I don't look at, I don't look at the chips on the table as money, that's a chip.


But when I put, when I put that 5,000, that $10,000 chip, now I'm like, I couldn't get up, man. That's man, that's now you start thinking, man, what can I do with $12,000? Nah, how good. Hey, listen, hey listen, I, I don't understand. I'm, I'm just gonna be, I'm gonna be honest with you. Like I done been around a lot of people that gamble. I done been around a lot of people that got money and I never understood how they do it. I I, I never understood. I just, I just can't do it. I, I never want to put my money in, in harm's way and allow something else to be the reason why I lose it. If I'm gonna lose it, it's gonna be because of something I did. Right. If it, if, if it's even my hand is because of something I'm buying or purchasing.


Yeah. I, I I can't, I can't understand the concept of gambling for those that like to gamble. I can't, I don't like 50 50. Yeah. Well see, here's the thing. The thing is Ocho is that you're gambling on something that you have no control over over because you betting on games. It's not like you playing in it, you're not playing the basketball, you're not playing baseball, you're not playing football. At least if I shoot pool, okay, I'm, I'm shooting pool. Even if I'm rolling the dice, I got the dice in my hand. Especially if I play Hood Dice. You know, I play Hood. We used to play Hood Dice. I don't play, I don't even what you play play slo play. I, I don't play slo. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. But yeah, I I just don't have the stomach for it anymore now. And so I don't, I don't, I haven't gambled.


I think the last time that I gambled me and burns, this was way, way back. I think it was like the May Mayweather Holy field fight. And that was the last time that he and I was in there and he was like, wait, Mayweather Holyfield, I mean Mayweather De La Hoya. Okay, okay. Mayweather de La Hoya. That was the last time that I actually, that he and I was at the table and we were gambling, but we used to gamble all the time. Wait, well, 12,000 hands. Nah, this was, this was like in the, this was like in the nineties when I was playing and I was making bread, you know, I made a little money, you know, a little money. I big ball. Okay, okay, okay. Big money, big money. Hey, you know what I'm saying? You know, I put it up there. Ocho money played. Hey, that where the dealer turned around money plays, you know, I said come on with it then.


Come on. Hey, cards gone money hunting man. Y'all better than me, boy, God, Lee. I don't understand man. It is like that sometime Russell Wilson threw two touchdown passes in the third quarter and the Steeler forced to key turnover in the fourth quarter to beat the Browns. The Steelers led 13 17, 13 7 heading into the third quarter with Wilson. And the offense pulling away with a touchdown passes the van Jefferson and Pat Remu to stretch the advantage to 27 7 Pickens and acted for the rematch of the stage appeared to be set for a spicy rematch instead. Yeah, Pickens was held out of the game with a hamstring injury with a win against the Brown.


The Steelers emerged from a four game divisional gauntlet with a two game lead in the division. Though they've secured another 10 whip season, the Steelers have set their sight on much bigger goals. Like winning the first playoff game since 2016, hosting the first playoff game since 2020. They have a championship caliber defense. They lead the NFL in takeaways and the Browns added three more to that category for them on Sunday and holding opponents to fewer the 19 points per game. Go ahead. I got a question. When George pickers on the injury report during the week, I don't think he was, but all of a sudden he had a hamstring injury.


I'm sure the NFL is gonna wanna talk to them if he wasn't on the injury report. That's something that they'll have to talk to the NFL about. Man, man, fuck all that shit, man. Whoever's responsible for me missing out on the entertainment and the joy of having George Pickens and Greg pick up where Mike Evans and Marshawn Latimore left off. I'm mad if this was for disc discipline, disciplinarian reasons. Did I say that right? Yeah. Disciplinary. Why he, why would he be discipline? What'd he do? I mean, we don't, I don't know. It just, I I don't like the fact that they talking trash all week. That means he was ready to play. He talking trash all week.


Greg Newsom talking trash. They got me hyped. You know, you got me hyped. George Pickett and Greg Newsom. Y'all got me hyped. I'm ready to see y'all go at it within the confinements of the game of the game. Still playing the game of football, but a little trash talk hitting in me, you know, celebrating and, and and, and talking trash to each other. You know, like a, a little Marshawn Latimore and Mike Evans, you know, a little Odell Beckerman and, and Josh Norman. Like, I was looking forward to that and I was robbed of that enjoyment today. I don't know why, but whoever's respons responsible, it ing for me. Whoever's responsible for me not getting that entertainment from those two count your fucking days. Is Ham stringing the for the man hamstring O choke?


Nah, man for nah, nah, man. Nah, man. Pick and stop playing man. I look, I I I look, I look forward, I look vicariously live through you. Don't do that man. Whatever, whatever got going on, man. Come on. Pick man. For real man. Come on man. Week in and week out. I'm, I'm watching you and I'm, I'm a bango. I'm waiting to see what you finna do each week in and week out boy. 'cause you exciting. I don't know what's gonna happen. I don't know what you finna do. You know, you just be out there wilding, you know, come on. The man was hurt. NBA nah man. Steelers look good man. The Steelers look good. Hey, they had that little hiccup a couple of weeks ago against the Browns, but they good.


It's gonna be very interesting. They got the Eagles on the schedule. I still think they got Kansas City on the schedule. So we're gonna find out a lot more about the, about the Steelers over the next three weeks I think. I mean, what, what, what more do we need to find out about? We gonna see when they play better. We, when they play better teams. You know, when they play against better competition. Yeah. I mean Russell Wilson's gonna rise to the occasion like he always has. Listen, Russell Wilson's the Man of God. You know what, you know what happens when you a man of God, God give you favor. You know what happens when God give you favor, you win in life at all that you do, everything you touch, boom. It turns the gold still is. I'm not telling you. No, I'm not telling you what I heard.


I'm telling you what I know because I'm one of them children of God too. Well how about the thing I touched you. Hey boom. Hey about Pastor. Hey Pastor Ocho Sunday off, they played Sunday, they play the Eagles the following Saturday. Yes sir. They play the Ravens that Christmas, that Wednesday. They play the Chiefs. Well can I tell you what they reckon gonna be? Yeah, I'm gonna tell you again, turn to the book of Job chapter seven verse five. He who put it before me cup running over with whatever they need and I'm gonna make sure you three and they got, and that's where they record gonna be. They got three games in 10 days. You, you didn't hear what I just said. I what you said. Hey, they got, they got how many games they got?


They got three games in 10 days. How many days before Jesus rose again? Oh, well they'll get some wrestle on January 5th because they got the Bengal. He said they'll wrestle that day. So they, if they, if they messing around and getting by, they'll be straight. They got, they got a rest day coming on January the fifth. Right. You heard what I said. Right. They got, they got three games in 10 days. Yep. How many days whether it before Jesus rose again it was three, right? Sure. Jesus rose on the third day, right? Yes. Jesus had 12 disciples, right? Yes.


Two of the disciples went up and used the bathroom. How many disciples left? I don't know if they would do the bathroom, but Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Two went to the bathroom. It was, and it was 10. So you get it. Yeah. Three games in 10 days. God has failure. Bomb. There it is. I think, I think Lamar go to church too. I know Jaylen go to Hurt, go to church because he always got a cross on his, on his sweat band or bad, bad. So, but that, Hey look, they got a tough schedule. They got a very, very tough schedule.


You got the Eagles, you got the Ravens and B and, and I mean think about it. You on the road Eagles? Yeah, on the road. Baltimore and home. Your last two games at Home, home Chief Home Bengals. They got this in the bag. The Bengals, they got that in the bag. Obviously it's gonna be good. And and you know what? Defense, defense gonna carry 'em. Yep. Defense carry. All Russell Wilson has to do is not turn over the ball and they gonna be fine. Take the foot, take care of the football. The Saints beat the Giants on a block field. Goal Giants fam fans have had enough of losing even before they saw the team drop an eight straight game, a playing flu of a MetLife stadium with the banner implore and ownership to get it together.


Mr. Ma Enough, please fix this dumpster fire. Then the team went out there and found a different way to lose this time getting the game time field goal blocked in the final seconds of a 14 to 11 loss. Mar Mar declined when asked about the plane, why you declined? Asked about the plane. When they asked you about Kaepernick, you offered a lot of info. Nevermind, we we ain't gonna go to Ocho. These giants are two and 11 and now I've missed the playoffs. 11 of the past 13 seasons, the Giants fell to oh and seven at home this season they're averaging 10.1 per game at home. Neighbors said they asked neighbors about the about that.


He's like, hell, I ain't played for the plane. Don't ask me. I I ain't played for the play. I did not pay for the play. He funny. He funny. You know what? They, they listen. Giant fans, y'all, y'all might as well, y'all might as well put chalk this season up because next year you gonna have, you gonna have a nice quarterback, you gonna have a new, a nice shiny toy. You know? I don't know, I don't know who it's gonna be. I don't know who it's gonna be, but it's gonna be a nice new shiny toy. And I know a guy that, I know a guy that had on their roster that was, that's playing really well right now. What position he play? Huh? Quarterback Gino Smith.


Oh yeah. You know, you know they, they, they ain't, they ain't, they ain't believe in the young bull. You know, sometimes it take, it take for you going to somewhere for someone to see your, your true value. Yeah. It takes, sometimes you get there's greener pastures on the other side. Baker Mayfield. Yep. Sam Donald, Gino Smith. Well look Gino wasn't gonna be that in in, in, in New York because they didn't have dk they didn't have Jackson Smith and Jig book. They didn't have Locket, they don't have Noah fan. They don't have a guy that can run the ball like Walker. They don't have Carino, ano Carino. So, and look, they, and they got their defense is better than you would think. Now are they the Legion of Bo? No, but the defense is playing really, really well and quarterbacks, I mean look, he got guys that can make plays all over the field for it.


It's really that simple. And so I'm glad he's not in New York because they, he'll say the guy can't play and sometimes you need to get somewhere where you got some weapons. Now he's not a guy, he's not Brady. There have been very few guys that can elevate players no matter who the player is, he can elevate them. Right. But Gino got to a place that they believed in him and they got Weapon, they got a dk, they got a Jackson Smith and Jig book, they got Lockett, they got fan, they got a, they got skilled position player. Don't yo that can go make plays make, same thing with Baker. He got in a situation with in, in Tampa and well we saw at, at Carolina ain't have nothing. The cover was better. It was even better than what it is right now.


But he got some place that guys can make plays for him and he's playing exceptionally well. Sam, Donald, he got guys that can make plays. I mean should we be surprised that he didn't make it in Carolina and Bakker didn't make it in Carolina? No. Right. And they didn't have anything there. There's a reason why they got the first pick of the draft. There's a reason why they had the fir Well they got the second pick of the draft. They traded that to get the first pick. And there's a reason why the following year they had the first pick, they had to live that away because Chicago traded in the first pick the year before when they was second. But no, can't happen to a night. Hey, I wonder, he said, you know the fans, we gotta make sure the fans, you know, because you know the fans were not coming because of the Anthem.


I wonder how many fans showed up now They, for the Anthem. Anthem, they ain't had nothing to do with no goddamn anthem. Man, moving right along. Hey, an anonymous Giants player gave OnlyFans model tickets to flash the Saints during the game. What he look like? You ain't got no video? Nah, we got, we got another, we got today is the night we got about, we got about 23 both days. Ah, okay. That ain't, that ain't bad. That's, that'd be, it'd be right in January then. Yeah, then we can go back to showing videos. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I, I can't wait to show my video The Volume.


Hey listeners have a gamer on your holiday gift list but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly Great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise with Intel core i nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only at Lenovo dot com.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more. Check out bs.com.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car riding your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking pro cars, like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars, but as soon as they get invented they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait Autotrader.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty Stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.