
Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday. Fes, join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DS W's Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more, and deals to make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com Personal plus corporation.


What's up every up everybody? Ad Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tabla listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind, blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's called money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on Draft Kings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Spider Clause said this for Travis Hunter, it wasn't a dry eye in the house, it wasn't a dry eye in America. I don't cry much, but man, I cried for this young man. It would, I mean, look, the, the, the, the love that he showed Coach Prime, because he said Coach Prime was the one that believed in him and said that, you know, I could play both sides of the ball and Prime treated him like his own son. He's always looked out after me like, you know, he trusted, he's trusted Coach Prime because a talent like this, the likelihood of you getting the number one overall college high school player, not at all to come to an HBCU is not very good. And then he followed, he trusted him so much when he left, he could have went to a lot of, there are a lot of D one schools that had the bag for him.


Yeah. He says, Nope, I believe in Coach Prime. Coach Prime. I follow Coach Prime to J State. I'm gonna follow him to see you. And it's more than nobody. And the history of college won more awards in a season than what this young man did this year. He won the biletnikoff. He won the McGurky, he won the, no, he won the Ner He won the Ronnie lot. He won the Heisman. He would, he he won it all. And, and yeah. And you can tell, he can tell hes such a humble kid. He wants to do the right thing. Yes, he's green. Yes, he's young. We were all young. We were all green. We all made mistakes.


But it's hard not to root for the kid. It, it really is. And I know, look, I know people like Gente should have won and he said the gently, you know, I look, I, and look, we've seen guys have Russian seasons like this we've never seen and we might not ever see a guy do what he's been able to do. Yeah. On both sides of the ball at the level in which he's done it. I'm not take snaps out of it. People are like, snaps is not a snap. Do you believe, have you ever seen anybody in your lifetime? I'm talking about somebody 50 or younger. So I'm gonna say between the ages and 35. Right? Have you ever seen somebody at the collegiate level play at the level in which you played this year?


No. I don't believe you can say you can. And that's why he won the award. So I'm happy for him. I'm happy for his family. It was, it was, it was great. His speech was great. Well deserved, well deserved. Oh, Joe Travis Hunter is the associate AP college football of the year. He received 26 or 2343 volts on a panel of AP top 25 voters. Hunter kept piling up the hardware. He also won the Walter Ke Player of the Year award along with the Chuck Mcna Award as top receiver and the Biletnikoff Award.


No, the Chuck Mcna as a top defensive player and the Biletnikoff Award as the top receiver. And and he should have won the Thorpe Award. Yeah. Matter of fact. But they didn't want, because if he done won that nobody else, I don't believe another player would've ever won these war wars. Well that's, that's not, that's not the only one. He, he got one more coming too now. Oh yeah, he got one more. He got one more coming. That's, that's some good hardware too before the draft. That's a real good Hardware. But, but Ocho, does Thorpe understand how that looks? I'm not saying, let's just say the sake of argument Ocho he doesn't win award. But do you know how that looks when you don't have him as a finalist and he just won the Chuck Nerrick as the top defensive player?


If, if is DB not on the defensive of Listen, Listen, they don't know what they're doing. They, they don't dunno what they're doing. Okay. We can't give them everything. We can't give. Why you kidding? Because they didn't, you, you, you, you know, you know how they are. You know, you know how the people are, the people that are in positions of power. You know, we, we gonna find a way, we gonna find a way around it. We gonna find some type of excuse. Yes. And I would love, I would love to hear the reasoning behind whoever makes the decision on whether he wins it or not. Why wouldn't you give it to him? What's the gripe? Did you watch him play? Do you actually understand the game of football and what he was able to do this season as a defensive back? No.


Come on now. It's always personal. It's always personal. He had a phenomenal season. He had a phenomenal season. The number 10 boys in state grabs a college football playoff spot beating the number 19 ULLV running revs in the Mount West championship. Aston Genty 32 carries 209 yards in a touchdown. Many believe that he closed the gap. Something might, he might have overtaken Travis Hunter who was, who was off. Yeah, I don't, because his odds did fall OCHO because the young man, was he not like 150, 160 yard way?


Okay, go ahead. Record Ash, gimme his total numbers now because I think he has 344. I think he had 2 12 3, he had 3 12 32, 3 44. So he had 344 carries. But I still think he's a hundred and something. 150 yards. Let's just say, give or take 10 yards from Barry's single season rushing record. Like I said, bowl game. So he's going, he's got another game to play. And the thing that gets him OCHO is that he's gonna pop one every, if you go back and look, he pop a 30, 40, 50, 60, 80 yarder.


So now he's playing with house money because if I give him, if he pops one for 70, 80 yards ocho, I give him the ball 20 more times, he's gonna have at least eight yards. I Don't, I don't like, I don't listen, I, I don't think people understand. Yeah, Ocho, before you go Ocho, he has 344 carries. He's three yards short of, of 5, 20, 500. So he needs, I think Barry had 26, 28. So he needs a hundred and 132 yards to break Barry's single season rushing total.


Now remember now OCHO Barry did play in the holiday bowl, right. He rushed for 2 25 and five touchdowns, but those stats didn't count. And a lot of NFL players are voicing their support, support for Aston Genty. Jonathan Stewart, Aston Genty is the Heisman winner. If you swap Colorado, they are in the top 10. Team Matt Liner, Brock Huard said, right, Aston Genty should win the Heisman Trophy. Yeah, I Strong. Disagree. Disagree. I just wanna name all the people that have done what Aston Genty is done. No disrespect, no, no disrespect to him. You know, kudos, salute, you know, for, for his achievement this season, Barry Sanders has been a 2000 yard rusher in college.


Am I correct? Melvin Gordon has been a 2000 yard rusher. Yeah. In college as as well. Am I correct? Marcus Allen, am I correct? Yes. Okay. Derek in 2000 am in college. LaDainian Tomlinson. Yes. Am I correct? Yes. Adrian P Wait, wait a minute. Yes. Yeah. Not, not, no, I meant, I I meant to say No. Davis. Remember Troy Davis, 19 60th. Freshman year. He did it twice. Troy Davis, he went to South. He did down here. Down here, down south of Miami. Let me keep going. Matt Forte had a thousand, right? 2000. Correct. Ricky Williams 2000 had A 2000 yard season, correct?


Yeah. Our Larry Johnson, Kansas City and play with Cincinnati. Larry Johnson had a 2000 And Smith from Central Florida. Christian MCC had 2,500, Had a 2000 yard season. Right. Ron Dane, I'm, I'm still going on and on and on. The people that achieved exactly what Ashton Gente has done, what Travis Hunter has done this season on both sides of the ball hasn't been done before. It hasn't been done before At the level in at the level he's done it. Yes.


We've had two way players. We had the, the Charles Wilsons, you know, we, the, the Cha Baileys, the, is it Chris Gamble, cha Baileys, Ohio State, What you call 'em, did it Miles Jack Miles. Jack Miles Jack did Also, they've, it also, but they didn't do it to the extent in which he did it. Every goddamn snap of this season, both sides of the ball of fishing on both sides of the ball. Come on, man. I respect what Ashley, what Brother Gente has done. But everybody's done it. Nobody's done what Travis Hunter has done this year on the defensive side of the ball and the offensive side of the ball every snap.


Come on, man. What are we talking about? And that's no disrespect, the brother, my brother from Boise State, man, you had a hell of a season. But what Travis Hunter did is she a man is different man. Some, some old, that's some old alien type man. Come on, man. Know that it's, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you finish. I don't wanna say the wrong Yeah. For me, I, I, I, I, for me, I think Travis Hunter is the best collegiate player in college football. And I'm not talking about snaps because snaps is not a stat, but I'm saying if you look at what he did on the opposite side of football, you look at what he's done on the defensive side of the football, it's hard for me to say that there's a, I've seen a better college player.


I haven't, I don't know if we've seen, I don't know if we've seen a better college athlete that played the game of football. I can't say that I've seen that. And to, to to be top five in, in receiving yards to be top five in, in receptions to play at the level that he played at on the defensive side of football. That's just me. Look, I, and I understand, I respect these guys. Yes, sir. Matt Liner is a, is a, a Heisman Trophy winner and he gets a vote. Brock Huard analyzed the game. I love the way he calls the game. Jonathan Stewart. Yeah. Played in, played in the league and played at a very high level. So I respect all these guys' opinion, but for me, the best collegiate player in football is Trav.


Is is Travis Hunter. I mean, anyone that, that would, that would disagree. Again, some people look at a whole hold Travis at the stake because of their personal vendettas against Prime because it's Colorado for whatever reason, they won't give him his credit, his due credit. You know, those people that can't get side with their personal reason for hating Prime and are gonna allow that to affect what Travis Hunter has done and their decision making when it comes to, you know, the Heisman voting or it just, it's like, it's, it's ridiculous man. It's, it, it is ridiculous. And those that have played the game of football, that have actually played the game of football Yeah. And are watching him do what he's doing and still have thoughts that someone else should, wouldn't have.


Heisman is beyond me because I've never seen it. And I was a great athlete and I ain't never seen no shit like that. Yeah, yeah. What the hell is, what the hell is y'all looking at? Yeah. Yeah. And I don't, I don't care. You, but he can't, and, and my thing is, well, I don't, he, well, he ain't gonna be, I, I don't care if he can do it at the next level. We're talking about at this level, the Heisman Trophy ain't got nothing to do with the NL level we're talking about this year. Say, well, he's not even a top 10 player. Come now. He what? I, I, I, I I believe look. Yeah. That now see now y'all just saying stuff just to say stuff because he is a top 10 player and his draft is going to his Yeah. His draft status is gonna reflect that.


Look, maybe he, maybe he won't be as good a receiver in the NFL. Maybe he won't be as good a db, but we're talking about right now as a collegiate player ocho that's what we're talking about. Because who's to say the Aston Gente is gonna go to the NFL and play and have the type of career in the NFL that he had in college A lot of times. Guy Troy Davis, I don't even think played a snap. Matt Forte had a couple of good years in the NFL. I think the Smith kid UFC and UCFI don't think he might have, well I think he played like a year or two in Detroit, but he never had the Yeah. Obviously we know. Look, Barry and LaDainian, Marcus Allen, you know, Hey, Ron Dane Mundane didn't have the type of career.


He wasn't, he was an all time lead rush in col in college history. Know, you me, it's different at that next level, man, Ricky Williams. It is one, it is one thing to be able to acknow when you, when you get to that next level, them grown men, them grown men that got mouths to feed them. Grown men, them grown men. They have a wife to take care of. They got, they got, they got kids mortgages due. Yeah. Yeah. Cardinal rent, insurance side chick. You finna come, come up. You finna come to, to the next 2000 every season, man. Shit.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Demers, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you, by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Every, because here's the thing in, in college, and what I try to tell people, look on a college team, let's take the best college team ever assembled. Let's just say out of 115 players, they got 30 NFL players. The NFL got a 53 man roster, all of them mofos in the FL right? All of them there. Even the, the 15 or 16 practice squad guys are in the NFL. So that's the difference. What you're going against every si and what I tell people this ocho I to tell people all the time, right? I don't care if you talk, take the best player, the best offensive lineman, the best defensive lineman, right? You take the best db you take the best wide receiver.


If that guy in the NFL, he can make it look foolish, an average DB can take a great wide receiver and tie you like what happened to him. He must be hurt. And the, and the same thing a of I've seen offensive, a great offensive linemen and guys, just guys like how you beat that man for two sacks. That man's a first team all pro tackle and you got two sacks and three es on. Yep. Yep. Man, it, it, it's, it's different when you going up against a grown man and Yeah, he, the only job is to what?


Be a football player. These guys gotta go to class, they gotta go to study hall, they gotta do all this other stuff. Yeah. Professionals, all they do is Play know. Some people will say Professional football, Like where I said basically that it's grown men at the next level and it's not gonna be easy. And then they would probably say, well, hell, the same will go for Travis Hunter and him being successful at the next level. Listen, if if you, if you, if you know football, if you understand skill sets and you understand DNA and if you understand a person being special at what they do, you know when it's going to transition. Well, he's one of them players. He's one of those people.


He's he's one of those people. It's going to transition. I'm, I'm just, just, just so people don't say, all you just said is difficult when, when playing go from college and the chance of making it at the next level or being as successful as you were in college to the next level is difficult. Yes. But you can tell you just know Ojo. But, but OCHO we're not saying he's gonna dominate I'm in college. Yeah. But, but I'm saying let, let's just say he has to speak. Yeah. Let's just say they have packages and because you know what happens Ocho, when you have a dominant college career, people automatically, Yeah.


The expectations Assume you gonna come do that in the NFL. That and, and, but you set those expectations by doing what you've done at the collegiate level. So it doesn't matter when you play football or basketball or baseball or whatever the case may be. When you have, when you set up lofty expectations, when you see guys like a Fred Curley in track, or you see guys like a Michael Norman in track and they have outstanding careers. What is it? Xavier X Man, he won the hundred and the 400 meters, but injuries. So they expect you to go. I mean, and, but there are some guys, you look at Michael Johnson, Michael didn't have that great a college career and he's one of the two or three great greatest track sprinters in the history of the sport.


When you talk, when you talk about speed. So you talk about, you know, from 400 down who, I mean, what you got, you saying maybe Carl, that's it. But he didn't have, he didn't have a stellar career. Like, you know, some of, some of these other like Carl. Yeah, Carl could have made the eight Olympics had he not boycotted. But you, you don't, you don't know ocho, but I'm just saying, I'm, I'm throwing, I'm throwing the NFL apart. I'm talking right now. Listen, what we saw this year, year With Joe, think about, think about the great receivers. When you saw Megatron at Georgia Tech, you knew what time it was when you saw Larry Fitzgerald at Pittsburgh. Yes. You knew what time it was.


You know, when you saw Julio Jones at Alabama, you knew what time it was when you saw Travis Hunter at Colorado. Right. You know what time it is. Well, I knew Megatron would even be better pro I said, because if he ever, if he ever had a quarterback, he could be something special. Yeah. Because he was at Georgia Tech, they ran the football. So he catching 45, he catching 45 passes. But when you look at his size, he's six foot four. Yeah. 240. He's running four and three. You're like, who gonna deal with that? First of all, who gonna press it? What DB tried to press megatron.


Okay, now you get him in the red zone, you gotta give him gunner, you gotta give him gunner gunner support. Yeah. Basically line two guys up on in top, over top of it, or he gonna jump up and catch the ball. He got a 40 plus inch burn. Yeah. Yeah. He's six foot four. He's two 40. So we saw when he got a quarterback. Yeah, well you just saw the numbers that he put up. He just had arguably one of the greatest single seasons in the history. He still has the record. Yeah. Almost 2000 yards at 16 games. So you, you ab you're absolutely right. Yeah. Sometimes you can just look at a guy and see it translate. He gonna Be, he gonna be him. He gonna be him.


He gonna be, he gonna be nice. Yeah. Well, I guess what Ocho next Saturday we gonna find out all this speculation. I think he should win. Yeah. Because they're gonna be some disappointed folks on both sides. People gonna say, J he should have won if he doesn't win. Right. People gonna say, Travis should have won if he doesn't win. But hey, whatever the case, it's not a situation where it's like Joe Burrow. Joe Burrow was the overwhelming favorite. Yeah. You Know, I see it Reggie Bush. I don't even, it was an overwhelming Favorite. People shouldn't even be sad if if GTE wins, if Travis wins, at the end of the day, both of them won regardless. And I'm not talking about the goddamn heman. I'm just saying in general, both of them won regardless.


No matter who's going home with that goddamn trophy. They both had great seasons. They both, they both getting ready to do great things at the next level. Yeah. Man, look here Ocho, you I want that trophy. I ain't Finn to get here and tell back, Hey, I'm just happy to, I'm just happy to be a part of it that trophy because guess what? Yeah, Because they remember that. You see all, you see all those, the Heisman house and they have all those old guys. They have Archie Griffin, they have, they have Marcus size and they have Barry, they have tbo. These Be funny Bro. I wanna be a part of that. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, because guess what, Ocho 15 years from now Yeah.


Ain't nobody gonna remember no 2000 yard rush season if you don't win the trophy. We remember, we remember Marcus', he was the first to do it. He won't, the Heisman Barry did it. He won't, the Heisman Ricky did it. He won't. The Heisman Henry Henry did it. He won the Heisman the yards. Don't mean to say if you ain't got that trophy. Come along with it though, Joe. I'm listen, I'm, I'm I'm with you when you ride, but yeah, you, I I'm with you. I'm just being honest. It was a beautiful thing. It was, it was the great thing, you know, but so many other people have done it already. Yeah. But Travis Hunter has done, we haven't seen that before.


Right? Not at that level. Consistently week in and week out. So gonna be very, very interesting. I'm ready for Saturday to come. I'm ready for Saturday to come so we can find out. Travis Hunter fights back, tells people to mind their own business. His fiance released an eight minute long video addressing everything. Can, Can I say something before you even go off? Can I say something? Oh. Oh, Joe, We in the era of Yeah, Go ahead Bro. Social media, we we're in, we're in the era of the internet. And what happens is, if you don't put anything online when it comes to your relationship or the person you're dealing with, then you don't have to worry about anything.


But the minute it touches online, then everyone is, is welcome and is allowed to have an opinion on, say, a topic, whatever that may be. And that I includes Travis Hunter, his fiance, everything he has going on. Some of the things that we see online, you know, I mean, I, I don't don't really care to chime in about it, but everyone else does because now you've put us in your business, small example myself, you know, I'm one who doesn't care and always been in that media, you know, so I'm one that, that, that overshare when things are going good. So I'm also one, when things are going bad, I'm going to continue to overshare because I don't want you to think like, oh, I'm only gonna show you the good when things are going beautiful.


And all of a sudden when things are bad, I go into hiding. No. If I live publicly when things are good, I'm gonna live publicly when things are bad. So that's something I'm used to. But as far as Travis' concerned and his fiance, you're young and the best way to go about things. If you don't like the, the people in your, in your, in your, in your, your personal business, then you just gotta, you gotta be offline. You gotta keep your relationship offline, you know, if, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. I don't like Cocho, you know, I've been supportive. Oh, okay. Okay. But she should never trend in front of Travis. Wait, say it again. Why you trending?


We know you because of Travis. Okay. Okay. You are never gonna be, we know her because of Travis. Okay. She's not. Okay. She's not, we knew Giselle before Tom. Right. Because she was Giselle. Okay. I she's not a standalone. She's a stand beside Beyonce is a standalone. We can on Beyonce before you can before we ever, before her ever. Huh. Yeah. I, yeah, I use that. I appreciate that. Sure. Right, right, right. I I I don't get, bro, you have to understand, and she's like, these women, these, these, they're Adidas.


Do you understand how this work? And I'm, I'm, like I said, I, I don't know the one and I, I'm, I'm on her side and I wanted to win at the end of the day. And if, and, and if, if, if Trav is happy, some things, guys, how many of y'all listen to what the internet say? Right? None of you. But y'all expect this man to listen. Do y'all expect this man to take y'all advice on here's a relationship. When, who advice do you take? Who advice have you ever taken That being said, young lady like Adidas, when these people come around, there're gonna be times you're gonna have to sign foot, he's gonna have to sign footballs, he's gonna have to sign helmets, he's gonna have to sign jerseys.


He's gonna have to do me, he's gonna have to take pictures. You know how I know? Because when I go to sponsors, I have to sign footballs, I have to sign helmets, I have to sign photos, I have to sign jerseys. That's a part of it. He understands that you are about to come into a situation. You're gonna be, have more money at your disposable than you even dreamed. And why is that? That's a part of it. And for you to say, when he's taking, when he's taking those, talking about how long do I have to stay here all day, you should graciously and willingly stay there a month if that's what it requires.


And for you to talk about. Well, the reason why I, I left him on re and for my inbox. Well, you know, he's younger than me and he cheated. You see, now you threw that man on the bus. We didn't need to know that. We did not need to know that. Why you put that man business in the street? Are you perfect? That's, I, look, I don't, I don't like the part of oversharing in a relationship because it was unnecessary while you and Travis got together. Did you have to say, he wasn't my type. That was for nobody to know. You don't have to share everything. People, you don't. And now you, and and it makes me, it's none of my business, but it makes you, it makes you, it paints you in a bad light.


Oh, he wasn't your type, but now he's my type where it seems like your type might be George Washington. Yeah, Ben, Ben Franklin, grant. It might be some of those type, you know what I'm saying? Don't just you young lady, you don't have to share. That's you and Travis' relationship. Guys. I don't know what y'all want Ocho and I to do. Ocho has met tra Travis once. I've met him once The best, He has the best mentor that he could possibly have. And that's one prime. He has the best guys. We're just like, you we're on the internet.


He's not gonna listen to us. Sometimes you have to, something has to happen to you. You have to see it for yourself. Somebody can't tell you about it. Ocho, if somebody you didn't know offer you advice on finances, anybody on the chat who y'all, y'all listening to him. If somebody that y'all didn't know, tell y'all what y'all should do with y'all money, say, Hey, gimme your money. Listen. No, you're not. So you, he looks at you guys and I'm sure he appreciates your support, but he's not gonna take your advice when it comes to his dating or who he's gonna be with. I just have a problem with her sharing. I have a problem with her, right? Understanding and Ocho, she's young.


She doesn't understand what comes along with it. But I'm trying to enlighten her as somebody that's been in that space, as somebody that understands it. When you're dealing with sponsors and you're dealing with advertisers, you go into a room and they're footballs and they're helmets, right? And there's jerseys and there's pictures, and you're taking pictures, you understand for the kind of money that they're gonna be paying him. I don't really think that's an awful lot to ask. I don't, now that could, I could be wrong Ocho and some people might think, well, you know, hey, but I just don't think, I just don't think, ma'am, you need to have this because you were trending. Trav won the Heisman, right? You didn't win.


No, you didn't win no award. We shouldn't have been having this conversation about you. Y'all chose to be together. You are young. Yeah. Travis is young. Everybody knows that first love and the best one, The best, the best thing about it when It comes to that first one, first Long as possible because you, you, you think that's the one. You know, and, and I'm, I'm hoping it is. And I love it. I love what they're doing. I love that for Travis. I love that for her as well. I love, I love love in general. I love it. You know, I just say the big issue is if you can, or understanding if you, if you have relationship online, it allows everybody in your personal business and everybody to have an opinion like you.


If you can't take that and you have to, you know, come out and say, well this is that, then you have to keep, you have to take it offline. You know,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin. I tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL and scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Amers, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you, by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, you Wish you could pull off my short shorts, perky. That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I if, if if you da look here. Yeah, I'm just saying when you date publicly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That breakup's gonna be publicly and just like you. Oh, that goo. I love this man. I love it when you do all that publicly. Guess what happens when it goes sideways? Yeah. You see it when they date publicly. Now they saying this and I didn't do that, and you didn't pick the kids up and you was sleeping this person and Huh? You see all that play into things are good, you know, Hey, I'm, I'm you, you, you Finn get exactly what it is when things are bad. Oh, you finna get that too. You finna get the good and the bad. I mean, that, that's, that, that's his day. I mean, yeah. I, IIII You ain't getting nothing. Yeah, I like to speculate.


I understand what you mean, man. He like this. Yeah. Oh, he like this, right, right. Oh shit. Yeah. Oh, he, he don't date number this. Oh, he don't date number that. Oh, he do. This ain't, and nobody and nobody what you call see me nowhere with nobody. So I how y'all know what I like You said two 10, you all in No, I like who hard the top. Yeah. Beat at the bottom. That's what I like. You know, I'm saying no trouble. That's what I'm looking for. But, and look it, no bro, ain't no back padding. I'm just saying. Yeah. I don't agree with what she's said. I agree with them to have a right to be together. That's their decision.


She ain't got no gun to his head. So I'm glad everybody ain't nobody else. Only you and I Ocho better been in a situation where someone didn't approve of our relationship and we, and, and we, we, we just walked away. He's not wired like that. Because if he, if I'd have listened to let people just, I would've became what I became because people didn't believe I, I was gonna play in the NL. They didn't believe I could go to college and, and, and get a degree. Ocho you have never left Liberty City. If you listen to other people when you are a professional athlete, you are wired differently because there're gonna be a lot of times that people don't believe in you. They say they believe in you, but you know that they don't because everybody don't see your vision.


It wasn't revealed to them. And that's okay. The problem that I have is that she's revealing too much information. Travis is revealing too much information. You don't, you didn't need to tell that she got drunk and cried herself. That was romantic. I hear That was unnecessary. We didn't need to know that. It was, that's between you and her. Listen, think about this arm. Listen to listen to The words man, that ain't no romantic. O Joe got Drunk and cried herself to sleep. Now think about Lenny Williams. What did, what, what did Lenny Williams do? He cried until he, he cried. What's a recurring theme? You see how you cope with things cope. Right, right, right, Right, right. Ocho, you see how she has to cope.


Do you see how she has to cope with things? Yeah. Alcohol, drugs. You see? Is that a good thing? No, it's not. Right. Right. It's not right. Right. Drugs and alcohol is not a coping mechanism. Oh no, I know. Ain never been down That path. That I can agree With you when you're right, because I've heard the stories For those that cope in that manner. Now my coping, can I tell you, I can tell you about my days when I cried my, my, my coping and how I cope. I cope with cigars, I cope with caffeine. You know, when things aren't going well for me, you know, when I was in the fetal position during my time, you know, I go to Starbucks, I go to the Cuban spot, you know, during my time, my coping mechanism, I game, I play, I play fifa, I play Madden, I play Call of Duty.


But my type of coping is a little bit different as opposed to those who consume alcohol. Yes. You know, and, and and you know, and pills or whatever it may be. You know, my coping is just different. I just, it's, it's just think hey, just think about Right. The pain, huh? That I'm talking about that, that, that fetal position pain like every man has been Through. Yeah, just take it offline. Every Man has been through it. In, in, in some and sometimes, Yeah. He doesn't tell nothing. It Changes. Just spin for the worst for those that been through that fetal position because they never see women the same. They never see women the same. After that kind of hurt and that kind of pain. And I wish it on. No man, no, I wish it on, on, on No man. And everybody out here, you know, they walking around thinking they tough and now I'm, I'm so and so, and yeah.


Okay, well you will find the one that day will have you in that fetal position, boy. And when she do or make God be with you, ain't no joke. Yes sir. Yes. But ocho everybody, people make it seem like, oh, she, so what about the people that you thought was going to be together for 10, 15 years and they don't make it then what do you say? Y'all make it seem like it's a guarantee that if everything is perfect today, it'll be that way tomorrow it'll be that way. Five years from tomorrow or 10 years from tomorrow, then what? Yeah.


Look how you do with how you do. I I I'm a very private person. Yeah, me neither. I don't reveal as much as, as, as I don't reveal a whole lot. If you notice, I used to, I used to reveal my dogs and, and, and show different things. I said, lemme shut this down. Lemme shut this down and it's okay. I never, I never revealed a partner. They speculate. But then, I mean, the only one time, I think that was in 2012, we went to the, the first honors was in Indy. And I got a picture snap. But, but I'm okay with, I'm, I'm, I'm okay with y'all not being in my business. I don't want nobody, I don't want nobody talking about kids.


I just recently started posting my kids. I'm like, Hey y'all, you okay with it? For the longest, I never posted them. Daddy, we grown, we good. Right. My son, I've never po I've never posted my grandson. That's not my job. That's the, that's his parents' job. If they wanna post him, they can post it. I don't do that. My other daughter, a she, they a Yeah, you can post. Hey, you good. I just, I, I, I, I just, I just like to, I don't like people in my business. I don't like people speculating because they see one thing. Yeah. And even if they see one thing, they'll believe something else. So I just like to keep people outta my business.


And Travis, if I can give you any advice, not that you have to take it, because like I said, I believe you have one of the great mentors of mentorship Or Is that, bro, keep it offline. Keep keep your, keep your dating, keep your dating life offline. Now if you wanna post you working out or stuff like that, have at it. But man, them relationships because everybody's Dr. Ruth, everybody's Dr. Phil. Everybody's Dr. Lawrence Schlesinger. And it's just not gonna end well. And and then, and then what makes it worse Ocho is that he is listening to the comments.


He's reading the comments, she's reading the comments. Not she's listening to What's Steve, you got that. I don't give a, I've I've had that. I don't give a very, very long time. I don't give a fuck what y'all say you got to. I'm gonna do what the fuck I wanna do anyway. When things go good, I'm happy. When things go bad, I'm happy. It's gonna be in the public. What you say I'm gonna still do what the hell I wanna do, blah, blah blah. Nothing gonna change. I've always been swayed whatever on to the next and just keep on what? Because most of the time Ocho, you know, they waiting to say, I told you I knew it wasn't what I tell you Did that, oh yeah. Hey, hey, hey Ash, remember I told you, Hey George, remember I told you?


Yeah. I told you I knew it. I knew it was fake. They do it too much. Yeah. Every time they turn around they make a se. Everybody just waiting to say, I told you the Las Vegas Raiders now currently hold the number one pick the Giants hold the number two pick New England number three. Carolina number four, Jacksonville number five. The Tennessee Titans. Number six. The Jets number seven, the Browns number eight, Chicago nine. The Bingos 10 New Orleans 11 and the Dallas Cowboys. Well top 10 pick. How'd that make you feel?


Ocho? Who knows? Y'all might be able to draft Travis Hunter. Y'all might trade up and get Travis. Hey that, whoa. Can you imagine? No. Can you Imagine ass Mike Brown ain't trading up nothing. He he better have he, Hey, he gonna have to break that piggy bank over to pay chase. See you see what you have when you kick the can down the road? That's that balloon payment. Yeah, I know you don't remember that. Hey, that's what the housing market crashed. You used to have what they call, you know, balloon payments on interest only loans. All you had to do was pay the interest on the loan. You got a 10,000, 15,000 square foot house that you paying $2,000 a month. Now that balloon payment, you gonna have to pay that thing off.


Right. You see what happened when he kicked that can down the road with Chase, that chase by Oh, ooh. And Chase ain't got no ski mask. Hey Yeah, pick it up. Give gimme a loop. Yeah. With no, with no no mask. Yeah. Oh, I want you to see me. This what they call strong arm. Hey, now I'm sitting here thinking, huh. Now let's think about this. Now if we, if right now, based on our record, I'm not sure how the rest of the season is going to go, but what if the Bengals do trade that can go get Travis Hunter? First Of all, ain't nobody going to trade. Ain't nobody going to trade you for it. And first of all, that's not how y'all do business.


You know that. I know that. Wait a minute. With we're, what we've done is we've turned the culture around and we have a winning culture. The we not A winning culture. And All the way, let me finish the Detroit Lions ain't used to have a winning culture. What do they have now? When have y'all, okay, tell me the time that the Bengals have traded up. They haven't, but we're trying to change the culture to a winning. But you said y'all had a winning culture. I'm trying to figure out when y'all won. I didn't, I didn't say that. I said we want to have, so we have to make the necessary changes to do so. And if trading up and doing something, we have something we've never done before, is going to help us get to that point.


Maybe we can trade up and get Travis Hunter to help bolster that Defense. I want to have dreads. How long you think I need to want to have them things? Well, well you actually, if you want dreads, you could just order the goddamn little cap thing on. No, I want dread. I want to grow 'em, I want to grow 'em at my own school. That's gonna, that's gonna take about a year and a half before they lock up. I should lock you up for saying that I should call the cops right now. Hey, hey. Ain't no locks growing on my head no year and a half. Ain't no at this, at this stage of my life, it's over. This is what I got. That's what I got. Yeah. Oh. Huh?


Your, you, you growing your hair can't grow. I mean it's gonna grow like this. I mean, it ain't gonna grow no dreads. I can't grow no locks. You Can grow some locks. We just talk about if your hair can grow in general, you can let it grow enough to where you can twist it and then it'll lock up on Its own. Don't your hair start to itch? Like if I grow a couple of days without shaving my face, start itch. Don't your hair. Oh, All you gotta do is wash. You gotta, you gotta wash you. You sell some blue or head and shoulders. No, that's what I use on my hair. The Volume.


What's up everybody? Id Nan Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join in, into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tabla listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.