
This is an iHeart podcast.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down. We NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You Hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We Look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly The volume.


The Panthers cornerback. Jaycee Horn went off from pro football focus of their top 10 cornerback rankings. This is what happens when you let nerds who never touch the field feel like they know Ballman Pro football Focus rank him 25th in the NL said 25th Horn is talented, but it struggled with injuries in the NFL, despite being the league's Second highest paid corner horn ranks 23rd in pro football. Focus at advanced coverage grade over the last three seasons. And 23rd in standard PFF coverage. Grade of 79.6 across the past two Sace. Gardner is one. Pat Sartan is two. Trent McDuffy is three.


Jalen Johnson is four. Darryl Staley Jr. Is five. DJ Reed is six. Marlon Humphrey is seven. Christian Bedford is eight. Jahi Alexander is nine. Denzel Ward is 10. In fact, this, oh, Joe, let, lemme tell you something. The fact that, You know, this list isn't corrected, the fact that Denzel Ward is all the way at 10. But then, okay, let me ask you this. Ocho Yeah. Who you taking off this list and putting Jaycee Horn in front of What? What number? Wait, see, I, I need to, I can't, I can't see it in front me. Run. Run me. Run me. The first 10 real quick. Assaults. Gardner's one Pastor 10.


That's One. Two should flip, but go ahead. Okay. Trent McDuffy is three. Kansas City, Jalen Johnson. Barry is four. Darryl Stingley Jr. Ty Texans five DJ Reed. He's with the Lions now, if I'm not mistaken. He's with the Jets last year. He's six. Marlon Humphrey, Baltimore, Ravens, seven Christian Benford Buffalo, bills eight Jahi, Alexander, nine, green Bayit, Denzel Ward 10. Now people on that list who you taking off and putting them on in the top Two? I mean, no disrespect. I've watched everybody. I've watched everybody who said play. And I'm not talking about just watching them on Sunday. I'm talking about, I've seen film of them actually in practice, what they've done. And I've seen the game film now.


DJ Reed, I don't know much about, I don't know much about DJ Reed. I, I'm gonna be honest, I haven't seen him play. I haven't watched him. So if I was to take anybody off, it would be DJ Reed. Excuse me. I mean, no disrespect to Young Bull. I'm sure Young Bull is good because he's on there for a reason. But I know and I've seen Jaycee Horn play. Yeah. Consistently. I'm a big Stanley fan man. Hey Stingley The real deal boy. I'm for sure I'm a big Stanley fan man. I love, I love the way he pa the way he play. You know, he remind me of like what football used to be when I was in there watching it with my grandpa as a kid. I love his energy that he bring.


But honestly, when it come to these list, Unc, sometimes I be trying to understand what's the criteria with some of these things. Like what are they coming up with? Because sometimes it feel like they pick somebody 'cause they got a bigger following on social media or something. It ain't got nothing to do with they game. Right. So I'll be trying to figure out where, where does this stuff come from? I agree with you Ocho I think Pastor Tan for me is the best corn in football. It's simple. Stingley obviously had a a, a magnificent season. Trent McDuffy, he's never made an AllPro team. I don't I think he's made one, right? Lemme take that back. I think he's made one, but I don't think he's ever made a Pro Bowl.


He's sensational. Especially in the slot sauce. We know whats Seal Sauce was a defensive rookie of the year. All these guys are phenomenal. We know Marlon Humphrey is not his, is not what he once was on the outside. But in that slot he Held. He's nice. Humphrey really came into his own last year. We know Jahi what he is, what he represents. Yeah. Denzel fluid smooth transition looks really well I Honestly, I mean no disrespect, but Denzel, Denzel is top five right now. I'm talking about in the entirety of the league. You know, forget this list. I understand. I Think he top five Ojo. What? Hey, when we talk about a technique merchant, I'm talking about tech technical, it don't matter.


It don't matter who he playing when he party and he's switching up based on who he playing against too. He gonna play everybody different. So I'm, I'm sitting there watching him depending on, okay, let's say when they play the Bengals fences, the way he played t Higgins, he played Chase different. And I'm sitting here watching this fan dog I'm talking about. It's, it's like art. It's like watching art. 'cause he has a different post depending on who it's every single time. Yeah. And the naked eye, the casual fan can't see it. But I'm looking at it. I'm like, what the, and I'm, and to my, to me, Hey, I'm looking at him like Sam, I'm looking like, well damn, the defensive coordinator in Cleveland, in Cleveland give him that much freedom to be able to do stuff like that.


Normally when you get out there and line up, you line up the same way, the same time. Based on the coverage, the coverage of the defense. That's called Now what you, what type, how you Think you would've reacted. How if he would've been guarding you, what you would've did to him. Ocho. Oh, I would've turned that 21 to 12 Playing With me. Listen, I, hey I respect, Hey listen, I told I Denzel, I forgot where he was at. Might have been Super Bowl or something. What? I sat there and told him, I told him about plays he did dog. He is a tremendous man to man, corner boy. Especially him. I'm talking about techniques out and when the ball is there, he never panicked. Paniced, he played a ball. He got elite ball skills. Him and Stingley boy got some of the best ball skills along with S I've ever seen bro.


No, that's why I like Stanley so much for exactly what you just broke down and that, that's why I got quiet. Because you speaking from experience, I'm speaking from a fan. That's all. Yeah. So you looking at it from you actually playing the game. I'm looking at it as a fan. But what I see with Stanley is kind of what you just explained. He plays different players difference. He can kind of play both sides of the field. He get to it, he get off his line fast. So I rock with him. Yes sir. He nice. Yeah. I like Guy. I like guys that travel. You know, you look at Sauce and Pat, they're kind of more, they kinda like, they're tall Angular guys. Yeah. Tall Pat first hand is so smooth. He transitioned extremely well. The way he can flip his hips for a guy his size, it, it is hard pressed.


You'll, you probably won't find a guy because Satan is like six two. Yeah. I mean he's a big car. Real six two. Yeah. Ain't no, ain't no, ain't no yeah, ain't no six foot. He's six foot. No, no, no. He's six two, maybe even six tall. Denzel Ward is maybe not that tall. But it, they kinda got sa Pat and, and, and Denzel kinda have the same body type. They're like being framed but, but Ctan is like as good a technique for someone. He has good a technique. Like now Rivas had some technique. I was just thinking about Darrell Rivas, when you, when you talking, Reba Had technique at the Nin yang When it comes to playing a position, when it comes to playing db, I've always said it.


I've been saying it for years. I think DB is the hardest position on the field outside of It absolutely is Outside of quarterback. Reva's got the patience at the line of scrimmage of Sally Mae because You know, everybody still owed them loans for years and years and years. That's the kind of patience I spoke. God. Yeah. That's the kind of patience Reva's got. You can sit make all the moves you want. He not moving, he not budging until you go. He ain't bite that first move so You forget him. He might not bite. He might not bite the second move. Hey Ocho, you, you could do all this right? You do all this right here. That gonna still sit right there in front Of you right at your waist because your waist ain't going nowhere.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Shout Out to Josh Norman too, man. Josh Norman would, Hey Josh was you need to lock things down out there as well. Jared verse troll P the for looking like, Lord qua, watch this y'all. I ain't know we had famous people in the bill. Now shake it out, shake it out, shake it out. Yeah. Far this far this Month that, that's what it's all about. That's what Ocho that's what you miss, miss Totally. All that journey that goes on in ota that goes on in mini camps and training camps and all the, this is what you miss, man.


You can't, where you gonna get this from Ocho when you leave the game? Where you gonna get this from? You're not gonna be around. It's impossible. It's impossible. You, you try to listen, you try to recreate it with your friends that have nothing to do with the game of football that you've known all your life. But it would be nothing like being in that locker room. Mm. Nothing. Nope. Alright, Sam, we're gonna get to your favorite, we're gonna get to some NBA news. Oh yeah. Five Seasons with the Knicks. Tom Thibodeau went 2 26 and 1 74 led the Knicks to the playoffs four times, including back to back 50 win seasons, including Eastern Conference finals appearance for the first time in 25 years advanced to, and they advanced to the East East finals.


That wasn't enough. Even Rick Carlisle said today, when I first saw it, I thought it was one of those fake Ai AI things. No way. There's no way. Simba, when you first heard the news, you read it and you are like, man they fired Tibs. What went through your mind? I kind of expected it. I kind of expected it. I feel like Tibs and no disrespect to Tibs 'cause he's a legend, but I feel like his style of coaching is a bit outdated. Hmm. I feel he kind of looks for things that the game doesn't call for anymore. And he doesn't really go deep into his bench and by the time his players get to the fourth quarter, they gassed. And we kind of seen that in the playoffs. We seen Indiana kind of run them back and forth.


He tried to get deep in the bench and basketball, just like football, anything in sports, it's a game of rhythm, You know what I mean? So you can't just throw somebody in the playoffs when they ain't been playing all season in the third quarter and expect them to knock down shots. So I think Brunson could definitely benefit from a different coach. The Knicks could. And I, I don't see, I seen what you guys were saying the other night, I don't see why Tibs kind of brought Cat in if they had the same issue back in Minnesota. I kind of don't get where that came from. But I think, I think the call was a good call. It might be a bit confusing, but I think it was a good call. Hey Unc, In the wake of Ocho, let me read this. In the wake of Tibs fired, more reports have come out about the Nick's coaching staff.


Multiple Nick players have reportedly been unhappy with the presence of assistant coach Rick Brunson, who happens to be the dad of Jalen Brunson per hoops wire. Multiple Nick players have been unhappy with the presence of assistant coach Rick Brunson, who happens to be the father of Star Point guard, Jalen Brunson. What that issue is exactly has not been determined. Those sources suggest that Rick has too big of a say in things. Well is he probably gonna be the interim coach or maybe the coach that, that stepped in? Nah, they gonna hire a new coach. He ain't gonna be there them, he ain't gonna be nothing. No. So you don't Think you gonna move Him? Coach they getting him outta there? No, I don't think, I don't think they, no, I don't think they're gonna give him the job. I don't think if they would've, they, oh, okay.


I think Leon Rose and Worldwide West, who runs the Knicks for Dolan, they're looking, is it gonna be Bozer? Is it gonna be vocal? Is it gonna be, You know, one of these guy, what's the guy Mike Malone. I like Mike. Mike Malone. Yeah, I like Mike Malone. And listen, hey, I, the, the funny thing about it is, is Tibs Tibs led the, the Knicks to one of their greatest, not greatest season, but he took them very far. It's been a very, very long time since they've been in a game of that magnitude or a series of that magnitude. And when you look at the records of the past coaches, I mean, he's done the best.


Again, I I I agree with Sam based on what I've come, You know, the little bit of basketball knowledge that I do have is he does run and plays into the ground and they, they were tired. They were tired. Especially when they got to the back end of the season. The back end of the series. Yeah. Them boys ain't had no legs. But lemme ask you a question. Okay? It is like, oh man, they lost to, they lost to the, they lost to the Pacers. Had they be, had they lost to Boston? Would you still have fired it? Mm. Because I think the thing is maybe, maybe beating the, beating the Celtics, who's the defending champs? Maybe that set them on unreal unrealistic expectations because now, man, we knocked off Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown, the team that won the championship just a year ago won 60 games and now we lose to the Pacers.


But if you go back to look at the Pacers, they got five, six guys of double figures every game. That's what they do. They're committee. So you don't know who gonna light your ass up for one or two games. It might be aka another game. It might be Ne ne Smith another game. It might be Halliburton. So you, you, it's hard for you to determine, well who do we take away? Mm. Who do we take away? So I think that's what happened. I think once they beat the Celtics, everybody's like, oh Nick, oh man, Nicks going to the finals. Yep. Oh, we got the Pacers. The Pacers just beat y'all last year in game seven on y'all home court. I was one Of them people too, right there. My bad. This was, this was, this was a worst matchup for the Knicks because the thing that the Pacers do to Knicks don't do well is get back on defense.


If you look at the Pacers, they're looking to run, make or miss, they'll take it out the, they'll take it off the rim or they'll take it out the net. You saw the last game, weren't you? Yeah. The Nicks make a basket and, and and in one pass They they they score Pascal Alki is Euro stepping, laying the ball up Up the floor. So, and you look at it. So now you got Kat and people complain, they were complaining about Kat playing defense. When have you known Kat as a defensive guy? So what you gave up, getting Mikhail Bridges, all those draft picks, you weaken your bench. Yeah. And in the process of weakening your bench, now you got to ride guys got the play guys extending minutes into regular season and you overload 'em come playoff time.


He expanded it. But if you remember the first couple series, he was only playing them playing seven guys. And then it got to the point he was playing eight, nine guys, it's too late. Too late. I agree. I agree. I think in New York might tear me up for this, but I think Boston lost that series more than New York wanted. Mm. And what I mean by that was we didn't see great coaching from Tibs in the first two games. We seen Boston get comfortable in the Knicks making incredible comeback twice we didn't see great coaching and great tactics. And I think Boston kind of just like what you just said, how the Knicks felt about the Pacers felt that way about the Knicks. Like, oh we got the Knicks, we got this, it's easy.


And they kind of got comfortable let they feet off the gas and they suffered in the long run. Well what happened was that they shooting all them damn threes and you see what happened Now when you make 'em, that's great. Yep. But what happens when you miss 'em and now they don't because they've been so successful making those threes come crunch time, clutch time, they can't run no sets. They still jacking up a bunch of threes and you see the Knicks operating every time they getting layups, they getting whatever they want to get. True man. I mean Tim's like, well damn I prob we should, we probably should have lost to the Celtic because I do believe, and I could, and I could be totally wrong, Sam, but I believe because they beat the Celtics, they had unrealistic expectations.


They thought they were gonna have a cakewalk to the NBA finals. Yeah, I to, I totally agree with that. Let me ask you guys this. Where do you see tibs going and what do you think is the next head coach for the Knicks? Hey, well you got some guys out there. You got Mike Malone, you got Bozer, you got Frank Vogel. Hell give Sam Ella a chance. There you go. Hold on, hold on. What about Mark Jackson? Bring Mark back. Hey, he played in the garden, he's from New York. I'm trying to think who, I'm trying to think who's, who's a hot a hot candidate?


Stephen A. Smith man. Stephen a ain't tried to. Stephen a ain't tried to coach no basketball. I'm like look, I mean Sam, Mark Jackson. I don't even, hell you don't even hear Mark Jackson ain't even mention for coaching. Yeah. Yeah. It feels like they completely pushed Mark Jackson out. I think Mike Malone would be great for New York. I think his style of coaching would be great for the city. It'd be great for Brunson, but I also think they gotta bring somebody else in there that can knock down some shots. So Brunson ain't controlling the ball so much because I feel it slows the offense down when he's doing that in the fourth quarter.


And sometimes when Anna Nobie is getting going or Kat might be getting going or Bridges might get going now Brunson kind of comes in and he takes the next four shots and it kind of gets everybody outta rhythm. So I definitely think they gotta bring in another ball handler or score or something to help complete it. Hey, what about the names mentioned IME Yoka, Jason Kidd, both of those guys have current jobs. Jay Wright, Mike Brown, former coach of v Dova Brown, Luke Walk. Mike Brown. Mike Brown. Luke, why? Where's Luke Wal at now? I just saw him on somebody. Is he with the Cavs? I saw him somewhere New York could tell Luke Walton up. Huh?


Pistols. Yeah, that's what I saw. JBJ Bicker. But you got Boozer who lost a job, got a job, got fired, you have Vogel who had a job, got a job, got fired. Mike Brown got fired after he had just signed the contract extension. Boo knows. Had another four years left on his contract. Vogel had another four years left on his contract. I mean, hey, matter of fact, Feels like the last 10 years of coaches of the year got got fired. Yep. It Gotta be the right coach too to deal with that New York atmosphere. Everybody ain't built for that. Definitely.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earned you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Draymond Green says he would rather lose in the first round than the NBA finals. Black Sports Online tweeted about Draymond Comics said, I can call, I can call this my LeBron theory and you can use it for any elite player. It is better to go undefeated in the finals than and go to a bunch of finals and lose if LeBron was four on the finals as opposed to four and six. Would the perception be different if the same thing was really simple? What do you think? I agree. I want I 1000% agree man. It's it's, that's a tough thing to do, right? You gotta think about you, you guys play professional sports. Think about all the thing that goes on from on the field off the field, right? And to win a championship or even to get to the finals playoffs, let alone y'all gotta be on one accord.


You know? So to constantly keep getting there that shows the signs of greatness, whether you keep failing or not. You, you still keep getting there. Everybody locked, like to talk about Mike getting there six times and, and him winning the six rings and everything like that. But he also had a road of trying to get there. That was a process. LeBron kind of got there a little faster, so I agree with him. Yeah, because LeBron before nor in the finals as opposed to four and six now that's still four wins. If you ask people say LeBron got five rings. If you ask me, I count that in season tournament Because here's the thing, Sam, let's just say for the sake of argument, LeBron got four rings in 22 seasons.


They gonna say what he do in the other 18 seasons Go to the finals. So I I get it. It it is just like, look, social media and, and social media has its place, it's done a lot of good. It's made a lot of people famous. It's made a lot of people wealthy beyond expectations. But I think the thing is, is that now everybody is a general manager. Everybody is a a, a coach. Everybody is a player personnel director. Everybody is a a a a former NFL player or former NBA player or or MLB player. And so it gives everybody this, everybody has an opinion now. Yeah.


Whereas before a lot of these guys, it'd been very interesting if, let's just say we start, we gonna start social media in the eighties and everybody can have an opinion. When Jordan was getting bounced in the first round, I wonder how they would take that if he the best player, if he'd the goat because they crowned him to go in 1989. They said he's the greatest player we've ever seen with no finals appearances. And the crazy thing about that, I just seen something the other day, I think, what was it? NBA did the deal with NBC in 89 or something like that. So we didn't even get to see like those first couple years of July, where's the tape of everybody talking?


Like we see highlights, but like we didn't get to see everything. So it's like No, he, they, you didn't see, you didn't see basketball game. There was not ba a whole lot of, you didn't get a opportunity to watch basketball during the week. You watched basketball on Sunday. Got You. Now once the playoffs started, okay, that was a different story. But I, I grew up in the era where the games were tape delayed. Even the NBA finals, the playoff was tape delayed. You didn't get an opportunity to see those. Wow. So, and when, when, when it first started, the first round was the best two out of three. You win two games and then you advance and then you went to the semifinals. And if you won three out of five, the best of seven wasn't until the conference finals and the NBA finals.


And it used to be you got three shots to make two or the free throw line. Hmm. And so once you got to the bonus, you got three shots to make two. Yeah. See I, I think bro LeBron would've dominated in that era. And just like if we, if we look at it like the role LeBron had to travel, right? We talking about somebody that's coming in from high school, he 18, 18 years old, all his criticism on him, and this is like when the internet is kind of coming into his age, absolutely got an opinion on him. Mike didn't necessarily have to deal with that type of pressure. Now Mike did deal with people outside the hotel rooms waiting on them and newspaper articles.


But like you just said, with social media today, it's one thing, it's a bittersweet thing. Everybody has an opinion, but everybody opinion is invalidated because they haven't done it. Right? Right. So I can't come to you Unc and tell you, I Think you wrong about anything in football. I ain't never played in the NFL. Who am I to tell you as a fan, I could give you my opinion and that's what I always try to speak from, from a fan perspective. Right. But when we talking about people that did it at a high level, sometimes you just gotta shut up. You know what I mean? And listen to what the greats is saying. I mean, it's not very often that an 18-year-old gets to come in. He's the number one overall pick and they hand him the keys to the franchise.


Yeah. They said, okay, we're gonna go, we're only gonna go as far as you take us. And he lived up to It. Now he didn't have a whole lot of experience. He didn't get an opportunity to go to college and, and learned under a legendary coach. He didn't, I mean, think about what he, what he had. He came from a single parent home and he bounced around. So everything that you see, he's kinda like had to had to get it on his own. He had like trial and, and he hadn't had, You know, he hadn't had any missteps for the most part. Yeah. You could say people are like, well what about, what about the, the decision? Well the girl, girls and boys club got 500,000. Exactly. That wasn't no misstep. Exactly. Because guess what, somebody wanted to hear it.


I tell you what if you, you think it's a misstep, if, if he wasn't who he was, tell somebody else to have a decision Yep. And see how they get covered. Yep. No, that I, I told I'm totally with you. I think in my opinion, Brian is the greatest to ever do it. I think he went up against some of the greatest talent, right? Like Dwight Howard, we talking about Baby Shaq in his prime. Like you gotta go up against that seven games, right? You gotta go up against the San Antonio Spurs. So he beat the Spurs, You know what I mean? Like they had to go up against the Dallas Mavericks who was incredible. We may not look at them as the most athletic team, but them as a team, the Dallas Mavericks around that time, they were incredible.


Yeah. And then to top it off, Kevin Durant and the Warriors. Yeah. You know what I mean? And that's My thing. Everything You had to go up against, where Would you, and that's what I always tell people of all the NBA champions, where would you rank that 17, 18 Warriors team? How many teams in history would you have over them? That, let's just go back to the nineties. When Jordan won his championships, what team did he face? Was the 17, 18 Warriors for the Seattle? No. Was it Utah? No. Was it Portland? No. Was it Phoenix? I'm just trying to figure out, and so you looking at it, look, I mean think about it on that team you got Steph and Clay, I mean Steph and Draymond, all 75 team.


You look at Portland, not Portland. Mm. San Antonio. Tim Duncan's all 70, 75th anniversary team Kauai 75th anniversary team. Manu ISS not a 75th anniversary guy, is he? I don't think so. Tony Parker is Tony Parker one. I don't think Tony Parker won. I Don't think so. Yeah. But but they, they make it seem like the, on the on the only, the only, the only team that I think they should have beat. But when you go back and look at it, the Mavericks swept see people sweep this outta the rugs. Them that Mavericks team swept the Lakers team that had just went back to back.


I just said we, we, we forget about that because they weren't the most sexy, they wasn't athletic, but that was a great team. They swept the Lakers that had just went back to back. They had a gentleman sweep on OKC. But still for me, I think that was the only time that LeBron has probably been favored and he didn't win. And it's, it could, it was a thing I truly believe of him and D Wade didn't know who team it was yet. So I think they, That case, I think they was looking for each other to lead and kind of see who was going to take the lead and it was kind of getting too late.


By that time, the, the Mavericks had already won two games. Right. Adam Silver on the NBA All-Star game. Next season at the Clippers Intuit Dome, the All Star game will feature some form Team USA versus team world. All Star Game now will be in the afternoon instead of the evening. You like that change, Sam? I don't know. I don't know. I feel like all Star game is, it is been a tragedy the past few years. Oh man. It's been a tragedy And, and I think when things keep becoming a tragedy and you keep trying things and it's not working, just go back to the original way.


Just go back to, to original way. But the thing is though, to them, they don't play anymore. See 'em, I, I don't wanna see no game on T and the NB they scoring 200 points Sam, but You know, because Now all it is is dunks and threes, they ain't play no defense. But You know why that is. You know, like I know those weekends ain't about the game no more. Nah, it's part of the city. It used to be about the game. You, they not coming in there. Anthony Edwards had about nine events on Saturday, seven on Friday, three on Thursday, a brunch on Sunday before the game. I'm tired man. They got me doing all this. So they, they gotta find a way to bring the events kind of down a little bit or something to get these players time to kind of enjoy their families, enjoy their week off and show up on Sunday.


Ready to play And play. They gotta play, play. But Ocho I I, I said this, I remember when I, when I saw this thing going left with the Pro Bowl, I said they gonna cancel this before You know it. Nah man. Nah, I said I'm telling you they not finna keep paying y'all this money. They paying y'all Ocho, they paid 'em a hundred thousand just to compete. I remember. And we was compet Ocho you went shortly after I, after I left the league, y'all probably was making 15, 20,000 Tops. It wasn't that much. Now they making, now you get 80, you get a hundred thousand. If you win you get 50, 75,000. If you lose and got now they out there playing touch football, now they've turned it into a flag football and they got all these festivities where, You know, you try to hit the bullseye and you hit a mo.


I'm like, come on dude. Yeah. And I, I don't think back, back then when we played on, I mean everything, it was about competing and it was competitive. Yes. Might have been the All Star game. It might have been a Pro Bowl where You know, those that were selected. But when it was time to play, man, hey sim boy, it was real, You know when George, Kobe and them boys and Shaq, them boys when they made off when they, they had an all star game. Oh, they was finna play. Yeah. I I feel like too, it was a different level of focus back in y'all time because it wasn't so many distractions. So everybody was kind of like zoned in on they crafts, zoned in on what it is they did. So when they came to play with a Ocho right, when Charles Woodson got a guard of Ocho, he wanna prove his point out there.


Right. Absolutely. I'm trying to prove mine. Yeah. Now everybody I Told, Hey Phil, I told Ocho, I said look, when I went across that water I was looking to light somebody ass up 1 0 1 because I didn't want you to Think you get back to the main land and could cover me. You couldn't cover me across the water. You can't cover me on the mainland. So don't even come up with that bull drive now. Yeah. Oh that's fine. But I was just like, and and and and and the thing is, like you said, now it's a layup or three four shot. Hey. Oh but I said bro y'all, y'all quick to holler Jordan, y'all quick to holler Kobe. Y'all don't say nothing about them when it comes to the All Star game. Y'all don't mention Kobe or Jordan but y'all quick. That's all about they they was killers. Yeah. Okay. When y'all going be turning some killers at All Star game?


Yeah, I think it's just a different time now. Unc like, man I seen this shout out to Jason Crow Jr. A young player coming up out here in California. I went to one of his games and I seen a few players and they was just talking and one of these kids was like, as long as I get a NIL deal, I don't even worry, worry about going to NBA. Yeah. And I was like man, like the the competitive nature of just grinding and wanting to achieve your goal. And and that process is gone now because these kids getting so, so much money. You go to some of these colleges, the parking lot look like a Benz dealership. Like it does.


It's different. It ain ain't it Ain't no more ain't no more scat packs. No hell cast all no track hawks. Them jokes got Ferrari. They got Lambos, they got colored ins in there. Yep. I'm like damn. Yep. Listen though, you see that's a, that's a short dream. You shortchanging yourself. You know the big dream, the big money. I mean listen, NIL ain IL well that's going, That's good money that hey that hold over. But I'm trying to get to 50, 7,000 mil Until you see everybody else you play with getting 250 million. You talking about some damn IL money man. She Speaking, speaking of that quick question for both of y'all. What's something from you guys' childhood that fueled y'all work ethic?


I ain't have no running water. I gotta do it. Going outside with the mosquitoes biting you and you gotta take rain and spread to keep the mosquitoes off you. And you gotta put a, you gotta put a overcoat on to go go out in the woods that that'll, that'll motivate you. Mm. You ain't got no indoor plumbing, you ain't got no running water, you ain't got no air condition that'll motivate you. True. You, I mean you go like a warehouse and they got cement floors. That's what we had. That'll motivate you. You got a tin roof and you can look up and you can see the sun that'll motivate you. Sometimes an empty stomach is all the motivation you need. True Sam, I had, I had kids early boy, I had kids early and obviously my dream, my dream was to play in the NFL and I had put in too much work as a little shortage as a legit.


And I, I had to make it. I told 'em, I said, but I'm, I'm gonna make it to the league. I remember telling coaches in high school, remember telling teachers I was gonna make it. They told me I was gonna never, I never was gonna mount to nothing and I needed that. Gave me, gave me a little chips so I'm gonna make it obviously and having kids early. So I gotta be, I gotta take care of these kids. Boy, I ain't have didn't have no choice and I wanted to be good at my craft. I wanted to be good. I didn't need to. But whenever I left the game, people gonna say boy he was one of the, one of the best to ever play that, that was that that was motivating boy, An empty stomach and an empty wallet. What more motivation you need Facts.


And they ain't even nobody else too, You know, Motivated and what does she need? That's it. Your grandma's like, hey, hey boy, hey ain't got no lights, ain't got no phone to phone off because you can't pay a $50 phone bill and they ain't got no lights. So You know, you gotta, you gotta, my grandma gotta ju some stuff around and you gotta make do until she can come up till the next payday. Yeah. Oh yeah. Alright son, you gotta go, go out there and get some eggs because we ain't got no eggs. So now we gotta go out there and get eggs. We gotta find eggs, we gotta run the gins off the eggs man, please. You know, that's the, You know, I, I hate Sam and I is people that You know, it needs to be done right, but you willing your friends to do it, like there's no self-motivation.


You can't get nothing done unless somebody else is doing it with you. So that mean you fooling yourself, you fooling yourself. And I used to, I used to have that same problem. Yeah. I used to have that same problem because I was afraid of fear. Yeah. And I was afraid of felon by myself. So I was like, I either wanna win with somebody or we fail together. And one thing I had to learn is like, God don't bless mess. Oh. You know what I'm saying? So you might bring in the wrong person. You might have the wrong person that you trying to walk into a situation that he don't belong in and it's like, God ain't gonna grant you what you looking for because you bringing, you bringing damaged goods to the table of what I'm trying to set for you, man. So I had to, I had to learn how to develop that confidence for myself of just sitting in that studio writing and being in, in this room and You know, looking at my son in the face like, I'm doing it for you bro.


I'm not doing it to because I'm afraid no more. Or bringing all these people with me for validation because I'm afraid of what might happen if they not there. Like, nah, you gotta get up and go do it. If you fail, just fail forward and get up and keep going. Yeah. I remember having, when I had dreams about being something and it wasn't a whole lot of people in my dream, I was like, well damn, I guess he tried to tell me something. Mm. I wasn't supposed to bring a whole lot of people with me. Mm. Oh man. Even, even, even, even the biggest planes can only carry so much of a load. Even the biggest planes Ocho even the biggest cargo planes, there's only, they can only carry so much.


So man that's so, that's so true. My mom, my mom said something to me the other day that it stick with me. I was telling her, she was trying to introduce me to somebody and I was like, ma, I don't even like meeting too many people no more. Because they come around with these expectations and they Think you supposed to do something. And I remember wanting to be in this space and be like, when I get my shot, I'm never going to be mean or turn people down. I'm gonna take every picture. But people take that for granted and my mom says, I was like, it, it's hard for me to get along with people that now I'm, I feel like they don't understand me. And my mom said, she said, she said, when you growing she said, it's not that people don't love you when you growing you hard to understand.


Right. If you, if if someone hasn't tried to grow, you're gonna always be hard to understand because they stuck at where they at and you trying to go somewhere else. And they may see that as, oh you changing and because you not adopting the ideologies they have now you feel like you, they feel like you devalue them when it's just like, nah bro, it might be a better way we could grow together. So that's something I had to learn right there. It's tough. It's tough because You know, a lot of times you want to the people that were around when you didn't have anything. But a lot of times those people, their minds doesn't grow like yours grow. They think just because they're around, they're supposed to always be around.


But at some point in time you can look. I understand, but there has to be value that comes along with something. The New Orleans Pelicans will continue to move forward with Zion Williamson as the face of their franchise per Joe Dumars. I've had some real honest conversations with him. Some real direct and honest conversations. We're going forward with Zion. He's going to continue to be the focal point as we go forward. See Soon as Zion in Milwaukee, man you gotta get a For for for Giannis. You gotta get not for Giannis, let him go play with Yian but you gotta get him out of New Orleans. You you got all that good food out there, you got all you What's that plate?


Dragos, they got that? Yeah, the them, them big oysters over there. You got, You know The the, the crab, the crab cakes. Oh my God you got all that good food man. Get Zion where they got vegan options. You gotta get them, you gotta get them outta New Orleans immediately. I think the run is done. I think the the time has come for them to kind of blow this thing up and let 'em move on. It it, it's over with. Damn Ocho. Hey, You know we, we, we talked about Zion in length, You know, for a very long time now and he hasn't spoken at all. You know, we've all had our, our opinion obviously IIII want to see him play ball whether it's New Orleans, I don't care.


I don't care where it is. I just wanna see him on the court because I know what he can do once he's out there when he is healthy. Yep. Whether, whether it be New Orleans, I'm, I'm not sure what's gonna happen. You know how this business works and most of the players have all the leverage. So unless he says he don't want to be there, he's gonna be a pelican if he's gonna be there. I just wanna see him on the court bro. That's it. It's hard to give up a superstar trade a superstar unless you're gonna get one back in return. And that's why, You know, is he a superstar? He's a star. I a star black. I mean look we had, they like, damn, we had ad we lost ad and the next year we get Zion. Ain't nobody, ain't no stars coming to New Orleans.


And so that's why when these small market team, when they, when they land one of these big fish, they try to hold onto 'em as long as they possibly can. That's why Milwaukee bending over backwards trying to make sure, what do you need? You need 10 Harley Davidsons. Look, get 'em for you. What do you, what do you need? You need an Airbnb and, and and, and and and and Bel believes we'll get it for you because break about it, you go Kareem and then Kareem leaves I think at like 76, 75, 76. It's 30 years before you get Giannis. So it is not you. Not la You got Will you got Jerry West, you got Elgin, Baylor, you got Kareem, you got Magic, you got James worthy, you got Kobe, you got Shaq, you got LeBron, you got ad now you got Luca.


It don't work like that for everybody. It don't work like that for everybody see him. Yeah. So when I get a guy, I'm gonna do everything I possibly can. So Cleveland got LeBron. They Hey you wanna build us? You want you to, okay we'll build our training facility close to where you live in Akron. Okay cool. No problem. You want access? No problem. You want your mama to sit here? No problem. Because what's the likelihood of you ever getting another LeBron James if you Cleveland? It ain't having no. So with that being said, you move heaven and earth and you do everything you can to make sure they're happy.


I look, I agree with you Ocho I just wanted to be healthy. I wanted to be healthy for two years in a row. 'cause I believe he can turn the corner because Zion can't be more than what, 25? Yeah, 24, 25. He's some, he's somewhere around there somewhere. But I'm telling you Unc, in order to keep him healthy, you gotta get him out New Orleans, man. You gotta get him some vegan options. We gotta get him some acai bowls. We gotta get 'em healthy out there. Huh? Like we all wanna see him ball. We wanna see him play but it's always been a dilemma and they just, they can't seem to get it together.


Well good luck with that Joe D look, Joe Debars has been around the game. He be, I mean he's been around the game 40 plus years. He's played with some great players. He put some teams together and so we'll see what he can do.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a a Gemini credit card, you can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Euro Cup champion Tel Aviv are expected to make Russell Westbrook an offer never before seen in European basketball. Should Russ accept the money or stay basically he's gonna be on a mid-level or, or or or minimum contract. Ocho sim. Does he take the big dollars to go overseas or does he stay right here? No. When you say big dollars, how much we talking? I mean, I mean in order to make it make sense it's probably gonna need to be 12 15 million. That's it. Nah, Well consider he make four 5 million in the NBA. Hell Nah, he going nowhere. There ain't enough.


Absolutely not. Not for someone in his caliber. What's the most money somebody's made in European basketball? Can we find that? We need to get, we need a ai, anybody want to advertise so we can just pull that up and it just pop up on my screen. So No, I think, I don't think Russ need the money man. You know Russ is invested in a lot of things. Oh no, No, no. Russ don't need the money. Yeah, I I don't think he'll go out there and play for the money And then he don't wanna be away from his family. He ain't moving his family overseas. That's A real lady. I think his wife name Nina. He got kids, he got twins and not, he ain't going Uhuh absolutely not.


Makes no sense. And they couldn't offer him, they couldn't offer him enough any. Oh hell nah. The most money anybody's ever made in Europe is $4 million a year. Nah, It's over That Ain't they might as well. They might as well get after me. Huh? They might as well get after me. I go out there and give 'em 12 and 10, You know what I'm saying? I give them, Hey not, You know it can get crazy now if the Saudis had a league now they, Oh like they like, they got like they got a soccer Now. They could pull, they could pull some NBA players if outta there. They Oh yeah. You see what Ronaldo was getting? Man, Don't know please.


200 million a year? Hell yeah. LeBron will leave for 200 million a year. A a year. That's ridiculous. Yeah, I gone over there. Hey, gone over there for a quick 4, 4, 4, 5 years. Damn. 200 a year Unc. I ain't never coming back. Yeah. Hey, as a matter of fact, get me a place to do with no taxes. I don't think, I don't think he probably don't even play taxes on it. And they gave him a jet and they gave him a, a, a, a, what's it called? Like a house? Everything. Yeah, they gave him a house. Yeah. Hey, that money over there different man. They got it. They got it.


Big money. A Selma check this out. Apparently Ocho was in the gym today and he was tossing around some one twentys. Apparently we got video evidence. Let's see what we Got here. Hey, hey. I'm, I'm just trying to figure out, I don't see, no sir. I got, we gotta zoom in. We gotta see the one 20 'cause them could be Them. Damn them damn weights bigger than my damn chest. Talking about they could be. You know what it is? Yeah. There's some big weights. Oh yeah. Them some big weights. Okay. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm strong now. I'm strong.


I just look like this Four Woo. Five five. It is a life finding. Nah, nah, nah, nah. No. We don't do anything less than six. Who? Who? We don't do anything less than six. Listen, I, when I go in there tomorrow, right. Tomorrow is legs for me. Right. But Sam, just for him, I wanna show him. I saw Aren Donald doing one thirties. Right. So I'm like, okay, Aren don doing one thirties. I know I could do one twenties, I could do five. So tomorrow I'm gonna go to one forties. I'm I'm gonna do a set while I'm fresh. You ain't gonna do nothing. Listen To me. Unc, you, you, you told me I couldn't do one twenties and I just gave you five right there. But he did it on the incline.


I can Do the Inc. Class. What's the fuck? It's me. Look at you. What you mean? What's the difference? It's me. It's me. I could do that man. You keep telling me what I can't do and I keep showing you I could do it. You told, Hey sim you gonna see me tomorrow. Right. I'm gonna post it. Tomorrow's leg day. But I just wanna show Unc I could do one 40 and I'm gonna do it on incline. 'cause he just told me I couldn't, he a, he sound like my teachers in high school. They told me about. He Sound like nothing. Nah, I'm on Nightcap. You know what I mean? There it is. Unc. He said he gonna do it tomorrow. I'ma let, I'ma let him, I'ma let him have it. He gonna catch me. I I'm gonna sneak in the Florida one day and catch 'em in the gym.


Let everybody see what I, for what they doing real bad. What you, what you putting up in there Unc? What you looking like in there? Nothing, Nothing, nothing. We, Hey, listen, we lift the same amount of weight and No, we about the same size right now, but we lift the same amount of weight. Keep Talking about it still. Right. Sam, right now I lost, I lost about 20 pounds. I got a little something going on right now. But give me a give, give, give gimme a little bit of time. I I'll get past that more. I deal with you down the road, Joe. You listen, you done lost weight and I'm gaining weight, but it's cool. That's okay. I still, I probably still could do those one 20. I ain't at the one fifties like, like I used to be, but I give me, I tell you.


Whoa, whoa. Hold on. Gimme Six months, one fifties. You do one fifties. Okay then I do one fifties tomorrow. Just to show you where I'm at. Man. You gonna cave your grill In man. Listen. Hey, hey. Si. You know, not on no funny shit. You could see, you could see the frame. Man. I'm, I'm sculpting like a, like a Greek. Like a Greek God, man, I, I just hoodie on so you really can't see it. And You know my girl be tripping about having my shirt off. So. No, I thought you, I thought you had a, what you call a Nightcap tattooed on your chest. I Oh, you got a hoodie on. Oh, I damn. I like damn. He really like amp. He done got tattoo. Yeah. Hey listen uncle, I'm ready. I'm ready for the summer man.


I said when does summer start? Summer's here. I be June 20th, June 21st, 22nd official summer. Hey Bro. Age boy. From what? I, We appreciate you stopping. Go ahead. Go. What Y some summer's here. I seen some nice soft legs today. Unc Summer's here. You seen some what? Some nice soft legs. Some soft leg. I got tunnel vision. I ain't seen nothing M No, I appreciate, I appreciate y'all for having me man. Big fan of the show as y'all already know. Love we going up tomorrow for the NBA final shout out to the Payout Scouts big watch party tomorrow. Love what y'all doing here at Nightcap man. Appreciate you. Oh, appreciate you.


Love y'all keep killing me man. Appreciate you Bro. Man. Tell us where we can find you. What? What are you on our ig? You got a Facebook, you got what? YouTube. What you got going on? Tell us where we can find you At the real symbol on all platforms. That's T-H-E-R-E-A-L-S-Y-N-B-A. You could find that amongst all socials man. And keep supporting Nightcap because we like to do something before two something. That's what I'm talking about Sam. We appreciate that man. All the best continued success when you get some time, stop back by again for Us. Definitely will. Huh? Appreciate y'all. Alright guys. Oh Joe, we gonna get you outta here on this one. And now's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Hey uncle.


You know huh? And the thing were nice and clean and nice and slow too. Quentin Moby said, oh, Joe was having a seizure with them one 20 dumbbells today. That ball was shaking worse than a woman in area 29. Hashtag much love. Nah, IHE ain't talking. They making jokes but I wasn't shaking. I was nice and slow with perfect form Shaking like a lee on three 90 degree angle. I don't think, Hey, You know what's funny? I think people don't really understand how heavy that is. Huh? I mean you, you see it all the time. You've done it all the time. But I think people go to the casual gym where they, where they don't even have 120 pound dumbbells.


I don't think they understand how heavy that is. I'm really like that. I told you if she ain't 180 Dr. Frankie L Belly, Hey fam, what's one thing today players do better than your era and what's one thing they'll never touch from your generation? Their mortality. Right? Players. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh, It's called evolution. Yeah. Yeah, it's called technology. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Yep. That what happens? They got better diet, they got better training, they got a better, they got, they got, they starting from a better foundation. De most definitely. I do think we have a better appreciation. Yes.


But I ain't finna sit there and say, oh You know, look, there are certain players that were talented, but I'm talking about overall the talent in all sports because they got better training, they got better nutrition, they got better technology. Just the way it's, I mean, think about how, look, think about when Tiger, tiger 1997 burst onto the scene. Think about how far he was hitting the golf ball. He was the only one that could do it. Now they got 20 ball, 20 guys, 30 guys that could hit the golf ball. As far as Tiger. Look at the guy. When we, we were in awe the way Reggie Miller and Larry Bird and, and, and Mark Christ.


Them guys shot the ball man. They got got, they got three, four guys a team that shoot the cover off the ball. It is what it is. Ocho. I accept it. I don't know man. You know man, my look, my generation, we did, we did. But they got better technology now they got more. It's called advancement. You know how I know Look at medicine, they don't do surgeries the same way. Ocho ain't no guy missing. Your career is not over when you have ACL. Yeah. Your career is not over when you have an Achilles injury. I mean, stuff that used to people were done.


Yeah. Now guys come back. Kevin, look at Kevin Durant and somebody didn't tell you, you wouldn't know Kevin Durant came, came off an the Achilles injury. Lady Ray, finally back. Lady Ray. Hey guys, loving Shannon. T who's your favorite Simpson character? Mine is Ralphie. Who's Chu Bart? Yeah, Homer Bart. Lisa. Marge. You can't name all of 'em. We say who's your favorite one? But I'm just saying Ash was asking me do I know any of the Simpson characters?


Look, I like the Simpsons American dads mad. Okay, What about South Park? Who Stewart give Gimme, gimme Bryan. Funny Boy. Funny. You watch South Park. I watched a little bit of it. Oh, you have a favorite character or you don't know most of them? I, I don't really know the character. I used to watch What, what's the one that used to come on? MTV, beavers or Butthead? Nah, that was funny. So if I had to say over, man, Simpson's been oh damn near 40 years after 30 something people and reason years they was, they was coming on when I was in college.


It was funny. And for some reason the Simpsons are very good at predicting history, but they damn, they're close to it every time. They ain't no goddamn coincidence. Yep. Every time. Nope. You right. Izzy r said Unc and Ocho you were both leaders in your locker room. How would you have handled the Dolphins bullying scandal if that would've happened in your locker room endeavor? Baltimore, Cincinnati. Well, first of all, that would've never happened. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody gonna be saying all that. What, what happened? They said it wasn't bullying, but there was some racial appetite being, being thrown around in the locker room.


Now to the extent of it, I don't know. I wasn't there. But that ain't what we did. What we Talking about bullying? When I know we ain't talking. I guess a Richard, Richard Kognito. Yeah, incognito and, and and, and, and Martin Goddamn bull. You grown ass man, man in the NFL you 300 something pounds talking about somebody bull hit your ass. No, we don't do that. But even if it wasn't bullying, we ain't going, we ain't gonna be hurling no racial lip attachment around this. Oh. Oh, I I don't remember that part. Okay, my bad. But look, hopefully they got it resolved. I mean, look, our locker room was harmonious.


Did, did guys fight down? Yeah, but they fought over. They fought over, You know, Fight. Oh, they fought the locker room. Damn training camp. We had to get Tracy, You know, Hey, you say the wrong thing or You know something, You know, Hey, I look, I I think sometimes don't your people think because you make X amount of dollars that some of the same things that will set somebody off that doesn't make money will set a person off that make money. And I tell you guys ain't gonna let, there's a certain level, I don't care how big you are, how old you are, certain guys ain't gonna let, just let you blatantly disrespect them because no matter where you are, the number one currency is respect.


So Casey Taylor, start bench cut, deuce McAllister, ward Dunn, Brian mc, Brian Westbrook, Unc this is for you. So Ocho, you got Deuce McAllister Warren Dunn? No, No, he said Unc. He said Unc. No, no, no. This is for No, he said Unc for you. I got Alga. Crumpler. Randy McMichael. Chris Cooley. So I got the tight end. You got the running backs. You want me to go first? Yeah, I'm gonna go first. You want me to go first or you going first? I'm going first. Okay. I'll take, I'll, I'll start.


Alga. Crumpler. Ooh, six in one hand. Half a dozen. The other, I guess I go McMichael Ben, she and, and, and cut Cooley. But you can go either way. I mean, I mean I, I probably should start Cool Bitch Cooley and Randy McMichael, but I go, I'll go algae. Randy or Cooley. So I got Deuce McAllister Walk done in, in Brian Westbrook. Oh my God. Nah, I I it is, my start is out of Brian Westbrook and, and War Dunn.


I just, I'm trying to figure out which one was Brian West. They're very similar guys. Ready say the same thing. Very similar guys Who was a little bit more dynamic. Brian Westbrook was nice. War Dunn was nice as well. They both played the same. They can catch the ball out the back. Uc. McAllister was a big back Uhuh. Yep. He was, he Was a big boy. I wonder who had a better career at Outta Warwick. And see that's because, You know Warwick had started at Tampa. In Atlanta. Yeah. In Atlanta. Yeah. I remember Dan.


That's a good one. Well, give us a good answer. You know What I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with War Done Sing before what he does in the community. I'm gonna start war. I'm gonna start work done. Yep. Live of single mothers. I'm a bench, I'm a bench Westbrook and I love, I love Deuce. That's my boy, my New Orleans Saint Dog. I'm, I'm, I'm on my cut deuce. Damn sir. K said my guy. Should Michael Parsons play sit out until he gets a car? His contract? Well, look, he's at OTAs. I don't know if he's doing it. I don't know if he's like participating, but I know he shows up. He's getting his workout in, probably doing his conditioning, but he probably not doing anything on the field.


I think they're gonna get something done before he goes. He keeps telling them his David mug letter is his agent. Jerry is trying to get it, You know, Hey, I can talk to Michael, blah, blah, blah. No you didn't, you, but he didn't do all this stuff. He didn't do this with with that. He didn't try to go to Dax, say, Hey Jack, let's work this contract out. He went through time France. But he also, also, what he did is he waited till the last minute. But I'm saying he tried to circumvent, Oh, like he going, He didn't do that with Tony Romo. He didn't say, Hey, hey Romo. Now all of a sudden he want to do Anything about it is Mike ain't falling for it.


If You know Mike, if you No, no, should No Nor shouldn't. Listen. You know, Mike, he didn't do that with Mike. He didn't do that with Mike. He didn't do that with Emmy. He didn't do that with Troy. He didn't do that with time. I'm trying to figure out now why he trying to do this. If, If, if You know Micah personally, he ain't falling for that. Nor you Not falling for that. No. Aren Owens and I get my birthday. Shout out. It is my 29th birthday. Aren happy 29th. Hopefully you did some, I don't know if it was yesterday or is it today? 'cause it's, if you're on the East coast, it's today or it was yesterday. But whatever the case may be, hopefully you have a blessed and enjoyable birthday.


Celebrate many more of these things. Hopefully you did something fun, got an opportunity to share it with family, friends, and loved ones. So happy birthday, Aren. Happy birthday and thank you for supporting Nightcap. That completes this episode of Nightcap. We wanna thank our special guest, the Teron Armstead, the Pro Bowler. He retired after years in New Orleans and Miami. He says, You know what? Body just can't take it anymore. I got a standard in which I play too. I can no longer play at that level and the Bay Area. LA Bass now, talented rapper, my boy Simba. Sam, thanks for stopping by man.


We really, really appreciate that. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own, the guy that Shadow boxing, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your continued support. Thank you for helping Nightcap ascend to the heights that we've ascended to. None of this is possible without you, so thank you for your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock now. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you best believe over the next five or six months we're coming to a city or a state to for you.


But in the meantime, if you cannot find it, order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. Please rate responsible and stay safe. Go check out my media company, Pedro, all of his platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company with 84 being spelled out and my clothing company. That's my clothing company, 84. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are very limited now. Once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Again, we wanna thank our special guest, Ron Armstead and Simba. Thank you guys for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow night after game, one of the NDA Finals Indiana Pacers travel to Oklahoma to take on the OKC Thunder.


We'll see you tomorrow after the game. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. See you tomorrow. The volume. This is an iHeart podcast.