
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the Jets season? Look no further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts, the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Fantasy Football fans. The NFL season is here, and now is the time to do your homework. The best way to do that homework is to listen to the NFL Fantasy Football Podcast. Come hang out with me, Marcus Grant, as well as my pal Michael f Florio, as we give you all the insight you need to set the best lineups each week For a smart, fun, and entertaining pat to league domination. The NFL Fantasy Football Podcast is the show for you. Subscribe now and listen to the NFL Fantasy Football Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume, the 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hey Ocho, you are feeling a bit sluggish? Slump Ali Pop's. New citrusy Ridge Rush is filled with wholesome energy. What's That now? Caffeine energy from green tea. Whoa, Whoa. Okay. Okay. Plus fiber and delicious, crisp, citrusy taste. Okay. Okay. I'm feeling this energy. Basically it's that good clean bug. Whoa, Whoa. Hold on. Now I'm feeling this Energy. Sorry guy carried away there. But you guys at home can find Op New Ridge rush flavor in a store near you.


I am your favorite uncle. He is your favorite. Number 85. We are nightcap and thank you, thank you, thank you. I appreciate you. Hey man, lemme get the lights. I can't even see the people, man. Lemme get the lights on in here, man. Lemme get the lights on. There we go. Okay. How y'all doing? Y'all good? Yeah. Great Looking crowd. Ocho. Hey, before we start, before we start, I got something new. Go ahead. I need y'all to do me a favor. Everybody's standing up right? Giving them likes from whole time. Grab the person hand next to you. Boy, you trying to get somebody Slap? Hold on, hold on, hold On. You trying to get somebody slap. Hey, Listen to me. Grab the person hand next to you.


Now you don't know you before you eat dinner. You, you start with prayer, right? Goddamn. Grab the person hand next to you and by your head. All right. Y'all ready? Yeah. We bow here. We Ready? Now Repeat after me. Dear God. God, I'd like to thank you. Thank you for allowing us, for allowing us to be here tonight. Be here tonight because, because we finna have Have a hell of a show. A hell of a show, bitch. Yeah, you stand. I hope the music came on that last part. God did hear that one. Yeah. Thank you guys.


Have a seat. Fat boy. Where you at? Fat Boy. All right Guys, thank you for coming out here tonight. Welcome to our summer session tour. There's no place Better to be. Atlanta was unbelievable. Houston, we need you guys to top the energy that we had in Atlanta. That's what I'm talking about. The bar is open during the show. Make sure you guys make your way back there. We have my, my Cognac Shade by La Poitier. I know some of you guys have tried it and it's unbelievable. It's smooth. It goes down very well. We also have merch. Our merch table is over there.


And. we have the heat of the moment. Drinks sponsored by Robe. Man, that Robbie gotta talk about that, man. Trust me. It the red pill. That's all I'm gonna say. The Red Pill. Op Spirit sponsored by Op and there's a a, a mezcal you don't drink. So I know you don't know Mezcal Mary sponsored by Oscar Meyer. I I drank that. What? Call it, what's it called? Ms. Cam Mary. Oh, I know, I know a Mary. Ah, yeah, I bet you. Yeah, I know a Mary. Make sure you guys start by merch table at the front of the lobby. Get yourselves a T-shirt, hat and some Houston's hat. So thank you guys for, again, for showing up. We're gonna get right into the show, Ocho.


Yeah. We have a new segment called What's Ali popping off where we discuss trending and topics that's making headlines in sports and culture. Big shout out to Ali Pop, who was our first sponsor of the Nightcap Summer tour. And thank you guys for being the presenting sponsor. So what exactly is Ali Pop? It's a new kind of soda that has 90% less sugar than, than regular soda. We all grew up drinking and even have ingredients that helps digestive help. I've been drinking sodas. I mean, I think we all grew up drinking soda, especially from the size of drinking soda. So not only is Audi Oli pop better for you, less sugar, but it's also good for the gut. So thank you guys again. We have my favorite flavor, which is Ginger Ale and a brand new flavor called Ridge Rush.


Check it out. It's delicious. Alright, Ocho. Yeah. Check this out. Ah, man. Goddamn. What's popping off today? Goddamn Houston, man, Anthony, My bad. Just, yeah. Oh my bad, my bad, my bad. I I, I apologize. I don't get, I don't get to, I don't get out the house often. I don't get out the house often. That's why. Huh? We can't let you Out. I know, I know. I'm, I'm just saying like, I I, I went out last night, right? I'm, I'm gonna just get this, I'm gonna get this out before we start. I went out last night and it's amazing. Right? So I was using my peripheral vision. You, you get, you get what I'm saying? And it's, it's a beautiful city with beautiful people, with beautiful people, huh?


Yeah. So, Hey, I'm, I'm jealous. Anybody that actually lives here, man, I ain. Congratulations Because Yeah, I almost moved to Houston. Why You ain't come. What The hell you mean? Why you out your damn mind? Hey, it's beautiful though. I need to focus on what I need to focus On, okay? Okay. Because I wasn't focused. You will be, we gonna get you back on the right track. Alright guys, check this out. What's popping up today is Anthony Edwards claimed that Michael Jordan was the only player in the older gen generation with some skill and said, I didn't watch it back in the day, so I can't speak on it. But they say it's tougher back then than it is now.


But I don't think anybody had the skill back then. MJ was the only one that really had skill. So that's why they saw Kobe and they were like, oh God. But nowadays, everybody has skill. Magic Johnson did not take too kindly to what Ant Man had to say. I never respond to a guy who's never won a championship. He didn't win one in college and I didn't, I don't know if he won one in high school. I know magic a little better than, you know, magic. Right? Right. Magic go. And I go back about 30 years for to see him respond in this manner. And I think all you guys have no magic. The smile. And he's always positive always. But for him to take this stance, this really struck a nerve with him, With Joe.


Yeah. I mean, I understand. I can kind of see where Anthony Edwards is coming from. Maybe the thought of Jordan being be an iconic figure that he is. Maybe he forgot how great Magic Johnson was. I think talking from a skill standpoint or a skill skill perspective, we all know Magic Johnson was great. We know that. Yes, for sure. But to hear it from Anthony Edwards and forget about the greats that came before him and only singling out Michael Jordan. Maybe because he's the most eco iconic figure that he was able to watch. Yes. I think he knows Magic Johnson is skillful. But that's, I mean, why, why do, why do the older generation, the older generation always takes shots at the younger generation for not winning the championship or not having rings or not winning in the past.


It's the team game. It Is. And based on where he's playing in Minnesota, I think, I'm not saying they bad, but it takes time. Yeah. It's early in his career. True. There's no need to take those kind of shots at him. Well, I think Especially coming from magic, that's not even, that ain't even his character. I think. Look, every era likes to protect their era. Nobody wants to be forgotten. It was so much better. Your grandparents, your parents say it was so much better in our day. I agree with Ant man. I believe there are more skilled, highly skilled players. Today is called evolution. You don't think we have better technology today than we did yesterday?


Yeah, of course. So how can the players not be better when they train better? They train smarter, they eat better. It's called evolution. Yeah. Things change. So I don't understand. Look, I I I get magic's point of view. I I'm not so sure I would've taken that drastic of a step. Yeah. I mean that's what we call killing a mat with a sledgehammer. I mean, bro, you could say I disagree with Anne. Yeah. But to go to the, I don't listen to anybody that haven't won a championship. That's not fair. And he's only responding because he understands how great Anne is. Because if anybody, if anybody else in the NBA that's not top five, top 10 player had said the same thing, magic wouldn't have responded. I don't But here's the thing you have to understand about Antman Am a Antman doesn't have a filter No.


At all. So He's gonna say the first thing that comes up is coming out. Right. Right. And so he's gonna have to do a better job of being more Pc. No, don't change him. Don't change him. 'cause that's what makes him special. When he's in front of the mic, obviously you know, you, you know the animal you get on the court. We understand that. Yeah, for sure. But we don't have too many players with that type of aura, with that type of non PC agenda when it comes to saying and speaking what they feel. That's what we, we need more of. So you don't have a problem with either guy Ant saying what he said and magic's response To it. I don't. I like it. I like it because now all Anne has to do is go and respond. All t gotta do is go and respond. Wait, you asking somebody that never, that never stopped talking. Listen, you gotta say, I I like it.


I think it's a good, it is a good thing for the game of basketball. 'cause everybody else is pc This n word like drama. The who? This N word. Oh, you can say it   No, We, we gonna have to, we gonna have to bleep that out.


Hopefully. Y'all, y'all had a time to take a picture with the Oscar Mile bacon wings? I ain't see no. What else I I write that right there. See you see the, what you call them thing, step and repeat. Yeah. Yeah. You got Oscar Mayo on there. As you can see, Oscar mile thick cut bacon is real hardwood smoke with real good chips for true smokey flavor that ist artificial, it's not overly fatty, super greasy. It's cooked for a staggering 12 hours while industry, industry norm is four to six. Go pick up some at a store near you. And now it's time for one of our favorite segments. Rough Draft, presented by Oscar Meyer Bacon. Ooh. Today's special best foods to put bacon on Ocho Bacon. Since I get to go first. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I can't even talk about bacon. I'm Muslim. Me too. I'm in the Muslim reserves. Right. One weekend out the month. Two weeks outta y'all. I don't eat no pork. Well, how about this? I don't need anything to start with pork. Like pork chop. Pork loin, right? Yeah, pork. But pepperoni, bacon. Woo. Hold on, hold on. I don't know. It might be against the Quran for me to talk about that. I'm Muslim. You Muslim? Yeah. Oh, solic. What, What, what, what, what, what, what? What did Quran say about smoking cigars? Huh? What did Quran say about smoking cigars? Oh, they, oh, I forgot the verse. Come on, come on, come on, come on. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Okay. Ocho, last time you went first, so this time I get to go first. Okay? Okay. Okay. Bacon. Best food to put bacon on top of. I'm going, I'm starting out to box. I'm going hamburger. You ain't never heard a bacon cheeseburger. Hold On, hold on, hold on. Stay with me now. Baked potato. Baked potato. Baked potato. You a baked potato? I'm going pizza. Pizza. Oh, a in your, no, what you call it in your baked beans? Baked beans? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh, I Light that on you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I mean, you can't have a, you can't have A-A-B-L-T without. I know. I know. I know. So I'm go BLT. Damn. I'm trying to think what else. Can you put chicken? You can't put no bacon on no chicken. Damn. You can't, No you


can't. You know, without your issue. You can do it. Yeah, I'm just saying, you know, I went to culinary art school and I made chicken with the, with the bacon on the inside. Oh. So oh, oh, chloron blue. Yeah, I went to LA On blue. So you, you put the bacon inside of it? Yeah, And I made, I made it like that. Boy, that was good and terrible. Hey, that's a good 'cause I, you know what, what's funny is we talk about bacon. What you put bacon on? And I really don't know because I haven't eaten much bacon in my life. And I'm, I'm dead. I, I, I swear for God. Mm. You lie before him too. So I don't know why I, I don't know why you think the crowd go believe you telling the truth now. I mean, I lie but I repent.


What you got? What you got? You got baked potatoes. You got baked beans. Oh, you got chicken cord on blue, which sounds gross. Okay. I'm gonna go with Bacon. Oh, you want? I said, I said it already. You know what I like. You know what I like. I said that, you know what I like. I know. I don't know if y'all do this in this. I'm gonna say donuts. See y'all ain't got no hold on, Hold on. So telling me you, I can't put bacon on chicken, but he putting bacon on donuts. No Bacon. People don't put you said you gonna put it inside the chicken. Okay. I've never seen bacon. That's A delicacy. I Trust you must be from Liberty City. They only cook that in Liberty City. No, I saw what you talking about. Me and Gordon Ramsey.


We did that on the show You mean Jalen Ramsey, the quarterback from Miami. That's a good one though. I'm trying to think. Bacon. That, that's hard. That's hard for me 'cause I can only answer based on my experience and what I've consumed. Yeah. Y'all help me out. What else Bacon go on. They say, oh, Green beans. My greens. Greens and greens. Green greens. Greens. Yeah. Own greens. I Which green? Huh? Collard greens. Buffalo Green. I used to, nah, collard greens. C Okay. Yeah. Eno. Let's go, let's go. Oh, I got one.


I got one. I got one. I got one. You got one? Yeah, I, I, we had this when I was locked up. Come on. You know what man? Baked potatoes. Baked beans? Yeah. You stuck. I got one. I got a good one. You know what y'all said it? Bacon wrap shrimp. Okay. We got bacon wrap shrimp. Okay. Bacon wrap. Shrimp. Check this out. Hold On. What? Look, Hold on. Y'all. Y'all got, y'all gotta stay, stay with him. He was in the same homeroom K through 12. He took two naps and all the snacks he could have.


Hold on. What was the answer again? Bacon wrap shrimp. That's What I just said though. You can, you just said Collar. Oh no, I'm not trying, I'm not copying it. I was just repeating what your answer was. Oh, Well that's what you want. Yeah. Yeah. You like that huh? Nah, nah. Hell nah. This one listen tacos bake with the bacon in there. Yeah, tacos. I'm see. Yeah, they, I think you got a, I think she'll plan ocho 'cause she agree with everything you say. Ain't nobody put no bacon in no Taco. I know she know. Hey, you know I know she know you are locked up too. I promise you that's a delicacy in there. Yeah. And not, not, not a full bacon strip. I'm talking about the bacon bits.


Like the c used to bring 'em in for us. Nah, O I'm I'm just telling you. I sw I swer for God. I'm gonna finish it out. Alright, Go ahead. Mac and cheese. Mac and cheese. Don't nobody put no bacon on the mac and cheese. That ain't even, that's not even part of the soul umbrella. It's not part of the soul Umbrella. Ocho, they put the bacon on top of it bro. So when you take the spoon and scoop that and Ocho, that's what you do. That ain't bacon. That's the cru. That's the crust that I thought you say you know how to cook. I do but not with no bacon. What you, you don't use that, that bacon grease. And then when you finish with it, you pour it back in the can and send it back on the stove.


No, that wasn't me. That was my grandma. Oh. Come on Man. You should have been watching. We be at there. We got there, we got, you got One more? This it Some. Oh, that was the good ones. Salad. Salad. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I don't know nothing about salad un unless I'm tossing it, but Yeah, exactly. I don't, That's it. That's it. What happened? You good? I know all you grown folk ain't acting like that Man. We up here talking about C Caesar Sally. Yeah, but on Cobb salad.


I'm, I'm just, can you talk about her salad? No, I'm just trying to keep things into perspective. Hey y'all, y'all so damn bougie. So y'all don't eat ass? No. Oh, so it's just me? Yes. You just, you just, you Fuck y'all then man. Just you Ocho just you. I can't see shit Good. I look good. Huh? That ain't nothing but makeup. Okay. There y'all go. Y'all good though?


Yeah. Hold on, hold on, hold on. We gonna be here for a while. Alright guys. I had hamburger, pizza, BLT, donuts, bacon wrap, shrimp, mac and cheese. Ocho had baked potato, baked beans, bacon inside of chicken, collard greens, tacos, and salad. Who had the better list? They said me. They definitely said me. They said me. 'cause All I know, I tell y'all this, I know one thing. If y'all show up to a party and they got bacon, this side of chicken and they got tacos with bacon in it.


I guarantee y'all leaving. Nah, they ain't gonna leave. Well why you ain't mention the last thing I said Nah? Hell yeah. Oh the salad That yeah, that's why they coming. I mean what type of dress are you using? Whipped cream. See That's the tell. That's the worst salad I've ever, ever heard in my life. And now it's time for you guys. One of you guys'. Favorite segment, the real report. Come on out here. Re Hey Rel need a mic, right? Where's Mike? My hey, hey, hey y'all.


How you doing? Re I'm doing Amazing. You just flew into town today. You know re sprung in town today. She was. We ain't doing amazing. We fucking beefing. She like, I'm coming. I wanna see my man. I've been away from him for a minute, so I'm coming. I said come on. I came to support. Yeah, She came. Even when we beefing, I still support Now. See that's what you need, don't you? I mean, listen timer, lemme take my glass off like we beefing. For real. Like no bullshit. I ain't talk, I ain't talked to re in six, seven days. How many days is been, I've been busy. Fuck this shit. I just want y'all to know we beefing. For real.


He lying. And You still love us though. That's what people, that's what couples do. Hold on, Hold on, hold on. Let me finish because I'm mad. What they used to say, scratch your ass and get going. Yes. All Right. Right now you are upset. I'm mad. No bullshit. Animals get mad, humans get upset. So right now you're upset. You have a little disagreement. You know Rel said it was rainy outside. You said it's seven and sunny and y'all have a little disagreement. That's what happens. Couple disagree. Sometimes don't your damn. You think it's gonna be great all the time. Any couples out there Argo? Yeah, they, I don't know.


Are you, Are you going through it too, sir? Okay. Okay. Hey, holler at me after the show. Oh. Oh, your lady taking a picture too, so. Oh, I like the pictures. Okay, look. Yeah, look, she, she Eyes. Oh. Oh. So you gotta step on Cho. She You better hold on. You better Hold on. Who? Women like rel ain't, they don't come easy make their own money. Got their own, got their own money. She can stand re is a standalone. There is not a whole lot of women that can stand alone.


Right. Ra can carry her own. Right. And I know sometimes, look, I'm a lot older than you Ocho and I can, I'm speaking from experience. I'm speaking, I'm speaking from experience. And e is easy. Like when you get upset with your partner and the first thing you go, shit, let her know what she effing up with. She I the dude. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm shit, I'm ocho now And I'm motherfucking real. So with that being said, look, this is, this ain't nothing that we can't overcome. We family.


How about we have, how about this here? Like when I go on vacation next year, you and real host Night cap. I like you said, you said you wanted, you want a oh Oh I want, I want to be on First take. Are you gonna be on first take? I be on First take Bro. When I'm going on. First take, when I take my two months off, you would take my two days and your day? No, No, no. I want to come on there with you and Steven a like right now. I ain't on, I'm on Mondays and Tuesdays. Okay. I'm gonna come on Mondays and Tuesdays. No, you can you take the weekend. You take Thursday and Friday. Ain't nobody watching on Thursday and Friday.


Yeah, they Do. That's leading into the game. Nah, nah. But first of all, I don't run first take. Right. That's something you gotta take up with Steven a All right. Don't worry about it. We good. We good? We good? And hey, just so y'all know, this ain't no script. This ain't really, the real report is part of the show. But on, on, on God, we really beefing. Well you gotta keep it reiterating Just so they don't think this ain't serious. This shit's serious. Oh yeah. We beefing for you and I'm mad. But, but come on, I'm gonna let you cook You what you thought. What, what got, what's eating O Joe's grape Gilbert. Who is Gilbert?


Gilbert great. Real great. No was eating, Gilbert was great. No, it went over her head. Yeah, Leonardo did copy over you. Okay. Come on, come on, come on, come on. I mean, I'm interrupting. Yeah, my bad. Are you happy to see Ra? I mean, I mean to have a, to have your woman on her own dime. Right? I'm going to support my man. I know he, I know. We just beefing. I know, I know. He's upset with me. I'm upset with him. But I'm gonna show my support no matter what. That's something bro. Right, because a lawnmowers age when they get mad they looking too. Yeah. And she here. I mean my peripheral views on. No, I'm joking. Listen, listen, I had to get my payback because I heard it.


You Gotta get your leg back. Alright, Alright, alright. Alright. Hip for tat. Head ass. Sorel, we miss you in a, we thought you were gonna come to the A, it wasn't able to happen. But here you are in Houston. So what do you think? What do you think? I mean, you, you've been to Houston plenty times I'm sure. I love Houston. Listen, soon as I landed Houston, I was thinking about opening up a brokerage here. But Houston is like, yeah if, if I was to ever relocate, I probably will re relocate to Houston. Oh Joe. Oh Joe. We might be neighbors. If I ever relocate, I'm gonna relocate to Houston too. Shit, I'm coming too.


I'm coming too. So I landed and I went to a restaurant called Taste. Oh my goodness. I had Oxtails and grits. What Cocktails? Ox Sales and grits. I had fried chicken, candy, yams, collard greens. What the hell? Real And the red velvet waffle. It was so good. Nah, you ate All that. I ate all of it. But you know I had some better. I had some better. 'cause when I landed two days ago I went to Groove and I had, I had greasing eggs scrambled lightly salted. Two sausages and a pancake. Links of patties.


Huh? Links of patties. I'm gonna link. Oh Mine sound better. It Does. It does. Hey, what y'all think about this? Don't y'all think they doing too much with Oxtails now? Every bro Davis, it used to be. Come on. You can't put oxtail. You got oxtail cheese steak. You got tacos. Pasta. Come on. Why did just happen? The oxtails and rice put The oxtails and gr they, Oh see they, you got oxtails and gr now yo And Grist. They good. Well oxtail and grist good boy. Ain't no no bullshit. I mean listen to you talk. You eat tail and everything. So. So I be so ain't nobody in the audience surprised by you talking about Oh they, they do the same thing.


They just laughing 'cause we sitting up here. Oh They, oh so they been lying there Ocho, All of 'em lying. Turn the lights on. Look at they face. Yeah, I saw homeboy. He dropped his head. Yeah. Yeah They got me. They got me Sorel. What? So what? So what's going on As far as Chad and I? Yeah, You and Chad don't play face. Exactly. Yeah. She said don't play her face. Don't play in my niece's face now Joe. That's Right. I don't know. I feel like Chad just, I don't know. He get in his way sometimes and he just, the world revolves around Chad.


It does. No, No It doesn't. Tell me what you said. You said, oh re oh ra Unc, do you know what it's like to have a woman to provide a lifestyle for you and you ain't got to worry about it? I said Oh, what'd He Do that at? But that was, that was the choice for me to be a stay at home father. That was a choice of mine. But I can also unretire and go back to doing what I do. It kind of hard. Ocho ah, I mean you stop working for a minute. Ask them ladies and some of them ladies that start working for a minute and then try to get back out there in that work for boards. You gonna help, you gonna help me out that first take? I ain't gonna be able to do that. I'm team Rail. That's right. That's fine.


That's fine. No, we just getting our some, I feel like sometimes it's good to have a little break. Yes. Because we get angry and it's not good to communicate while you're angry. Yes. So when we get into our little modes, I just focus work mode. Yeah. Angry. So she called me fucking ugly. I called you ugly. I don care. Who tell it you Ain't call, you ain't come ugly. I didn't say you was ugly. If you was ugly, I wouldn't be with you. Yeah, you right by there. She Said you were acting ugly. Yes. Oh. Oh, okay. Your attitude is ugly.


Well you knew what you signed up for. No. You said the representative? Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. I Met the rep said that guy. I met the representative. You sent that guy? Yes. Alright, we good. How long you guys been together? Four years? 1921. Oh, it's going on five. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Five. Five. God damn. Guess what? September, October, November, December, January in six months. What's that? Israel? Hey, it is Miss Rell. It's Mr. Chad. Risto. Oh.


See, see you. See you see. You see what I mean? See we, we, I mean to style Puerto Rican though. It does sound Puerto Rican. We, we've created a Muslim. We have created a them. See y'all laughing but don't understand behind closed doors. How she abused me. Like not, you know, verbally like, like y'all don't get it. I, I don't want to like, I don't want to get emotional and start crying. I look like I verbally abused him though. Even the ones you gotta watch part, you know the, I'm from the south, nothing but southern hospitality over Here. Nothing but Nothing But Phoenix City, Alabama. Period. Child please.


Sin City, Alabama. Yeah. Nah. Well rel thanks for stopping by. Thank we really appreciate you. We know you and you and Ocho gonna make that thing up tonight. I can't woo. I feel sorry for that. I feel sorry for whoever in the room to left. I heard he staying in the hood. I ain't coming over there. Nah, I'm going out tonight. Me too. Which you on his arm? I'm going Out and I, I have an early flight in the morning, so That's okay. That's okay. No, I'm going out tonight at the, Hey, where Dre at? Dre out there. He back. JJ Jjo. Where you right? I Already catch Dre out. Jjo. Where we at tonight? See? There you go. Jjo. Jjo. I'm with y'all tonight baby. We hold on.


TT Where you at? T you here t What's Up? What? How you doing? I'm going eight. Where we at tonight? We at tonight? Yeah, I'm right here. Alright, y'all give it up for Rell. Rosado Johnson. Bye.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the Source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and Analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now. You're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive, most consistent podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports Steph kd, Anthony Davis and LeBron. They were better and those teams pushed them to greatness. They brought the greatness out about politics. These people are not your friends. They're looking for your votes. This is not a popularity personality contest to me. It's a policy contest, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. New episodes come out twice a week and always pack a punch. With over 1100 episodes in the catalog. Listen to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast Waking Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Wake and Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright guys, now it's time for our next guest. He played for your organization. He was defensive rookie of the year. He's in stalwart in the Houston area. He came back home to get his team to where it's never been before. That's the Super Bowl to it up for your head coach, Mr. Demeco. Ryans. I I'm gonna start this off.


Yeah, I'm gonna start this off. So, hey, coaching. Coaching. First off, you know I've, I've been out here, I've been lobbying for a job and I'm available. So like listen, I'm in shape. If you need a set of extra legs, We need you. We can get a workout on Tuesday. You ready? Swear to God serious. Don't do me like that because I'm trying to get out the house. And, We got somebody, we got somebody to get you the ball. There we go. That you do. Go ahead. I got a job. Y'all Coaching your wildest imaginations when you got drafted to this team at the first round draft, pick and win rookie of the year, you have a stellar career.


Did you ever imagine that you'd ever come back and be the head coach? Never. Never in my lifetime would I have imagined being the head coach of the Houston Texans, the team that drafted me. But it's that, it was that surreal moment, right? It's, I had other options, other teams that were vying, but it was like, man, to go back to Houston Where it all started, Where it all started like struggling a little bit. Like it meant more to come back home to Houston. Yeah, I don't coach, obviously you've been around the game of football for a very long time. For those that are on the outside looking in, I don't think they understand how special a season that was for you to have.


Obviously you understand the difficulty when you draft a rookie quarterback and understanding you have a program that is trying to build itself back to winning consistently and to be able to have a successful season. Obviously not winning a championship but still having a successful season knowing that you, you can build off of that. Do you understand how great your season was last year? Yeah, I, I do understand it all. Like it all starts with the, like you said, the rookie quarterback. Everybody now they expect rookies to come in and just ball out from the start. That doesn't happen. Right? Like especially at the quarterback position, you gotta have a special, special person to do that. And you know, we were fortunate enough to get CJ at number two and this kid is special.


Yes, Definitely, definitely. You know, he's fun to work with but, and he didn't start off that way. Like we didn't, we started off with a rough season. Like we had to go through some growing pains and he learned a lot. Our team learned a lot of how we had to play to win games and that grow, that growth process throughout the season. That made it even more special to know we didn't just come out just beating people. And I told our guys too, you know, we talk about how special of a season it was. You look up, we had, I think it was 10 games that were in the last minute of the game. We were right in the game and I think we won seven of those 10 in the last minute of the game. So that just shows the margin for error in this league.


It's still tight even though people, it is a great season, but man, I tell I got you got to, you have to work hard. You gotta grind those wins and you gotta be smart in those situational moments to close games out Coach. But you understand you were a rookie head coach, you had a rookie quarterback. The expectations this year, given what happened last year are a lot different than they were last year going in. You mentioned CJ came in and played unbelievable tank. Dale, Nico Collins, you signed us. I mean you traded for Stephan Diggs, your defense, Stingley Junior Will Anderson Junior. What are your expectations from this team? Number One, I hear you.


No, we, I still tell our guys our expectations is just to get better every day. Like I tell, like we can't get, everybody know when we suit up, like you guys have, like everybody wants to go win it all right? That's always the goal. That's why we do what we do, right? We're trying to go get that Lombardi, but we don't get there overnight. So enjoy the process of just getting better every day. And when we look up in February and we're there playing for that Lombardi, that's what's gonna make him really special. Right. Being, being a head coach as well. It's something I always wanted to ask you there, there was an issue obviously with with Brian, with Brian Flores and tour and the way he, he talked to him, obviously it rubbed two the wrong way.


And I just wanna know, how do you navigate being able to coach certain players certain ways and and how do you approach it? Because you can, some coach, some players, you can coach hard, right? You know, you understand those that are built like that, you can coach 'em a little harder. Some of 'em you gotta pat 'em on the back and guide them. How have you been able to do that with your, with your players? Yeah, with, man, that's a great question. Right? I was just talking to one of my coaches about that earlier today, man, you have to have a relationship with guys. Like if you don't have a relationship with guys and you don't know how that guy's gonna respond. Yeah, right. Some guys I could, I could coach hard. Some guys I know like, ah man, I can get it out of him, but I don't need to go as hard with him. I just gotta tell him, Hey man, you doing a great job.


Hey, keep it going young fellow. You, you, we gonna get there. But if you don't establish that relationship outside of football, like you just gotta sit down, you gotta eat with guys, you gotta meet with guys. Just talk to them one-on-one like what's going on outside of football so you can really get to know that young man and what's going on in his life. Like, that's how you are able to relate to guys and coach. Like now once you get that relationship, I can coach 'em up hard. Right? Right, right. But everybody, you can't coach hard. Everybody doesn't need hard coaching. But as a coach it is our job. Right. And that's one thing I learned about coaching. I thought, man, when I finished playing, I thought I was gonna hop in like, Hey Kyle, I can come coaching linebackers right now.


Right? But I, that's what I learned when I was in San Fran. I truly learned like, man, you got, every guy is different. How do you teach every guy, right? Every guy learns different. Every guy, you gotta explain things differently and they pick it up different. So for me, that's why I learned like, man, you have to be adaptable as a coach, right? Right. But you gotta know these guys outside of football, You know, go ahead. Give it up to, A lot of times sometimes coaches try to hide hard coaching behind disrespect. It's like, if I'm working for you, I want you to coach me, Howard, I want you to say what I'm doing wrong. But there's a very, very fine line between hard coaching and disrespect.


Now you have guys have to understand that's a grown man you're talking to. This ain't college. He's not trying to get to the NFL. He's already here. He's not in high school trying to get to college. So those guys you can coach, you can coach. I mean, when we grew up, coaches tic out all kind of things. You do that now you gonna turn a guy off or a guy might wanna fight you, He might wanna fight you or he might just leave, you know, guy. It's just, it's a different different era. And I've never like try to cross the lines of cursing guys out. I feel like if I have to curse you out, like I got the wrong guy. Correct. First off. Right? Yes. I, I know we don't have time for that. Like we are men, we're working together and I tell our guys my first meeting's like, this is what you can expect from our coaches.


Our coaches gonna be respectful, they're gonna tell you the truth and they're gonna coach everybody in this room. Right. Because they care. Your success is their success. Correct. So We have to find that common ground to work together for us all to be successful. You played for Coach Saban. I don't your high school coach. You played for K What are some of the things, what's your, what's Demicco Ryan's coaching style? Did you take a little bit from Coach Saban? Because as, as hard as he is, he does a great job of patting the players on the back even when they make mistakes. Yeah. With my coaching style, man, I, I took a lot from a lot of different coaches that I was, I was around. I think you know, it, it all starts from, I, I spent the most time around Robert Solo.


Okay. Right. And in that coaching profession, like, I just learned from him like, man, you, you gotta bring great energy every day. Right? And you gotta be able to relate to all these guys in, in the same room. How can you relate to 'em? Like storytelling, like whatever, keeping it light with, with jokes like it is, it's a fine line. Just coaching all the guy, even Wade, Wade Phillips, Wade Phillips wave Phillips man. He was, it was your head coach. He would come into the meeting room, Wade would just tell a joke. Everybody in the room. Then he'd talk to you. He always told a story about you. Like, Hey man, like we had a guy on scout team. I told him, don't worry about covering him. He's better than the guys that are, that are playing.


Right. Like, so it, it was always Wade found a way in a playful way to get guys' attention. Draw guys in. So I think you draw 'em in, you get their attention, you relate to the guys. Right. Also with Saban, I know he's hard on guys, but the only way you can be hard on them is you gotta love them too. Right. Right. You gotta guys love him just as hard as you coach, man. You have to, and guys's gotta know, for me, I had a, a strength and conditioning coach. He called me as soon as I got into coaching. He was like, DKO players do not care how much you know until you, they know how much you care about them. Right. And so that was the one thing that's always stuck to me.


Like, I tell our guy, man, I care about you as a, as a man, first and foremost is football, we gonna, we gonna get to the football. I'm gonna correct you. I'm gonna coach you up. But man I care about you as a man being successful after football is over. Like, I want you to be a great husband, great father, great leader in the community. 'cause that's what's gonna last. Your, your approach to the game of football. Obviously when you played, I'm not sure if you had any superstitions or not. As for myself, there was a certain routine that I stuck to. And to me, I felt this routine that I stuck to during my plan days would probably gimme the success that I wanted despite putting in the work throughout the week.


Now that you a coach and you played obviously, do coaches have routines and superstitions once you get to that point as a leader of men or you just allow the work that you put in during the week to take care of itself? Yeah, I think you fall into those kind of superstitions. You kind fall into 'em because it's like, oh man, we, we smoked them this week. Like, Hey, we got whatever I did, whatever I ate last week, whatever, whatever I listened to on the way to this day, like run it all back. Right. But I don't believe in that. That's the, that's the reason why. Right. I think you just get into a habit, but I don't believe in the superstitions and you know, but sometimes you get off it's routine. Right. It is routine.


It's a routine a lot of coaches fall into, whether it's working out before the game, running stadiums or running, hitting the treadmill. Right. Certain things for me, my deal is I'm watching film up until the last minute before I have to go out. Yes. Like I'm trying to find another advantage. Like I'm looking at third down again. I'm looking at two minutes for as long as I can. They come knock. Hey coach, we gotta go. It's like I'm trying to get that edge up until the last minute We talk The Rooney Rule. There's a lot about that. And you had great success. Were you ever concerned because you see so many black coaches like gold 10, 15 years before they even get an opportunity to go interview for a head coach.


You didn't have to wait that long. You had about a two year, maybe two year, once you got became the DC at San Francisco, your name a immediately went into that pool. So you didn't have to wait long. How do you tell your brothern for the black fellow, black coaches, like just to be patient when some of them had been patient for 10, 15 years? Yeah, no, that's, you know, I think for, for me being in the position I am, man, I'm standing on the shoulders of guys who paved the way before me. Right. A lot of, a lot of coaches who grinded and they didn't get that opportunity. I know one coach in particular, you know, coach Bobby Turner. Yep. You know, coach Turner, that was my role model that was there in San Fran.


That's the guy I looked up to, the og like he's been coaching for over 30 years. Yep. And he never got the opportunity and more. I know he deserved the opportunity. So I always tell Coach Turner, man, I love you. I thank you for you providing me this opportunity to become a head coach. And when I became a head coach, I'm like, man, I gotta do this for you. Right. Coach TI gotta be successful for you. And it's the same thing I tell all other guys, like, man, I'm representing a lot of, a lot of guys Oh yeah. Right. Who are still trying to get that opportunity. A lot of guys who are coming after me to get the opportunity and I just, I wanna represent the right way. Yeah. Right. That's a, a good thing about it. The fact that we get so few opportunities to be a leader of black men, be in a position of power.


Does it add any more pressure to you as a head coach? Or do you just don't even think about it and just do what you need to do? It? It doesn't add pressure to me because I know at the end of the day, it's about doing the job the right way. Yes sir. Right. It's surrounding myself with the right people, right. Coaching staff, the right players. I it not just about me, it's about my entire support staff. Everybody in that building helping me to be successful or I can't do it by myself. So it doesn't add any pressure to me. It's just, I know, I know the task at hand and it's just about us going out dominating the process every day. Being as as good as we can be every single day getting a little bit better and we're gonna, the wins, the results, all that stuff will show up when we work the right way.


Yeah. Dko, when you were here, you were active in the community. How important is it for you to have your players be involved in the community in which they play in? Yeah. It, it is huge man. I mean we we're in a great city here in Houston, right. And it's a great city. It's for our guys. I always tell 'em, man, for the NFL, like it's a blessing. It's a dream come true to play in the NFL. Absolutely. And it affords you a lot monetarily, but it also provides you a certain platform, right? Correct. Where instantly you get respect as soon as you step into a room instantly when CJ, Sri Will, Anderson stands in front of some kids, like their eyes are wide open, like they got their attention and now what's your message to those kids?


Right? And so our guys have a huge responsibility to the community to utilize the platform they're given. Because I always feel like, man, you're, you've blessed, we've all been blessed to reach back and bless other people. Right. And that's what is, that's what it's all about. Right. And it's NFL that's what's gonna last. That's what's gonna sustain you. Right. And, and I, I did a, I used to do a football camp in Alabama, football and cheer camp and you never know how things come back. And like, and I'm in my office in San Fran one day and his kid pop in, he's like, coach you if Brian Robinson from University of Alabama, he like, coach man I was at, I was at your camps back.


I was like, what? Like wow now little kid at a camp running around you. I never know, I never knew Brian. Never, you know, but to see the effect that just the exposure it had to him like, hey man, you can make it to the NFL as well is cool to see him doing this thing now in Washington. Right. Got this. Nah, I'm good. Asked everything. Here he is. Ladies and gentlemen. Dika Ryan, head coach of Houston, Texas. Thank you. Thank You brother. I see, I see you too. I see you Tuesday. Y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all got a very special coach. That's a very, you know, obviously I know.


Damn boy. I just want you to know they done needed two ambulances. One for you. 'cause you was hurt the other for me. 'cause I was gonna break my side laughing. So I'm glad you Okay. I, It's, it's real low. Yeah. I mean it's, Yeah. You just been sitting on it for an hour. Yeah. What you thought you was at a hot chair? Nah, I'm just saying I, I, I judged that Rome equilibrium was off. You ain't been drinking though, but H Park. Oh nah, I'm drunk. I'm I'm drunk. Hey, you gotta be drunk. You up there beefing with re you better make your man right. Man. Shit. I'm standing on business. Ocho ocho ocho.


I got a couple of them samples. What? What kind of Them old? The red pill. Take the red one. Oh. No old sparks. Hold on, hold on, hold on for one timeout. See, this is the problem. Women think, oh, if we beefing, all they gotta do is give 'em something. She ain't getting none of this. That's all you gotta do for, that's all you gotta do for me. Nah, nah, that's all you gotta do for me. Nah, I'm standing. But that's you over here. I mean, what, what month We in August? We, August 8th. I mean, I, I, she gonna have to wait till November. Oh no. Shh. I don't play that shit. You better About what? What? You know what o tell you, Listen, if you don't stand for none of your fault, anything, man.


Well, I, I fell for that several times. I ain't gonna lie. They got me with you. They got me. And I don't even, I ain't even, I ain't mad and I don't feel ashamed either. Well, I'm standing on Billy more importantly. Yes. How about I got a tryout with the Texans on Tuesday? Yeah. Hey, you gotta try out them sparks tonight. For who? The Sparks. What's that? What's the spark? The red Pill. You know you the order. So. Oh. Oh. I ain't bullshitting boy. She ain't touching this. She ain't getting none of this shit, boy. These little three inches ain't going nowhere. No song.


No song. Alright guys, now it's time for O Joe's favorite segment. Spell O. Cinco. I, I ain't got my hat. I ain't got my hat. I ain't got my hat. I need my hat. I need You ain't bringing the hat. I think I, 'cause when we were beefing, I left the house. So I left everything you should See. And you told Rel Rel could have bought it. Oh, She blocked On everything. She can't reach me. She blocked. Right. Because it's a special night. We can't do it the normal way. So we gonna make it a competition. So I'm gonna call up someone from the crowd to compete against ocho. Oh, y'all finna get your ass whoop.


Hey, check it up. Check this out. If you think you're a better spelling than Ocho, no. Step up to the mic. We're gonna ask you to spell three words. If you spell your three words, whoever get the most words right. Get a signed bottle of shade by La Poitier by me. So here it is. Alright. Don't, don't do it. Don't embarrass yourself. I, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't do it. Embarrass yourself. I Went to Harvard. Don't do it. As you can see, we have a mic right down here at the bottom. And I think Right here. Alright. I gotta, I got, I, I gotta stand up. Lemme get over here, don't you? Lemme get over Here. I gotta stand up.


It don't matter. It don't matter if you stand up or sit down, don't you? I gotta stand up. I think outcome going to be the same. Woo. Hold on, hold on. You finna go? I finna Do it. Okay. Oh, he got a back cap hat on. He got his hat on. He about to tear you. What? You Ain't ready bro. He got a hat on. He got on your hat on. You done? I feel smart today, boy. Okay. Okay. Hold on. We Go. Hold on before you go. We went to college. School of hard knocks. Damn. Oh, He got it. I'm ready for you. I'm ready. Unfortunately, I about have to get it. Nah, he talking shit. I'm finna wash this nigga, man. Hell nah. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right.


Let's do It. You ready on Joe? Yeah. Come on. He first, right? No, You first. You first. No. Wait. Okay. No, no, no. You first. Nah. Let him go first. No. Ladies Go first. Ladies first. Ladies first. Ladies first. God. Oh, Joe, guys. Dang. You talk to me like No, he talking to you like that. He talking to me. Well, I thought we was the team. Huh? I thought we, boy, we'll jump your ass boy. Don't Play. Yeah. You can't talk like that. Alright, Ocho? Yeah. Your first words. Shit. Easy. Yeah. See? Easy. Superfluous.


Superfluous. Hold On. You know what up. Yo, that's too hard of a word. No, I don't even wanna give you that. I got a new word for you. I know. I got a new one. Okay. This a easy word for it. Now if he don't get this one right, I don't know what to tell it. Juxtaposition. What kind of position? Jux. Just Jux Ju jux Jux Jus. Oh, that's easy. Go ahead with it then. JUX. Yes. A position you said jus yes. Jus and ju UX.


Yes. And you said jus are position? Yes. A position. P-O-S-I-T-I-O-N Position. Ocho, you were so close. Ocho. I was That's wrong. Ta position. That's What I said. That's not what I said Guys. In two weeks we got a T-shirt. That's what I said. Okay. But man, for you, your word is, You know your shit gonna be wrong. Come On. Let's do it. I'm Ready. Your word is awesome. Can I get, can I get in a sentence please?


Hell no. I, I expect the Houston Texans to have an awesome season. Okay. Okay. I thought you said possum at first. You said awesome. A w Yes. E-S-O-M-E. What up? Hold on. Time out. Time out. Time out. Time out. You got my words on all mad. And this nigga on rookie. Okay. Ocho. This is the easy one. Now, if you don't get this with Ocho. Yeah, I got it. I got it. I know. Oh, I got it. I on Jesus Sanders. I got this bitch. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Here we go. Epitome. Lock in. Boy. Lock in. Lock in.


What it is, OCHO is the epitome of success. Hold on. Epitome. Epitome. Yes. E-P-E-P-I. Yes. TOME. Talk about, man. Yeah. You thought It would be easy. Yeah. You thought it was gonna be easy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But Y'all came met with Ocho. Yeah. Short as nigga. Yeah. Nigga. What nigga talk about? Right? Damn. Let's go. That's Ocho. That's spell O. Cinco. That's what I do. Talk about it man. Okay. Okay. Check this out. Next word.


Liquid. I just drunk a liquid Death too. Dang. Yeah. I'm gonna go L-I-Q-U-I-D liquid. That is correct. Ocho. You need to spell this next word to stay alive Or Short. Man ain't gonna get It. And I'm, I'm looking right at you when I spell it too. Yeah, I'm on that. Well, come on. Give it to me. Give it to me. Quintessential. Lemme take my glasses off for you.


Quintessential. You got it. You got It. Wait, hold on, hold on. He ain't got it. Use it. Use it, use it in a sentence. Quintessential To your life. Yes. Ra is quintessential the OCHO life. Quint. Quint. Essential man. You Went QQUE. Oh. Oh. No. A oht. I'm wrong. Quin, Quin, Quin, Quin, Quin. Oh, Oh, oh.


Yeah. I, I know how to do that one. Do Yeah, I, hold on. I got this, I got this. I went to Harvard nigga. QUI. Yes. Damn. It's essential. I don't know how to spell that one. Boy. That's hard. QUI Right, Right. N-N-T-E-S-S-E-N-T-I-A-L. Oh. So why y'all acting like y'all knew that shit? Y'all be killing me. Bougie Ass. Okay. Okay. The last part. If you spelled this one correctly, sir, well Give, give him give a, give him.


Man. He, he got these damn cat met Cat bed. Why you arguing with the guest? That's my dog. Okay. Alright. Last word. The very last word. Circle. I think I spelled circles around Ocho. So let's See. Yes, yes. That bitch. Hey, hey. He talking shit. I've been waiting for this bro. I've been waiting for, yeah. Oh, you talking shit. I'm gonna go C-I-R-C-L-E circle. That is correct. P That's it.


The game over. Yeah. Yeah. That man beat the brakes off you. He just do circles around you. Yeah, but that's not, Hey, I'm gonna see you at this show. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta shout you out because for the first time in my life I tried the ice cube method. Oh, you did it? I tried the ice cube method. I told you With the do. I'm sorry bro. Hey. Hey. She, I you now this she What? You she here with me now? Where she at? I ain't gonna embarrass her, but we tried to ice Cube message, bro. Hey, Deal with me. Deal with me. Yeah.


Hey, Hey listen. Hey listen. I got a ebook too. Okay. I got a ebook. I'm a DM. You. Yeah. Hey, I got you. Ain't number $20. Say no more. I got that. Yeah. Alright. We got one more contestant. One more up. Stop. Okay, here you go. Here you go. Hi. Get Arms. How you doing? How you doing ma'am? Great. How are Y'all? We're doing amazing. What's your name? Jonaye. Jonaye. Where you from? Jte. I am from the great city of Houston. Oh, Ocho. You in trouble. You finna lose. Okay. Okay. Ocho and I'm, I'm warmed up.


I'm warmed up. I'm warmed up. I'm warmed up. It's cold as hell in here. Ocho Your word? Bureaucracy. Bureaucracy. B-U-R-E-A. Yes. R Hold on. I ain't finished. B-U-R-E-A bureaucracy. Damn. I fucked it up, huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on, hold on. You were doing good too, Ocho. I know. 'cause I bureau. 'cause I used bureau when I Yeah, You for the Federal Bureau investigation.


Yeah. You the FBI agent. Yeah, I remember that. Damn. That's a damn. Okay. I don't, I I messed that one up. B-U-R-E-A-C-R-A-C-Y. How she gonna take your word and spell your word? I ain't even gave her word yet. She got her phone Googling and shit. Man. She cheating. She got a microphone. You know what, don't y Okay. Here. That's, that's embarrassing. God damn.


Okay. They say, give her a hard word. Here it is right here. Journey. Journey. Can you use it in a sentence please? Yes. It was a journey for me to get here today. Okay. Journey. J-O-U-R-N-E-Y. That Correct? See if you had gave me that, I would've spelled it. That's where I get my shoes from. Journeys? Yes. Okay. Ocho, I'm gonna give you an easy word. Yeah. Thank you man. You Got simple, easy Ocho if you don't get this one, 'cause she's already spelled your word.


So you gonna need to get this one to stay in the game. Symbol. Who? Symbol. Symbol. Yeah. Like S-Y-N-B-O-L symbol? No, the other one. What? That symbol. Right? Symbol. No, That's not your word. Your word is Facilitate. Facilitate. I facilitated you and Rel was beefing. So I facilitated a meeting. Facilitate F-A-C-I-L-I-A-T-E.


Even when they did the slum dog million that they wrote the word on the wind, wind mirror for you. I spelled it Wrong. You did. You, You know. F-A-C-I-L-I-T-A-T-E-A-T-E. That's what I said. You were close. Okay. Ma'am, if you spell this word correctly, you too will win a Bible sign. Shea by La Portier. Thank you. Woo. Don't embarrass me. The last, the last word. Syrup. I love syrup on my pancakes. So do I Syrup.


S-Y-R-U-P. That is correct ma'am. Ma'am ocho, i I really hope you do better in Dallas. You ing two right now. I ain't gonna have no alcohol to sell. I mean, if you gave me words that were a little bit more reasonable to my grade level, I'd be all right. You went to Harvard? Huh? You went to Harvard For one semester? That mean you advanced? No, no, no, no. Okay. Mystery. I lied On application. Oh, mystery. Mystery. Yes. M-Y-S-T-E-R-Y.


Yeah. Yeah. Well, you done lost the contest now ma'am, we got a band for you. So at the end you'll grab your, Get your LaPorte. Oh, you already got, okay. Thank you. We Going to the strip club tonight. Hi. Where we going? We going to Onyx? I don't know what they got here. I'm going, I gotta work tomorrow. Where? Where you Go work. Real First take. I'm first take tomorrow. Tomorrow I'm gonna see you at nine. Yeah, exactly.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila. For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garafolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Networks, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal view of the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am a Loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive, most consistent podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, Steph kd, Anthony Davis and LeBron. They were better. And those teams pushed them to greatness. They brought the greatness out about politics. These people are not your friends. They're looking for your votes. This is not a popularity personality contest to me. It's a policy contest, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. New episodes come out twice a week and always pack a punch. With over 1100 episodes in the catalog. Listen to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Awaken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, Ocho, now it's time for your segment where you get to ask me questions. Dunk on a Yeah, you finna get all this shit wrong. I gotta stand up 'cause it's cold. Y'all ready? Yes. And don't be screaming out the answers. Helping 'em out. 'cause y'all ain't helping me. Shit. They actually, they did. You Just, nah, ain't nobody help me 'cause I'm black. All right, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Question number one. Yes. What stadium did the Houston Oralist call home before they relocated to Tennessee and became the Titans?


What stadium did the Houston or In Houston? Like the Aome? Yeah. All. All right. All right. Alright, Love you blue. Love you blue. Nah, Nah, nah. You only know that 'cause you was playing back then. Actually I was. Oh, this a good one. You ain't gonna get this one. Who was the first head coach of the Houston Texans? Oh my goodness. Yeah, don't tell him. Don't tell him. God dang. Yeah, I know. It couldn't have been.


Hold on. No, no, no. The phone man. Oh, I wanna say, hold on. Do I? Why y'all cheat for him man? Nah, but I would say Bum Phillips. Who? Bum Phillips? No, Don Capers. Ha ha. Oh, for the Houston, Texas? Yes. Oh bro. I'm thinking the Oilers. No. Yep. Too bad. That's all right. Yeah. Plug that computer system in. What happened? Okay. Oh this. Oh, you're not gonna get this one either. What was the, what was the Houston Oilers original team name before they became the Oilers in 1960?


The Titans. I'm gonna give you one more shot. Listen to me. Okay. Y'all listen to the question. What was the, what was the Houston Oilers original team name before they became the Oilers in 1960? Give you one more chance. They, Let's see, Dallas Texans. No, Go ahead. I I'm gonna say the Tex. I don't know Texans. No, they were always the Houston Oilers.


But they were gonna, originally You Can't, you can't do, yeah, How you gonna say before they became the Oilers? 'cause they didn't have a name at all. So really it was a trick question. I gave you the answer and you ain't even know it. Oh Lord. How Mercy. How about you so smart? Nah, and you gonna get this one wrong too. Who was the first overall pick in the 2006 NFL draft selected by the Houston Texans. I Got it from NC State. The Houston Texans Select Mario Williams Defensive end.


That's wrong. No it ain't You right. It's right. It's right. It's right, it's right. I Got it. I got it. Last one on. I'm up two. Oh, just, just know. Not that we keep a score. Hold On, hold on. Yeah, sir. These la Okay. Oh you ain't, oh you ain't gonna get this. Who was the Houston Texans first two Bowl two Pro Bowl. You got me nervous. Who were the Houston Texans? First two robes, pro Bowl selections in franchise history. Oh my goodness. Who are the first two Pro Bowl selections in franchise history? Oh, this is a good one.


Billy Cannon. Nope, I played against him. So you might well take that outta there. Hold on. I I gave you a hint 'cause I just said I played, I played against 'em. Nah, you hold on. You said Houston Texans. Who was the Houston Texans first? First? Oh, I keep, damn, I keep going. Two Pro Bowl selections ever in franchise history. Andre Johnson? Yeah. Would I be cheating if I said Andre Johnson? No, I mean you did. Oh no.


Demeco Ryans was one and Andre Johnson That, that is absolutely wrong. The answer you were looking for was in 2003 Cornerback, Aaron Glenn and Defensive End Gary Walker were the first two to go Players. Hell no. I've never got that. So tonight, tonight you and just as bad as me at that damn spelling. I Got pillow, I got two rights. So I win. Nah, nah, Nah. Y'all. Y'all good? Y'all doing good? Yeah, up there. Y'all good up y'all? Yeah. All right.


Y'all might buckle up now. We got two hours to go. Our next guest, you wanna introduce him Dre? Ooh. Hey, our next guest, an iconic figure in the Houston area. A legendary player for the Houston Texans. A hall of Famer who lives in Houston Now don't get it confused by way of Miami.


The goat Andre the better of the Johnsons. Good. Good. You on that side? On that side. I lock your ass up too, bro. Not playing God damn Dre shit. You ain't changed Chad. Nah, I ain't changed. I ain't changed. I ain't changed nothing but my drawer. Drake D Drake, you spent I think, what all about one year of your NFL career here in Houston.


What does it mean to you to get drafted by this franchise and be considered when they think of the short list of the greatest players to ever play in the Houston Texans uniform? Your name is the first name to get brought up. Man, I always tell this story about when I went to my first Pro Bowl, the guy, it was some guy he worked with the NFL and he was like, who the hell is here from the Houston Texans? And that's something that always stuck with me. And I put that chip on my shoulder and I was like, shit, I'm gonna make people respect us. You know? And that was the way I played. That was just the way I carried myself. And you know, to have this Hall of Fame thing happen.


It wasn't just for me man. It was about this whole city. So The actual first player in the Houston Texans to go into the pro football Hall of Fame, what did that, when you got the call and it says they knock on the door. Andre Johnson, welcome to football. He heaven, you've been selected to the pro football Hall of Fame. I mean Shannon, you, you've had that knock, you know? So I don't think words can really describe it if you like, I had to take a moment to literally go sit on my couch, you know? And I had my hands in my head and I just, you know, to be, it's been over 30,000 guys that play this game.


It's only 378 people in the Hall of Fame. That's one. That's not even 1% That's correct. To be mentioned with that man. That's, that's special. It's special. Listen, obviously being from Miami, growing up together Park, did you ever think that the story that we are control of being able to write would've gotten to where it's gotten now? Hell nah. I'm not even gonna lie. Chad like, you know how we grew up like in a neighborhood?


We just wanted to be able to provide a better life for our family. Yes sir. That was always our goal. Like we just want to make it out and to have to get to the level of being a hall of Famer. Like I never would've imagined that in a million years, bro. You know? So I ain't gonna lie, man. Just having you here and enjoying this with you, man. Everybody. Yeah. Yeah. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. A lot of people, a lot of people really don't know, man. How far we go back, bro. Yeah. Oh, way, way back. Way back. Matter of fact. So the The funny thing about it, for those of you that, that don't know, Dre and I used to train in off season, you know, during our day when we were playing me Tana Mann.


Yeah, Tony Brown. Crazy ass. Who else we had out there? Man. Man, it was a lot of Us. It was a lot of us. So, you know, we, the, it, it was a certain connection that we all kept. Like we was family, you know, obviously we all played on different teams, but everybody from that area, we all, we all got, got back together. And, we always man shit. Worked our ass off and all season's, man. And it, it is awesome. You know, as, as someone that has always looked up to you, even from afar during the times. We're also close men. I'm proud of you. Appreciate I'm, I'm really proud of you. Appreciate Dre.


You had some unbelievable games in the hall of Fame, the first Houston Texan player ever selected to the pro football hall of Fame. But I'm pretty sure they showed on your highlight clip, that fight. Oh, I Forgot about that. I knew that was coming before I had only met, I had only met you once I came here early in your career and way as a matter of fact, I think, I think Kool was the coach. He was the coach and you were very quiet and you're still quite quiet. And I remember that happening and I'm like, what did this man say to get him? He don't even talk let alone fight.


What, what did he say to get you sold? Like you like EF it. I'm in Liberty City right now. I'm swinging rope. Nah, it, it had been going on for about three years. Damn. You know it build up that low. Yeah, Yeah. It, it, it had been going on for about three years, man. I, I never shared this story with nobody but 'cause we all night cap ever give it to, there you Go. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That what I'm talking about. Yeah. There we go. So Chad, you remember club play? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So old Chris style. Yeah. Yeah. So, man this is no lie like it driving up to the club.


It is my little brother and Rudy, my brother's sitting in the passenger, passenger seat. Rudy's in the back seat. And bro, I'm pulling up in valet and they jump out the car while the car's moving. Right. And I'm like, what the hell y'all doing? They was like, there you go. So I'm like, what are y'all talking about? It is courtly. He's standing at the front door of the club. Right. I didn't even see him. They wanted to get on him right then. And I'm like, nah, like we not doing that. Right. You know what I'm saying? So that happened like a, a a year prior. So I don't know man.


Like we was up 20 to nothing. And I told Co I was like, hey man, I'm finna beat his ass. Normally coaches call plays for the player. The player called the play coach. I'm gonna beat his ass on one ready break. So that was just, that was just it man. Like I just had enough of, you know, the, the stuff he was doing. So, so it Was mainly chief shots, not so much talking. It was the cheap Thirties? No, no the talking, you could talk all day. I don't give a damn about talking. Right. But the, it was the cheap things he would do after plays.


Okay. Yeah. Y'all cool now? Y'all cool now y'all? I don't know. I ain't ever seen. I seen him one time since that whole situation. So I don't, I don't But after that he ain't chief shot you no more, Huh? Nah, he ain't gonna do that. But after that ain't nobody chief shot at you? Probably. Nah, I ain't never been chief shot at, but nah, I don't, you know, I always told people like playing a game of football like I was never be afraid to be knocked out like that. Never scared me. So as long as you did it in between the whistle, I didn't care.


Right. Anything that came afterwards, that's when I had the problem. You are very business savvy. Very business savvy. So we got all our people here in Houston. I just want you to talk about some of the things that you're doing here that they can continue to support while they're here that they, if they don't know about what you got going on. Nah, I'm, I, I actually, it wa there was a business I had here. It is not longer here anymore. I'm actually in the process of remodeling a place on Washington Avenue. I have a few pizza places that I own in Jacksonville and two in Atlanta.


So they called What kind of place is Pizza? Yeah, pizza, pizza, wings, burgers, all that stuff. Okay. Called Good Fells Pizza. Oh good Fells. Okay. Yeah. So the, we have two in Atlanta and one in Jacksonville. Okay. We is what I want to know and I'm sure there are a lot of fellas out there wanna know how the hell you 40 years old and that hairline is that far forward. What the fuck Come bro? How this man hairline just like he was when he was four years old. No man, my, if I was to show you a picture of my dad, you would get it like his, his Airline That for on man.


Yeah, He gotta be older than me. Nah, he's passed away but, oh, sorry about that bro. Yeah, he, I'm gonna show you a picture before we leave and you'll get it. I know I don't, Hey you ain't came back home man. You ain't came back home to Miami and now I went out with you last night, Right? Yeah Sherell want to kill me but go ahead. Hey, Hey but I see why you ain't came back home boy. What? Hey, hey, hey Shae about to run on stage guys. Hey boy. Hey ate it. I mean I'm just being respectful.


You can hear me? Yeah she, she told me backstage, she told we don't have you out at four in the morning no more. Yeah. Nah shit boy they out here bro. Nah man They out boy. They out here bro. Shit Dog. I'm glad I didn't move out here. I was telling I was talking to 'em in the back. I said man I almost moved to Houston. Yeah. Hey it's a decision I didn't make. Nah it is, it is. Nah Houston you should've Moved here. No I shouldn't. No. Yeah. Come on Man. Oh man. I asked About you last night. I was looking for you last night. Every man gotta know his limitations. Well nah, Houston's a man. This is a hell of a city. I never thought, you know, being from Miami, growing up in Miami man I never thought I would leave and to be here.


My mom's moved here, my brother's moved here man like Houston's home for me now so I ain't going nowhere. Oh Well shit I'm coming to Said I'm coming to Rel say she like Miami. Huh? You done had, hold on. You just had Rel move to Miami. She uprooted her roots up in Tampa. Well I'm finna move to Houston. Shit. Well you a rail movie in Houston. When you look at today's proper wide receivers, obviously it is, you know you got Tyreek and you got CD and you got Jefferson and you got Chase, you got digs, you got Mike Evans.


Does anybody currently play the Y receiver position? Remind you of Dre. I would say AJ Brown. Yeah, AJ Brown, DK Metcalf, Big guys. Tremendous run after the catch, catch the ball in the crowd. Big guys that can really run. I'm a big Jamar Chase fan also. Yeah, so tho I would say those two guys in particular Of the current crop of quarterbacks, who would you like you get Mahome, you could take any quarterback that's currently playing. Yeah And I'm gonna say Dre, you get to have this guy for a decade.


I can answer that question right now there's only two CJ or Patrick Mahon. Boy you beat, you beat two good ones. Are you surprised at how well knowing this game, this is not an easy game to play. Right? Especially for that position. Are you even surprised that how well he played in his rookie season? Not at all. So whenever they always meet the guys the day after the draft, when they come in before they do their press conference. So I don't know man, like something about CJ was just different than any other guy I met.


He was super mature. The guy barely even goes out, you know, tremendous in his faith. Great leader, he's always, he gained a team respect. You know how hard it is as a rookie to game. Yeah, absolutely. The team respect we played this game so man what what done has been truly amazing. So I'm looking forward to this upcoming season. I done ran outta questions. Hold on. I got one good. Where we going tonight? We'll talk about that later.


'cause want to kill himself man, We ain't worried about that man. We out there, we on these streets, did these streets. You were an outstanding sprinter. 60 meter big east champ. Finished run up in a hundred meters. You hear Tyreek talk about, I won't know a lot. Listen man, I've had a chance to run against some guys that have ran in the Olympics and bro that's a different level of sprinting. That's P different, that's a yeah that's a, that's a different type of fast. So I don't know if Tyree really want that problem. I think, you know what, that's why I say when I would think about it, right?


Tyreek get out right away. I think that's why he said I wanna, if I'm racing him, I don't wanna do it in a hundred, let me do it in the 50 or 60. 'cause I think if he get out fast enough and hold it and maintain it because he didn't have the endurance to go past that, I'm thinking it'd be close. Yeah. If they do 40 to 50 yards, that's different. See That's that's That's What I meant. Yeah. That's A difference. I was trying to explain that Don, because you gotta think like once you hit that, 'cause I ran a hundred, once you hit that 50, like that 40 to 50 meter mark, man they open up. Yeah. And you gotta, yeah you got, you gotta come over with it. But, but my, what I was explaining to Ocho is that you can't challenge a man in this this Nah, but this is what I want us to do.


You're like okay I'm gonna challenge you to a arm wrestling competition, but we gonna do back flips. No, you challenge me to an arm wrestling competition. That man runs the hundred. He don't run the 50. Well you gotta think about the, remember the Donovan Bailey and Michael Johnson? Yeah, Yeah. The One 50. So they ran the one 50 because Mike was a 200 runner. Right? Was a hundred runner. I don't know man. I love to see it. I ain't Gonna lie. Oh we tried to get it, we tried to make it work. Yeah we gonna make happy. I love to see that though. I'm, what do we do? Okay, what did we split the difference? Seven five? Nah, that's not Fair. 75 millions. Yeah. For Tyrek and Noah. Yeah. That's not fair.


Tyrek ain't got a chance. That's why it's 50. Once, once Listen, once Noah la open up at that 50 55 yard mark, it's a wrap. But you, you do realize now Tyrek does get out fast but most sprinters get out fast. Most sprinters are tyreek. 75 is too much. Yeah, you gotta do that in like 60 or 55 meters. I don't even know he can't beat him in the 60 meters Beat. Who? Tyre can't beat Tyre Beat him in the 60 meters. No, because he gonna close. He, he coming maybe a 40 yard dash. I Don't think people really realize how fast them, dude, you gotta be out there.


What Do you mean? I I go to the meet now. Yeah I Go to the meet. I've experienced it so I ain't for them. Dudes be moving. They, they Fast because Because they this big. They be wearing 160 pounds. Yeah, they do. People don't realize how small Noah Lowes is. I mean a tobo who won the 200 meters, he won 55. Yeah. Yeah. Agro, I mean think about it. A grown man is 155 pounds. Yeah. That's how small these guys are. Nah, that Nor Bernie Norwood told you he's over, he's six foot tall. He's 165. Yeah. That's heavy for him. That's, that's Tyree two musclebound.


Man You gotta think when I was running I was two 30 running track for Real. Two 30. I'm two. I played, I played it. But by 2 32 Nah you was about 180. Nah, Nah nah. Hell nah. Thank you. You about you was about, you might have been 1 75 When I was playing. Yeah. What? Why was two 20 Your feet was Too fast. Chad you I Know. You Know, I know you now like I know start, You gotta understand. You gotta understand what I was taking before the games. I don't even want to talk about that. You don't. Alright Dre. Yeah.


Dre know, you know, before the games I used to take half a Viagra. We don't take it. See, just imagine if you'd have took that spark. No, no. This is for football though. That's what I'm talking about. You know the, the increase in blood flow, it makes the feet go fast. It got double the dosage. Nah, he ain't gonna work on the field. Great. Lemme ask you. Who do you believe is the best receiver to come outta the state of Florida? You got you, you got Ocho, you got Peter Ward, you got Cole, you got Santana Moss.


What are you basing it on? Ab You forgot Ab High school. Ab Ab. What you basing on? We gonna do You talking about all the way Through. All the way through. I like that. I like that. I agree. I agree. I agree. I got, I got me a jacket too. When you go back and look at your team, that 2000 and that that you and Porters and Shockey and all the McGee. Yeah. When you go back and look at that team and you and you like, man we had 15, 17 first round picks.


We had another eight, 12 second round picks. Did you realize, like when y'all went to the season, did you realize just how good you were? Yeah. You ain't have no choice man. I always tell people I, that was the best football team I've ever played on in my life. Like, you gotta think Sean Taylor sitting on the bench, Andre Row sitting on the bench. Roscoe Paris sitting on the bench. Frank Gore sitting on the bench. Ali shit. Vince Woolford wasn't even starting.


Like I could go on and on like I was and it's crazy you bring this up. I just was having a conversation about this 'cause somebody asked me about that team and Sean Taylor. I tell people all the time, he's the best football player I've ever played with. Wow. Like it's not even close. Yeah. Like this dude came in, this dude came in, he was six three And. we put him on a scale after the workout. He was 220 pounds after the workout. Wow. So I mean you could line him up anywhere. A lot of people don't even realize he was a running back in high school.


What? Yes, Shante was a running back in high school. He wasn't a safety. He played running back. They would throw him in on defense, but he was a running back in high school. Could you make a case that this is the greatest college football team ever put together? Yes. There's no question. I mean, if you, if you, y'all can talk about all that LSU stuff y'all want to talk about. If you look at just our backfield, you got Portis, Willis McGahey, Frank Gore, I ain't even mention Najay Davenport and people don't even really know who that is.


Right. I'm talking about this. A six two guy, 240, 230 pounds running 4 3 4 Fast. Yeah. Like Najay was like a, he was a hundred meter sprinter in high school. Wow. So Who, who are you wide out? Me, Darryl Jones, Kevin Beard, Jason G. Tight End was Shockey. Jeremy Shockey. I ain't even mention this person. Kelly Winslow Jr. Yes. Sitting in the bench. Got about Kelly. Yeah. Didn't even play. Right. And you had the backup tied to him. He went to, ended up winning the Buffalo. Had a neck injury. Yeah.


He's actually from here. Oh my god, I can't think his name right now. Kevin Everett. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. He's actually from here in Houston. And then your D line was loaded. Jerome McDougall, Andrew Williams, William Joseph. Like I said, Vince Woodfork wasn't even starting. He was a backer. Both Of your linebackers go in the first round. DJ Williams, John and Viba. Chris Campbell would've been the second round pick passed away in the car crash. Wow. Every, yeah. Mike Grump, Phillip Buchanan. I go old and over, but they were loaded.


Go ahead. You got anything? I ran Outta questions. But You made headlines for some of the donations. You're very charitable, you've been in the community, you give back to your community. Why was that so important to you? You started this when you played, you've continued it now that you're, that you're here full time. Why was that so important to you, Dre? Because I was, I was always a person. Like I never wanted to forget where I come from. Right. I remember being a kid and I was, we was, we was standing on the corner, I was playing a little league. We was standing on the corner and you know, ask for money donations. 'cause we were trying to go to Orlando to play in a, what we call it, the Turkey bowl or something back there Bowl.


Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving. Yeah. So I'll never forget, I woke up to this car and a guy, he sees me coming, he's digging in his bag and he turns around giving me $5. It was damn Marino. What? Yes. So you don't realize like the impact that have on you as a little kid. I'm nine or 10 years old, so I just always said like, man, if I was to ever make it, I wanted to give back. You know, to people who was more or less fortunate than me. Wow.


That's an unbelievable story. You getting coaching, you see your former teammate, Dico head coach of the Texans is coaching and Dre's future. Man, I've been getting this question, I get this question almost every day right now. I would say no, but you Can't hang out with OCHO if you start coaching. Yeah, I ain't, I ain't trying to hang out with Ocho. I don't, I don't go nowhere. I don't go nowhere. Cigar ball, that's it. Nah, but nah, I, I would say no right now, but I think eventually in the future it could possibly happen.


Alright. Alright ladies and gentlemen. Andre Johnson, the first member of the pro football hall of Fame from Thetan. We be going tonight. He ain't going nowhere. Real, real. He just, he's just talking crazy. Well, we in these streets, boy. Riding on slabs. That's all related. Riding on Slabs Ocho. I feel good. Ocho. Y'all good? Yeah. All right. All right. All right. I need, I need some of that drink. The Volume Volume.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, you Wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and Off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief, and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Fantasy Football fans. The NFL season is here, and now is the time to do your homework. The best way to do that homework is to listen to the NFL Fantasy Football Podcast. Come hang out with me, Marcus Grant, as well as my pal Michael f Florio, as we give you all the insight you need to set the best lineups each week For a smart, fun, and entertaining path to league domination. The NFL Fantasy Football Podcast is the show for you. Subscribe now and listen to the NFL Fantasy Football Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.