
Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume


NFL week one is here. And the new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns, Draftking hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new draft King customers bet. $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us. NFL Football is Back and if the tonight's game with any indication, this season is about to be unbelievable. Crazy. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner. Extraordinary in the glasses. The Cincinnati Bal ring of Fame Artery Fame, the legendary pro bowler all pro. Yeah. From Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, do us a favor. Make sure you hit that subscribe button and please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, we'd like to welcome you to our debut of our members only chat. Go ahead and click that join button from a web browser, not the app to join and become a member.


Guys, remember, go join. Subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And, we thank you for counting as much as you have and helping OCHO and I become what we become. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. If you can't find La Porter in a state or a city near you, you can order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. We have it in stock and so there should not be a long way. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Our tour t-shirts and hats drop today.


Use the VIP for an additional 10% off. Oh Ocho, let's get right into it. Let's not wait any longer. The Chiefs escaped the Ravens by a matter of inches, if likely wore a size 12. Yeah. Instead of a size 14, we'd potentially be going into old. Nope. We are gonna have a winner or a loser one way or another because John Harbaugh had already decided, said, I'm going for two Ah-Huh? So we were gonna have a winner or loser at the end of regulation. Unfortunately, replay said all plays, all scoring plays and turnover plays Yeah. Are reviewed and no touchdown. So that's how close we came to have it. Either the Ravens potentially horrendous game and regulation.


Yeah. By going, getting this late last second touchdown and going for two and winning. But he was out, likely played an unbelievable game. Lamar was sensational when he needed to be. He missed one throw. I'm sure he would like to have that throwback to Za Flowers. Yeah, the Zay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's when he loved to have back. But he was 28. No, he was 26 or 41. 2 73. One touchdown with no interception. 16 rushes. 122 yards. We know the Ravens are gonna run to football. 32 rushes 185 yards. This is what they do. We know what they're capable of doing, but the Chiefs open up their season in defense of their back to back Super Bowls with a 27 20 win.


Patrick Mahomes, 20 of 28, 2 91, 1 touchdown, one inception. He was sacked twice. Rashid Rice seven catches a buckle. Three. Yeah. Xavier worthy two catches 47 yards. A 35 yard touchdown and a a run. How far was that run? 21 yards. Where he showed you his speed ocho. Oh yeah. What did you, watching this game. Yeah. Very exciting game Ocho, what were some of your takeaways? Listen, the game was very exciting. Just a thought that we're getting a repeat of that a FC game from last year. I'm hyped. I'm ready. So again, when the game started, guess who ruined the game for me at the beginning because now the referees, the zebras, you are overdoing it.


Okay. You asked the tackles to step up a little bit. You call it, you call, you called it one time. Okay, bet. Then you call it again then you call it a third time. Oh, they called the motherfucker a Oh, I'm sorry. My bad, my bad. Let lemme stop. I'm sorry. I apologize. I apologize because I I was kind of hot about that. The, the referees were making it more about them than the actual game itself. On the first game, on the first series that was very agitating was very aggravating. Let them boys play ball. The tackle being the tackle being slightly off from the guard, slightly off gives him no advantage or no disadvantage. Oh Yeah. It does, it give him a huge advantage.


That's why he lines up like that. And you see that and you see the tackles jumping the count. You see how they jumping the count, they going before the snap of the ball. That's a huge, that's why they get back like that Ocho, I don't really think it's what, what, what, what advantage is it? How can, how, how can it be an advantage? Because, because I wanna clo I want, I want it farther away. I don't want you up on me. Right. I don't want you one move I wanna be able to kick. Right. And now I'm three, I'm, I'm a yard, I'm two yards, three yards away from you. But ocho, if I'm on the line and you beat me, I'm done. See, but I'm, I'm thinking about it differently. If you, if we a little closer, a little closer, that gives me a better opportunity to engage and use my hands and kick The same.


I I don't wanna engage. Right. I don't, I don't wanna engage right now. Not on the path. Not on the path. Russia. Right. You don't want to engage right now. You want, you want him to show you his move. Right. So therefore, and then and and then engage. There you go. There you go. Okay. I see now, because if you, if you too close Ocho, I can't see what you're gonna do. Are you gonna come inside? There might be a game. I would need to be able to pass it off if it's a game, a te or et Right. I can pass it off and I can still be able to catch the de tackle or whomever's looping around on A stunt. Okay. Okay. Yes. I see. I see. Okay. So it's a huge advantage and the competition made made it a point of emphasis. Yeah. Because last year they were doing the same thing and they were jumping to count.


Right. So the tackles know. They they absolutely know. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely know when you, when you put it that way. I just, I just thought even though they made it a point of emphasis, I just think it, it kind of got in the way of the game. It got in the way, the flow of the game. Allowing the offensive, the offense, the ravens offense to do what they needed to do. The Chiefs didn't get the call at all. I'm not sure. I didn't really pay attention to the offensive line to see if their, if their tackles did the same thing or not. But other than that, the game was good. I I ain't, I ain't enjoy the game on both, on both sides of the ball. Listen, a little sloppy in the first half though. Yeah, it was a little sloppy in the, it was a little sloppy in the first half. I was trying to figure out at what point were the Raven Defense gonna make some goddamn adjustments. 'cause Rasheed Rice catching the same goddamn shallow Zo route on the mismatch against the linebacker over and over.


He got a hundred goddamn yards off shallows. Hey, Like what are we doing? If, if you a defensive player, you never let the offensive guy cross your face. Always. That's rule, that's rule number one. But Even, even if even, oh, we talking about, we talking about linebackers. Even if they do try to stop him, he's still going to be able to get there because athletically he's a little bit more gifted and fast than all of them. Anyway. I get the ZR route 'cause that zr route is basically unstoppable. You talk about somebody that ran a bunch of holes. Oh yeah. Okay. Because here's the thing, when I stop and I start this way, here you go. Trying to get it. And now I'm going back that way The other way. Or the same thing with a whip route. Don't yo, you know when you go out there and you wet back in more times than not, you're gonna be wide open.


Oh yeah. Yeah. But I just thought, I just thought the thing was that you is, it is very tough on a linebacker. But you know, where am I vulnerable? Because if I give up the inside, I ain't got no sideline. You done done. At least I can use the sideline hell as my second defender. Right. And I can push his ass out bounds. Yeah. I let him inside. Well, I hope come right because that's, that's bare minimum first down. And Rashid Rice liked to get, if that's Xavier worthy, I'm not so sure they drag him down. Ojo, right? Nah, I'm not so sure they drag him down. Hold on. But you, it was, Can you see me?


They say the, they say you're blurry. My camera blurry. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Yeah. Now how is, is that better? He, Hey, hold on. You know I Put your hand up. So to refocus, put your hand up. So to refocus further back, you need to come further back. Like, like here right in front of your face. Little further up. Yeah. Still out of focus. He's still blurry. He still out of focus. You know, I, I bought, I brought this camera from my homeboy and in Opel locker he had, I I could tell $20. He, he got o he got over on you. Well, shit, it was still in the box though.


Hold on, hold on. We gotta get this right before we finish because I got, I got a lot to talk about him. I'm happy in the motherfucker. Is it, is it, is it still blurry? It getting better? I seem dark. Do I seem dark? It does Joey, How come it don't look blurry to me? We're good. We're good. Ojo. Hey, hey, hey. Shout out to my, to, to my homeboy. Joe Khan got me this $20 Sony. Sony a seven A seven two and O Locker for $20. Well, I appreciate you Boy, we laughed. We laughed. We laughed. But anyway, UNC it it was a good game tonight.


I really enjoyed it. Chiefs offense looked good. Xavier worthy. Xavier worthy. Listen, a little, a little miscommunication between the defense on the second touchdown from Worthy. You know, God damn. What's his, what's 44? What's 44 name? Oh, Marlon Humphrey Mar. Marlon Humphrey thought he had safety help. He thought he had safety help because he saw Pacheco come out the backfield. And he, he, he, he stayed right in the flat safety. No communication. That Easy. Damn Pacheco. Hey, Easy touchdown, easy touchdown for God damn worthy. But one of the things I saw with Worthy, when he got that goddamn reverse, he runs so smooth. He runs so smooth and he accelerates with no indication that he's moving faster than he is.


I don't know. For some reason, the way he, you know, he runs straight up. You run tall. It remind me of Marcus Allen for some reason it remind me of Marcus Allen. He moving. I'm not saying Marcus Allen was that fast. I'm saying no. Hell no. The man wasn't that his, his gate. His gate, the way he run his style of running the like Marcus Allen, whatever boy was moving boy. Oh yeah. He could run. Well obviously the thing is Ocho is that what you wanna see when a guy's time that fast? Yeah. Does he play that fast? Right. Right. And now you now now you have your answer. Yeah. He plays fast. He plays that fast. Yep. Yeah. We've seen guys that can time fast but don't play fast. No. We see guys that play fast that didn't time fast. Especially Jerry Was a prime example.


Jerry Rice did not time fast. Yeah. M Smith did not time fast. Right. I did. But he played fast. There's there's a reason why when you get 22,000 yards. Yeah. Oh You got 200 plus touchdowns. Yeah. For A reason. And you don't run 4, 4, 4 3. Jerry Clark 4, 6, 8. Hold on. What? Remember what? You remember what I ran at the combine? Yeah. Yeah. You was a tick. You was tick above me. But this is the thing I play extremely fast. Much faster. Yes. Listen, the game of football, this is why I don't understand why so many people are always caught up in the 40 yard dash. He runs four two, he runs four three, he runs four four, he runs four, five.


It really doesn't matter. 'cause the game of football does not play in a straight line. Now no. To have that weapon of having speed in your, in your arsenal, that is a great thing. Have That in your toolbox. But once you're able to be able to understand coverages, understand leverage, understand what you need to do to be able to get open within the timing of the offense that you're in. Oh man, you good? Just if you do have speed to go along with that, that is awesome. But it's really not. You get Tyreek, it's really not a necessity. You see Tyreek? Yeah. Remember when Tyreek first got in? Yes sir. They would only use Tyreek as gadgets. Yes sir. They let him run punts back. Kickoff back Tyreek taught himself how to run routes. Oh yeah. It was a Wrap. Now the guy's gonna go into the hall of Fame.


It was a wrap. And Xavier, I'm not saying Xavier Worth is gonna be Tyreek Hill, but with that kind of speed, he already has something that everybody in the NFL is fearful of. And that's speed. Because I can't teach you that. I can teach you how to run route. I can teach you how to drop your hips. Ocho I can teach you, I can teach you nuances to help get you open. Right. If you can run faster or you can't. Yeah. I Tell you. And you know what, you know what's funny? I don't think the, I don't think, well, I think maybe the casual fans do understand, or the fans that are in the chat or the people that actually watch the game of fall. You need to understand that the entirety of the NFL at the skill position, everybody is fast.


Unc, I wonder hell understand that everybody is fast. And then you have Xavier worthy, then you have Cheetah, then you have people like, who am I leaving out who am Ister? Huh? Am I leaving out ThatHe, Raheem Moer? Yeah. Yeah. Now that's No dis a chain. A chain. No disrespect to crack heads, but they crack head fast. Yeah. Like they used to say like these say like they used to say back in the day. Yeah. Man. Them boys. Them boys moving man. Yeah. It's, it, it's good to see. I'm just, listen, I'm so excited. I can't even get my words out. I'm so happy football is back. Yeah. It and I think everybody's happy. Football is back because we, we we consume so much of it.


Yeah. And then, you know, then they're like, oh man, they got a game on again. They got a game on again. And then when it's not there, they're like, well damn, when is football coming back? And this is why the insatiable appetite for football. The fans that the NFL tries to give you. They got a game tomorrow night, don't you? Yeah. They got I can't Tomorrow night. Yeah. Eagles. Eagles and Packers. Yeah. Eagles of Packers. And then you got the full s slate of games Sunday. Wait, Then we Go back Monday, Thursday. Don't skip. We don't Skip Saturday. We got college football. Oh yeah. Yeah. But I'm saying the NFL. Oh, Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. We got, we got the next, what, 12, 13 weeks of college football. Right. And, we got the next, you know, six months of NFL football.


So we have a lot, we're gonna have a lot to discuss. We're gonna have a lot to talk about. There're gonna be some, some ups and downs, some ebbs and flows. I, I'm not concerned about the Ravens. I like what I saw. Yeah. I'm, I'm surprised that they didn't run Derrick Henry A. Little bit more than what they ran in. But it's gonna take him some time to get him into the floor of things. I would, I would get out of it too. Unc, that goddamn Chris Jones, man, god damn. I would listen. CJ he was very, he was very disruptive. Yeah. He was very disruptive. But they had to keep likely in and mess up the offensive flow because you had to keep likely in just a chip and help the guard, the goddamn tackle because they couldn't do nothing. When the guard tackle tried to double team Chris Jones, he still got in their head and got the strip Sack.


Yeah. He good. He, he, oh my god. You know what, he's, he, he's really good. He's really good at understanding the snap count. Yeah. But he's really good at getting skinny. Yeah. You're talking about a man that's probably almost 300 pounds. Pounds. Yeah. But he can get like Aaron Don, how you can get through there skinny the guard attack because they try to double it and he give you half the man. And He good with his hands too. Now he, he's Great with his Hands. He really good. He really good with his hands. And that's what, and the really good ones, the really good anything. Ed Russell's dts, they can play on edges. Yes sir. Because you never want a man to square you up. Even when you play, when you play wide receiver, you want to give the man half of you. You never want to give your man your entire chest. And I had a conversation of, I saw some things that with Kelsey, with Trav.


And I said, bro, I called him. I said, bro, what are you doing? He said, what going on? Yeah. I said, Bro, high. Yeah. I said, you giving, I said, you giving him, you giving him too much of a man. I said, you gotta put it on edges. Don't go straight down the middle and let that man put both hands in your breastplate. You got to make him pick a side. You've gotta give him a shoulder. Right. A side one way or another. But if you try to play straight down the man, he can put both hands on you. He's already done his job. Right. He, if he gets both hands in your chest, he's Done his job. Right there, there, there, there are two receivers that I've seen play that because of their size. Smaller dbs will take advantage of attacking at the, at the point of attack, attacking them first and get their hands in their chest.


And most of the time when that happens, you are done. I've never seen, I've never seen anybody like Brandon Marshall and Terrell, El Dorado Owens have a DB get in they chest and they still win every time because they want contact. They can play through Contact. They Wanna play you. They welcome contact. Oh, I've seen Brandon Na Teo allow people to jam them initially at the line. And they do that pull tug. Yeah, they do the pool tug. I'm like, what the, and be and be wide open and hold on. And the whole point of DB doing the jam is to disrupt the timing of the offense. Yeah. And it still don't work. But here's the thing.


You know this, when you jam somebody, you gotta be careful because you can get yourself off balance. And what happens when you get there and I get you like this and I do this or I do that. Now I got you off balance. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. This Is the, This is this, this is the problem. I'm watching film, so I'm like, okay, I'm gonna try it in practice. I swear God, I sw for God. I was over there with the water cooler. Yeah. I was over there with the water cooler. They too strong. No, you need To be, they too strong. Yeah. I didn't know, I didn't know the amount of strength it took to be able to allow somebody, you know, to latch on and to pull and go, man, I, I couldn't even do it.


Yeah. You, you understand what it is. I mean, like, like with linebackers, I'm playing on the edge now if it's a DB or safety, I'm trying to go right down the middle 'cause I wanna get my hands on me. Yes sir. If I get my hands on you, it's over. It's a wrap. It's a wrap. I'm a I'm I'm gonna. She you. And so that's why guys, a lot of guys, they gonna try to do what La Darius speed the leg Snead did to req. They gonna try what we used to call it freeze. Right. Because you like, I got your ass. So, Or or what they call, we call feathering. Right. So I'm up in a preposition ocho, but I, all I'm doing is dancing because I don't want you to get your hands on. Yeah. So all I'm doing is feathering you wherever you go, I'm shadow you.


Right. Because I don't want to get within arm distance. 'cause I know you gonna grab me and throw me. And so a lot of guys, that's how Corner played me. 'cause they know if I got my hands on 'em, it was good night. It's a wrap. I'm throwing your hands to the ground. Yeah. You, you were stronger than everybody else, huh? Yeah. I I I throw you to the ground if you was safety or a corner. Oh, you go on the ground. Yeah, you on the ground. If I got my hands on you on the ground. Yeah. Because all the a because most of them, they don't take the jersey down. Like see you tip your, the edge of your jersey. Oh yeah. It's already Taped and tucked. That's not what they do. So I can grab the out this, this part of that shoulder pad. Yep. Yep. Ha ha On the ground. You go on the ground you go.


But yeah, I think look, when it's all said done, both of these teams barring injuries, I believe will be here. Lamar played really ve tonight. He missed a few throws. But it's early this season. Yeah. The only thing, the only throw that I think he wants back Ocho was that one in, in the end Zone, the z other Than that, what you call them, Patrick Mahomes had a couple of, I don't know what I didn't understand. Why would Juju a ball that he could catch like this? Why would he try to catch it like this? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I I think ju Juju a good receiver. Good receiver. No, no disrespect towards him, but people that are natural catches of the ball always position their hands the right way based on which way they're going and which way their body is facing.


That's how you can tell he's not a nat natural catch of the ball. Like a Chris Carter or Larry Fitzgerald receivers like that, that just know how the hand placement is supposed to be. Especially when there's a defender coming behind you that makes you, you ensure the catch. Because here's the thing, Ocho, when he did like this and caught it like this. Yeah. He allowed the DV to come straight through the ball as opposed to catch it like this. Now the DB gotta come through. You Come through him. Exactly. Those, those, like I said, there are nuances ocho that you can teach somebody small. But if that guy already has that ability Right. It's already, it is already. It's already in you. It's Already there. You know, I always want the guy to play through me, me Yeah.


To get to the ball. I never want to give him a direct line to the football. And when I, when I let the ball, oh, he gonna go, he going for the ball Ocho at that point in time, it's obvious because to get you on the ground, what good if I tackle you in the end zone, you got the ball. That's a touchdown. Listen. So now let me go through the ball,


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week. But I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolfe. This is Their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


And the funny thing about it, if you think about it, you have more strength like this Yes. Gets in the ball like this as opposed to you do trying to catch it like this. Especially with somebody coming full speed behind you. Yes. So that, and there's a play where they brought a blitz, they brought corner blitz. Marlon Humphrey. Yeah. And Mahomes rushed to throw, if he hit P Ryan oh P ride, he gonna score touchdown because the D tackle the D tackle Got in man. Yeah. Hold on. P Ryan tripping. Now come on with the one hand. Now go ahead and go ahead and put both hands out there. I know you talking about to the left side too. Yeah. PP re he got, he gotta put both hands out there now. You it What, What co what's coach tell you if it touch your hand?


You do what? If you get one. I I'm, but you know, everybody wanna make the root. Wanna make a one hand catch now? Yeah. Odell be a lot of guys done ruined it now. 'cause everybody looking to make that highlight rest sports center catch. Yeah. I didn't want, I would be on, if I catch a touchdown, I'm gonna be on Sports Center. Yeah. One hand up. Two, I'm Be on Sports center, either one, one or two. I'm gonna be on sports if I catch a touchdown. You Notice wasn't nobody in front of him. Right. Oh, it's a touchdown. They brought touchdown, they brought the corner and the, and the D tackle got him, man. So he, I'm like bro, ooh, He, he left. Yeah. Mm. Listen, it was a good game. You go Back and you watch tape Ocho. Yes sir. And you look, he's like, okay, we let that one get away. I think that Fagans what scared him is that Patrick had more times.


That's the situation. You just get it up. You ain't gotta put no, you ain't gotta put no pizazz on it. Right. Just get it up because the, the, the guy that's got him covered, it's coming from the inside. Yeah. And he ain't gonna get there. Oh hell no. He ain't gonna get there. If he does, we need a new running back. That's what hey, that's what coach used to say. Hey, coach used, Mike used to tell us all the time, Hey, 84, don't worry. A don't hold that guy because if, hey, if you do your job blocking and the running back don't get to the hole. It's not you. We gotta get a new running back. Right. Okay. So in that situation, Mahomes just get it up over the guy. Hey, get a new and, and, and let him run with it. But yeah. Yeah. I think when it's all said and done, I think I, I think both of these teams look really good tonight.


Obviously the Kansas City's feeling well they get a long, they get a, they get a, a mini by OCHO because guess what? They don't play till the following Sunday. Yeah. So now I get Friday off, Saturday off, Sunday off. He probably have 'em come. Yeah. They'll probably give him Friday, Saturday, Sunday off. Come in Monday, Tuesday off again Wednesday, let's hit it. Yeah. Back, back, back to work. Yeah. I, I really enjoyed the game. I, I, I mean I really did. Oh for sure. You know, it was very, very sloppy in the first half again this one week. So you got, you gotta remember these going, these boys going from playing in no preseason basically. Obviously there were some reps I think, but from the Chiefs, Andy Reid don't play that when it come to preseason. I think some players Know had that behind the back pass. Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. But but he ain't got a lot. He ain't ain't Got a lot of reps. No, he didn't get much Ravens. Ravens number ones. They going from zero to a hundred week one. Yes. We going from zero to zero to a hundred. They look good. Like you said, they should have used Derrick Henry A. Little bit more often. But again, with the, with Chris Jones being as disruptive as he was, I understood why they went away from that a little bit and Oh, Ocho early the game. Yeah. It's 12 minutes in the second quarter. Why they go for it? Why do Ravens go for it? Punt that ball The fourth and three or the fourth and fourth. Yes. Yeah, the fourth and three. Yeah. Yeah. I, I remember, remember You punt that ball ball, you make them go 80 90 on you don't get Patrick hold the short field.


I like that. Hold on. Okay. You do go for it. Why do you do it to the short side of the field? Why do you go for it to the short side of the field when you have all that space over to the left? If you gonna use a flowers who you know as quick as hell, especially in space, why not have them in space and throw the ball to the Y side of the field instead of use the sideline. That's really just a 12th defender for the defense anyway and make it much that much more difficult for yourself if you're gonna go for it. Yeah. You know, I think analytics would say based on circumstance and the situation, you're not supposed to go for that. No And. if you are gonna go for it game, See yourself the best chance Because guess what I'm thinking this game gonna be pretty close.


This a tight because you gave up because thinking, okay, Lamar threw a pick, Lamar Fumble gave him three points and you turn and you go infertile downs and gave him a short field and gave him another three points. Right. So in a situation like that, you un you understand and I get it, keep Patrick Mahomes the best way to keep the Patrick Mahomes off the field. But if his ass is on the field, I wouldn't go at 80 and 90 instead of 40 or 50 40. Yeah. Because basically you give him three first dimes, he's in field goal range and with that kicker they got, they they got, they got one of the two or three best kickers in all the football. Yeah. Top Yep. Top three. So with that being said, that that's the only thing.


But I thought the game, I thought Lamar threw the ball well and he ran the ball exceptionally well. Likely. Like I said, I always thought likely, and I said this, I remember saying this a couple of years ago, I said, if Mark Andrews wasn't there likely it, he, he could be a Pro Bowl tie either. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, most definitely. He got that kind of ability. Most definitely. He really, he really does. There, there, There, there's some situations that are a little iffy with me where I wish he was a little bit more aggressive. Especially when the ball is in the air. Like on that goddamn deep ball. He let the safety, he let the safety out jump him to the deep ball. When you, man you spoke to Jimmy Graham that, come on man. I tall as like he what, 6 4, 6 5? Yeah. Yeah. That deep ball, that deep, that deep shot Lamar gave him. Yeah. You supposed to come down with that.


You supposed to come down with that. Man, let me get this man. That ain't nothing, that ain't nothing but want to on that situation. But you know what Ocho he, but he made a great play on the ball. Lamar made a great throw. He threw it behind him because Bolt and overran the play. Yeah. And then there's a great driver. Okay. Just get him on the ground one after catch. I'm sure that's what spa's gonna tell Bolton at that point in time. They've made a great play. Now let's just get him on the ground. Right. Let's just get him on the ground. But Ravens fault to, or one Chiefs go to one and oh Ocho Lamar said if his had, if he had the body he has now, the Ravens would've won the a FC championship game last year. I like that.


He said, I wish I was feeling like this body wise in the a FC championship. A FC championship. We would've won the game with me hurting. I know my legs were good. We would've won that ish. We wouldn't have even had to throw the ball. Did Lamar slimming down? Will that unlock his potential to go to the next level? I like it. I like it. I think him, him slimming down means he's moving a lot more elusive. He's, he's a lot more, he, he's faster, you know, the more weight you put on, the slower you become. I think Lamar is at his most dangerous, at a lighter weight similar to how he was at Louisville. Obviously he's not that small. You have to have some type of muscle on you playing the quarterback position at the highest level.


But IIII think he's right. I think he's right. What makes, here's the thing though, Lamar, what makes football so unique Yes. Is that you've been going at this thing for 18, 19 weeks and everybody's beat up. Yeah. Everybody. And so now you have to bring your best package that particular day. Yes Sir. And that's what makes football so unique because guess what? Everybody beat the hell up. Ain't nobody feeling, ain't nobody feeling like nobody. The, that you'll ever feel once this season is that the day you go to training camp, you'll never feel that. Yeah. You're right. Right. That, trust me as a guy that went to 14 of them, the best I felt was the first day of training camp after that Down.


I feel good down, down from there. Way downhill from there. Trainer camp on Hell yeah. But, but I look, the thing is, and he took a shot Ocho he had an opportunity to go out of bounds. I know you the player I'm talking about. I I I like that. You didn't like that? I like It. No, hell no. No. I take that shot. No, no, no, No, no. That's pomp. Those fines baby. That's pomp those fines. That's what I'm talking about. How you set the tone. Matter of fact, you think No, didn reset the tone. Lamar Jackson don't set the tone. Hold on, hold on. I'm just saying you gotta think from, I'm I'm thinking about if I was on the Ravens team, right? Yeah. If I'm an offensive player, I'm a receiver, I'm a lineman, I'm a running back.


I, I'm on the goddamn sideline and I see and I see him dip that shoulder. Now he peeped at who it was first to understand, okay, is this somebody I can actually take on and be able to withstand his contact? It was, it was helmet. It wasn't the lamb back or nothing. That helmet? No, It was a helmet shot. Yeah, helmet shot. Can I ask you a question though? Yes. Who fell? But here's the, it's the, Put the head down. Let the baby, those fines. He from the crib. Yeah. I like it. We saw Cam, we saw Cam Lord a boom on a lot of people. Oh no. Okay. That's, that's his style of play. Now Lamar not gonna do that. You know Lamar don't play like that. He Did. He dipped his shoulder Ocho One time.


He did it on purpose. I told you why he did it. He told me he was gonna do it. He gonna set a tone. Tone Ocho know when the journey's over. Yeah. You got, you got a lot of these things to go. I saw you tweet that too. Yeah, You got, Hey, you got a lot. Hey, I throw that blink on in a minute. Oh I see the joke coming from this side on show. Blink. Blink. I'm out. Y'all, y'all definitely put your hats on this. I ain't look if it's a fourth download show, I get it. If it late in the ball game I get now you throw caution to the wind. Right, right, right. Oh, in the second quarter with 12 minutes to go. Yeah. Oh nah. I'm not finna give you no unnecessary hit. Yeah. 'cause like you say, he slim down now his body is, he's 2 0 5 2 10 last year he was two 30.


Yeah. That's 20 pounds difference unnecessarily. Like I said, you have to understand the situation. There were times that Tom Brady knew that he had to, like I give prime example in the Super Bowl. You see John Elway went head first the, the Super Bowl when he, when he did the helicopter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember that. Go back a but more times than not he sl Right. Understanding the circumstances of the, of the situation where we are, what we need. But other than that, I got no problem with Lamar. I thought he played well. Speaking of Lamar, Lamar also recently sat down with GQ and was asked how he deals with the hate and criticism while being in the spotlight. Always say people hated Jesus. Not to compare myself to Jesus, but like I like it.


If he got hated on and still was a good person still and, and did not follow through with his purpose and he did follow through with his purpose. Why can't I? You like that Ocho? Listen, listen. I like it. I like it because the, the, the analogy he uses the context in which he uses it and understanding that he's saying I'm not Jesus. But we understand the story in the Bible. Now I would go into, I would go into Sunday service right now and give you the scriptures on the way they hated on Jesus. And give you examples on how they did him back then. Yeah. But it's not necessary. And. we understand the hate and the criticism that Lamar gets because of the accolades and what he's achieved so far.


We understand that we want him to do better in the postseason. We want him to do better than the postseason. Yes. And he's a two time MVP so that's what comes with it. Yes. That's what comes with it. So I understand what he's saying. I don't, I don't like, I don't like the fact that he, he used the word is calling it hate because it's not hate. He just has, he just has to understand. But what he's been able to do in such a short amount of time in his career, much more is expected of you because of what you've been able to do. You special. So when you're special, this is what comes with it. This is the territory that comes with it. He has to understand that. That's all. Thank you. At some point, at some point he ain't gonna get over that hump.


He ain't gonna get up at that hurdle. Look how long it took Peyton Manning. Look how long it took. Hell, John Elway Took him about 14 years. Hey Listen. Yeah. I mean he, he went to three Super Bowls in his first seven years, but he didn't win any, it took him 14 years to win his first one. It's gonna, it's gonna take some time. It's gonna take some time. But, but It gonna get there when a great player Ocho. But when you are a great player you get judged more harsh, more if you're not much more. And so they said y'all don't say nothing about Josh, but Josh is not an MVP. Yeah. Yeah. We Judge Lamar judge like Tom Brady, like Aaron Rogers, like Peyton Manning, like John Elway, like John Dan Marino.


Yeah. And he should welcome back. Yeah. Because that's the company you want to be in. Right. The elite of the elites. Yeah. So you're gonna get critiqued a lot harsher Differently. Much differently. Yes. I think, I think because they The greater the expectation. Yeah. The harsher The critique. Yeah. I think Lamar needs to understand, and I'm sure he's aware of this, that when we talk about the best quarterbacks in NFL motherfucker, you in the top five, the top three conversations. Yes. Always. And it's gonna be like that for the next 10 years. Yes. It's gonna be like, boy you ain't at Lamar ain never 26, 27. Right. But you like 27. Yeah man, this man boy, you know how many, how many more years you got to go?


So you got a long way. They gonna criticize. They gonna gr they gonna critique, they gonna analyze. 'cause you always gonna be successful. You always gonna be on the winning end of things. But all they are going to want from you is postseason success. And as you keep chipping, chipping and chipping at that goddamn rock, at some point it's gonna come. And, and that's what I tried to explain to people. I said, look, I was on television when Peyton Manning was, had the number one seed and they were going out the first round, but Y'all was killing it. Y'all Y'all Was killing Peyton boy And they got beat 41 in. Yes. I was, I was the one, I was one of them. I remember that. I remember that. And people tried to make it seem like, oh you just, no. Do y'all, do y'all not remember?


Do y'all not remember? I do. When he got beat 41 to nothing, even his kicker turned on him. His kicker. Like when I was trying to get Peyton, like, come on Peyton, let's go. We gotta get going. We gonna win this thing. Van Jack Peyton said some idiot kicker that got liquored up and done running his mouth. Y'all, y'all see y'all forget. No, y'all didn't forget. Y'all didn't forget that y'all try to paint it older than me. I look, I'm not saying that some people don't have it out against Lamar. I don't, I played for the Ravens. I know what it's like to be in that locker room. I would like to think I helped foster some of the culture that you see come out of that locker room. So I don't have anything. I I'm great. I go back.


Ozzie welcome me, Steve Otti, Dick Cass was there, but I don't really know a whole lot of the o other upper management. Right. But those were some of the, the people, main people that was there when I was there. So they always show me love. I don't have an ax to grind with the Raven. The Ravens were great to me. The Ravens were the, the Ravens were the one that financially, financially secured Shannon Sharpe for the rest of his life. Yes sir. So I'm always gonna be indebted to the Ravens. And they gave me an opportunity to show that I was more than John, I was more than Mike Shanahan. I was more than the West coast offense. So I'll be forever indebted to the Baltimore Ravens and the city of Baltimore welcome me. I got friends that I met had I not gone to Baltimore, I would've never met.


So I got nothing but love. And so anytime anybody does anything well for the Ravens I ball for it. Ed Reed and, and Suggs and Suge, all those guys. Bro, y'all do realize I was voting for the all pro and the pro and the defensive player of the year. I voted for those guys 'cause I thought they deserve it. I ain't got no ax to grind, but I gotta call it like a see it. Yeah. And if a guy plays well I'm gonna say I'm mad enough to say he plays well and if he doesn't, I gotta be mad enough to say, even though I played for that organization, he doesn't. Same thing with the ra. I mean the ba Denver, y'all know what I think about Deborah? Hell, my nu my numbers up. I got the, the Hall of Fame crest by my name. But when they don't play well, I got to be honest.


Yeah. Because At the end of the day, that's all I got. That's how I cut my teeth. Yeah. I I used to get, they used to hate when I was like the Patriots and I said Coach Belichick sent those guys out there and the way they did certain things, I didn't think it was right. I said, if, if, if, if Coach Cowell had to come out there, Rex Ryan had to come out there, Tony Dungeon had to come out there and speak after crushing losses. Yeah. Why Bill Belichick can't bring his ass out there? He gonna send somebody out there that, that, that don't nobody know. Oh hell no. Yeah. I say, you know what, he makes it real easy for you to root against the Patriots because he does BS like this.


So, but I think the Ravens are gonna be just fine on your Yeah. Check us out. Chief fans Chief fan know this. Chiefs LIC senator, us to Chief Aholic Chiefs Aholic. Oh, They done locked. My dog ain't done locked my dog up. Locked his ass up. Oh man. Chief Aholic was or arrested on December 22nd. Damn. After being accused of robbing 150,000 from a Tulsa teacher's union, teacher's credit union. Damn. In Bixby, Oklahoma. When he was released on Bond in February, he went on the run following months after removing the ankle monitor. Yeah. He was arrested in California July of 23 and charged with bank theft and transporting stolen property across state lines.


Damn. So you go, go in there and try to rob somebody in the mascot that you on the sidelines every Sunday. Hold on. But I don't, I don't think, I think, listen, this was a great story, fascinating story. 'cause I like stuff like this. I would never do it. But I like hearing about people that are crazy enough to actually do it, especially with today's technology. So I wanna know that he didn't rob the banks in the actual costume that he wore to the games though, right? He, he I don't think so. No. Okay, okay. Okay. Just the fact that he, he robbed multiple games, multiple banks in, in, in general. He's, he's a Chief Super fan. I mean, I think that's a fascinating documentary somebody needs to do. He's going for 17 years now, who's next in line as his number one Chiefs fan?


That's what I wanna know. That's what I know where all the money go. That's what, that's also What I know. You probably spent it, Spent it on what Normally when people steal, they spend it. You know, you notice when people e bele things, they have like five cars. They buying jewelry, they're going on trips, they're doing things for the prayer ain't know what, so you be to tell you gonna rob a bank and you saving it for your retirement. I mean, I I I think normally when it comes to people that are, are, are avid, avid like football fans and, and enthusiastic connoisseurs of the game of football. I don't, for some reason, I have a feeling he's not the flashy type that goes out buying, you know, new new Ford.


F 50, 2500 F-150 doesn't seem like the f Oh yeah. I don't, I don't know nothing about no trucks. I'm sorry. He just seemed like a, a, a simple guy that just, they got A 6 50, 6 50 I, he got got seven 50. Now think, I think he enjoyed the thrill and the drilling and rush of doing something like robbing a bank like Jump outta airplane. That'll give you a thriller's thrill ride a roller coaster's. That's the stuff that won't get your ass locked up for a long period Of time. Right, right, right. Like some people, some people have a weird ick like that, like stuff that you know you're not supposed to be doing. You try to do it anyway. And it, when you get away from it, when you get away with it once, it gives you such a high, okay, you know what, I'm gonna try this again.


And it's, it's weird. Like some people are weird. I'm I'm just, I'm just throwing that out there. Yeah, no. You know,


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week. But I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Klaban, Steve Weis, Nick Shook, Jordan r from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast,


Anything that might get me locked up that don't gimme me. No thrill. I like freedom. Oh, I, I I like, I like freedom too. I might be the only one, but I like freedom. I ain't tried to be to jail. I ain't tried to go to jail. Little. Yeah, yeah. Listen man, oh man, are we, listen we, we outside, but are we really free? And that's a whole nother conversation. Well You need to redefine what it means to be free. That's, that's a whole nother Conversation. What is, what is free, what is free to you? Freedom in general. Yeah. Yes. I free to me freedom in in general is being up, being able to get up and go as I please on my own free will and not having an answer to anybody.


But technically when I think about it, if you really like, take a deep dive into my personal situation, then I still have to do that. Even though I'm not incarcerated. If you, if you get where I'm going with this, you, you get what I'm saying. Yeah. So technically I'm really, I'm, I'm free, but I'm not, because I still have to answer to some of the things that I do. I signed up, I signed up for that. If, if you get where I'm going, it's not a bad thing. It's not a bad thing. But guess what? I don't, I hate comparing it to incarceration, but I'm just saying I'm calling a spade a spade. But you get to get up, you get to go, if you want to go get a some espresso, you can go get an espresso. Yeah, yeah. That's me. That's me. You wanna come, Hey, you want to come in? You wanna come in at, at leave the house at 7:00 AM and come back at fi at at noon or come back at six, you can do that Shit.


Plus, Plus you have financial freedom. Well that, yeah. That, That's the number, that's the number one freedom in a, in a society in which we live in. That's what people, that's what people thrive for. That's what financial freedom. Right. Independence. The need to not have to depend on someone else. Right. Yeah. Because man, listen, people just what every And we know this. Somebody know that you need them. They feel they can treat you any kinda way. Ugh. We've all been in relationships. Oh, they felt that. They were, they were the catch, they were the catch me out. They were the be's knees. Right.


They give you your butt to kiss you like, well damn. And sometimes women be in a relationship. They're like, well, why didn't you leave? I couldn't, I don't, I No, you have that ability Ocho. Yeah. And so that's, that's the, you just have to find what is freedom to you. Yeah. 'cause freedom means something different to everyone. Everybody If you ask them. And you know, the another thing I like that you just use that for better context. If you, if you lined up a hundred people, if you had, if you lined up a hundred people and you ask them with Freedom men, you get a hundred different answers. If you lined up a hundred men and you lined up a hundred women and you ask them, what's your definition of love? I think you'll get a hundred different answers from both sides.


Probably a hundred different answers. 'cause everyone has a different view on what love actually is. But I don't know, we all off topic and shit. That's all right. The Cowboys and Dax deal don't have a deal to keep him in at, with the franchise pass 2024. But according to Clarence Hill, there's an effort to get something done before Sundays open against the Browns. Progress has been made and the deal is closer than it's been. The length of the deal is not the sticking point in the negotiation as, as has been reported. They're on the same page in terms of lent. But the fact remains a deal has yet to be agreed upon. Yeah. Ocho how will this impact the Cowboys and Dak?


Well, mainly how does it impact Dak? Because Dak is going to impact the Cowboys. I, I think, I think for Dak, I think is a distraction. I think for, for, for, for Dak as a distraction. I saw some comments that Joe Burrow made where before his deal, it, it became a distraction for him as well, where he just wanted to focus on football. But the lingering contract situation, you know, not lingering over his head, but just that in, in its entirety where he just wanted to focus on the game of football and prepare for a season. Obviously it got done, I think, if I'm not mistaken, it was last year before the season started, and it's somewhat of a a, a weight off, a weight off your shoulders.


Now you can just focus. I think for Dak, it's, it's the same way. You could sense Dak Prescott's frustration not too long ago in the interview that he did, where he said he takes everything that Jerry Jones says, and I forgot, I forgot how he worded it the right way. I don't take it seriously. Hey, I, I, I don't take it seriously. And you know, for a quarterback to come out and say something like that, you can tell he is tired of the circus. He's tired of the mess. He's tired of his owner always in front of the camera and doing all the talking. Again, he's, Jerry Jones sat down with, with Stephen A. Smith, which was elite, elite, elite journalism on Stephen a's part because he left no stern on no stone unturned. He asked the tough questions that Jerry, Jerry had no choice but to answer.


And he answered them in his long ass dissertation. That was totally unnecessary. So unless you actually sat there and listened and were able to read it in between the lines. 'cause he messed up and said what the contract was. It's something five years that's coming up. If you, if you, if you listen to Jerry Close, he kind of told on himself. So I think it will get done. Just the fact that they took so long to get it done. It just, it just, to me it just makes no sense. Yeah. I mean, most of the contracts have been five years. You look at the guys two was four years plus the fifth year. Right. Player. The fifth year option. So that's five years. So basically the contracts are gonna be five years plus. That'll take Dak somewhere. What's Dak 20 29 30. Yeah. So it'll take him somewhere around his mid thirties.


And so, well, the thing is, if you ain't want nothing about your mid thirties, you done been there 13, 14 years, there's probably gonna be time for you to move on anyway. Yeah. I mean, and that, that's, that's what they would do. You, you know how owners, especially owners like Jerry will probably do like what they did with Romo. But unless there's someone that you have sitting behind you that you feel is the next in line that can take that throne, take that throne and, and be the next face of the Cowboys franchise at the quarterback position, Dak won't be going anywhere. Especially if at some point they find a success that we've all been waiting for since the nineties. Yeah. Hey, you know, honestly, can I, can I say something?


Yeah. Honestly, if I was Dak Yeah. And understanding what I know I can get, when I hit the open market, understanding that I've already made close to 160 million so far, I would play this contract out. No, you wouldn't. Understanding I had the leverage. What happens? You get hurt, you tear your knee. He's not gonna tear his knee. It's the quarterback Kurt cu now Kurt cousins got it. But Kurt wanted, Kurt wanted the deal. Right. But once they told him what was gonna happen, he was like, nah, I wanna go home. Right. And plus you have to understand everybody don't, everybody don't get treated the same now.


Ocho Yes, sir. Sir. You see, you keep thinking everybody get treated the same. What you mean by that? Everybody don't get treated the same. Ch y'all know what I'm talking about. Oh, okay. I see. I Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. But you have to understand the need and the want for people at the court up quarterback position is in, is in dire need. Many teams, many teams still are in limbo. Many teams are waiting. They've tried through the draft and failed. Oh, Joe, they, they, they tried to Do the crazy. If that's the case, If that's the case, you Jamar Chase just sold out then knowing what he can get on the open market, Man, come on, come on.


That's, that's apples and orange. That's two completely to, that's two completely, totally Different situation. You never ocho you never turned out life changing money. If you can get it today for maybe more money tomorrow. Hold on. Slow down man. Slow down. We talking about life changing money for a man that's already made 160 million. He's already how much money, Jerry? He's already made, he's already made 160 million. How much you think Jerry Jones has made? Oh, he bought the team for one 50. It's not valued at 10 billion. Jerry Jones wasn't a billionaire. Now he's valued at like, like 14 billion. Yes sir. You see, I'm just saying, just, I'm, I'm all the bullshit.


Dak has to deal with that. That's, that's all I'm saying. It just, it's just, it's just, it's turmoil. It's it is. It's turmoil. It's a circus. No, no disrespect. He's playing for a salesman. Probably the greatest salesman. Probably the greatest salesman of all time. I'm selling. I'm, I'm, and guess what I'm selling too? I'm pretending like I like to be here now. Gimme 300 million. We, we, we both selling some bogie. Yeah. Man, listen, I-I-I-I-I love, I love Dallas. I love the, the Cowboys fans. They dope. I love the Cowboys players. I love fucking dead fucking Bryant. I just, I love everything about them and just, I, I I wish a certain individual would take a back seat and let someone else He's not let Somebody else do.


That's wish, that's wishful thinking on your part, but it's not gonna happen on your Damn man. I, you know what? I love cd, I love cd lamb and I don't even eat lamb, but I I love CD lamb. I love that. I love, I love You don't like lamb chops, So you lemme take, come on, lemme take it. Here we go again. So you eat lamb? Yeah, I eat lamb chops. You don't eat lamb chops. Why would I eat lamb, man? What you mean? Why would you? It's protein, it's meat. Why would I eat lamb? The same reason. The same reason you eat Turkey. You eat chicken, you eat fish, you eat cow, you eat pig.


The same reason why. Listen, Mary had a little lamb. Yep. Whose fleece was white as snow. Yep. My name is Ocho and I Come from and everywhere. Everywhere where Mary went, the lamb was sure to go. Right. So why would you eat the lamb? But, but Mary went one day and I found it the lamb was with her. I got it so that, oh shoot.


Oh, check this out. The commanders have fired an employee one day after a video surface in which he made comments about the team's players and accused Jerry Jones of being a racist and called NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, a $50 million puppet, relle, et Washington VP of content the previous four years also criticized fans and called them mouth breathers. Call Them what? I dunno what that is. Anyway, the team Thursday confirmed the firing via spokesman, but had no further comment on the matter. Hey, you know, you think that's bad, unc, you think them firing the vice president for the commanders is mad because of what was said.


Let them goddamn emails leak. Let them damn emails link from that job stuff. If you think that's bad, but that ain't nothing that's mild. Oh, for sure. That's mild. If you wanna know how they really feel about us, let them goddamn emails leak. You know, he not saying he not sick man. Don't, well, don't, don't get me started. I The most part, hell, I know how most people feel. Okay. Okay. I don't need, I don't need to see their email to see it. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. I'm I'm just making sure. Listen, this, this, again, this, this is the business. This is the business. We are in the entertainment business. They, they are not our friends. They never will be. You know, so you, you, you, you expect things like this, you know, things like this are said.


Obviously I've been in the game. Maybe people are, maybe people on the outside don't realize it. These things like this are, this is what's said behind closed doors. Yeah, for sure. And it gets worse than this. I mean, all he, all he is doing is telling the truth. It just so happens somebody happened to be recording it and putting it out. Yeah. They set him up. I don't think. Yeah, Big time. Big time. But this lets me know that there's a opening now with the commanders that I could feel, Nah, Vi I could be vice president of content. Who's better at creating con you know what, Man, look Here. I could finally be a contact. I don't know, I don't know anybody that could hold a job. Right. That would've been able to keep their job. No matter how much of it is true after that.


You can't say That. That's impossible. Impossible. Yeah. It's impossible. Even, even if, even if you were in the highest position of power, you would at, you would have to step down. Yeah. You have to step down. You gotta get up outta there. So Yeah. Yeah. I'm not, I I don't think anybody's surprised that he got fired. No. Clearly he was speaking and didn't know he was being recorded or didn't think that it would get out. You know what? He could sue for that too. Huh? Whoever did the recording, whoever he, whoever, set him up because that, that was obviously a setup because the questions were asked for a reason to be able for him to be able to answer 'em so he could be set up in that manner. But don't you, you've been at this long enough, You should know that. I Know I have.


You should know that. I know when people are asking questions where they're trying to get me to go. I, but you have to understand, you have to think the person you were sitting with, you only answer those type of questions that somebody you're comfortable with. Yeah. That's a friend. That's a colleague or, or, or so you thought Yeah. That that's how, that's how they get to you. They always use somebody close to you. They always, they wait to you. They, they work their way into your life. Act like they your friend, love on you. Get what they need. Sound it sound familiar, huh? Like, like relationships. You right? Yeah. Huh? Come on now. It's what they do to you now in the beginning. Oh, it's always love until it's time. Until it's time to exit stage left. Then you see it.


Boy, don't get me started. Well, you know that, that look there all there are people out there like that Ocho. Yeah, exactly. They, they, they just are. Well, definitely. And you know, you, it is hard because, you know, you trust people and you don't wanna be cynical and you don't wanna be skeptical of everybody that comes into your life. Yeah. But they always What? Why you so guarded? Ah, For a reason. For a reason. Past trauma, past experiences. Yeah. Another word Ulterior. Is it ulterior motives. Ulterior. Yeah. Yeah. Ulterior motives. Come on, come on now. Named the person that got attacked by a dog that all of a sudden they was like, man, why you afraid of dog?


Well, he one bit me and almost snatched my arm off and got me a hundred stitches in my face. Come on. What do you mean? Why? Come on Now. There are situations that I've been in that I've been placed in, and I'm not saying it's you, but I don't know, I don't know that dog from anybody else. Yeah. So until I'm comfortable. Yeah. I'm going be on guard. Highly, highly suspicious. Well, you ain't gonna be well, well, I won't meet nobody because I said, because here's the thing, Ocho at this position that I'm in now Yeah. I can't fall and get back up. No. If I 20, Hold on. You can't fall and get back up. Boy. You might as well put me six feet under I fuck up again.


You hear me? But you Laughing. No sub. But that, that's, that's I, I, I like, I like and for, oh man, that's a great topic, man. Past experiences, trauma. Oh my goodness. Eventually. But, but, but it look and you just gotta, you know, you just gotta be careful. Ocho Yeah. There's some devils out there. Oh yeah. And, but here's the thing my grandpa used to say all the time, boy, if you give enough devil a ride, eventually he gonna drive. Oh Yeah, most definitely. Now you keep, now you, hey, you give enough devil rides, Ocho and I guarantee you sooner or later one of 'em gonna start driving.


Yeah. And the oh, oh, then what? Can't turn back That. See it. That's it. Bill Belichick has officially joined Insta Face. Oh. Instagram during the appears. Old Pat McAfee show Coach Belichick revealed, he has officially joined Insta Face. Pat, I really can't believe I'm doing this, but I joined Insta Face, coach Belichick said, Brady, welcome this former coach posting a video saying, all right guys, party's over. Bill's here. It was a good run, but we've gotta shut it down. Welcome coach. Hey, That's dope. Yeah, he definitely, the last mo before I thought was gonna be on. Yeah. Mo most, most definitely. I think I like it.


We get to see, well obviously I've seen it, I've seen it already. The rest of the world gets to see a different side of Bill Belichick and only the players get got saw. He has a side, he has a, he has a fun side, he has a personality side. He build I, yeah. Yeah. He, he is the same thing with Tom Brady. You, you, if people notice if you paid attention once Tom got out of New England and got to Tampa, you saw the content creator Tom Brady, you saw the personality content, I mean personality of Tom Brady. Yeah. You gotta you gotta see a different side. And he's been able to open up and be himself a little bit more as opposed to when he was there. Now that Bill is gone. Now Bill is letting himself open up a little bit more to the era that we're in now.


The social media era that you, you just wouldn't think Bill would ever, ever do, ever, ever, ever do. Especially if he was coaching. No Coach, coach Belichick got one of the more young ones, so, you know what I'm saying? They'd be on that ground. He do What you mean? He do. Man, you know Kobe Belichick got him one of them more young ones. I didn't know that. What the last time, last last thing I remember he was with me. How you think he got off the ground? Hey Bill. Cool man, bill. Cool. Yeah. I I think the thing is, I haven't been around him a whole bunch. I think I was around him at the, the Pro Bowl one year. Yeah. And yeah, he is, he's a totally different person.


When he's not in that mode, when it's not the regular season, when he is not coaching and he's in a relaxed type of an atmosphere, he gonna be at the bar. He'll have some drinks with you and he'll open up. Yeah. You know, Peyton is the same way Peyton gave you little glimpses, but Peyton is, oh man, you talking about like, down down, I mean that's why he was always voted the most guy you, you wanna have a beer with. Oh yeah. Because he go get to the bar, he go have a beer and he go talk and he's, he's a great, he's a great guy. I haven't spent a, a whole lot of time around Tom, but everything that I've heard about him and the little bit dealings that I've had, he's always great. Yeah. He's always been great. But, you know, those guys have to be guarded.


I mean, they don't let their guard down. No. Around a whole lot of people now, if they let their guard, they really trust you. You get one of those guys and they like, comfortable enough to let their guard down. Yeah. They, they, they f with you hard. And The fun, the funny thing about it, the people that they let their guards down, the people who've been around since day one is this, most of the time, if they're day one, their circle, their friends, people that they've known for eons of years, and you know that that's, that's the safest place, especially for where they are in life. So Coach Belichick is now on Instagram.


Y'all go follow Bill man, The Volume.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.