
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use, protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at The Home Depot. To organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic, visit home depot.com. How doers Get more done.


The Volume


NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player to score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario, won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


So the team that the Kansas City Chiefs will face in the Super Bowl are the Philadelphia Eagles. Yeah. And they crushed the Washington Commanders 55 to 23 setting a new record for the most points scored in an NFC championship game. It's the fifth time the Eagles have made the Super Bowl. Yeah. And their second appearance in the last three years, the only tri tri came in 2017. Hey Saquon 18 Rush Yard tell So touchdown. Lemme tell you how I knew Saquon meant business when they ran the ball on the first drive and the safety came down, hold on the back of the back of mood, out the egg gap of something. I'm like, how you getting washed?


How you getting washed like that? Saquon bounces outside then the safety coming downhill. He arm tackling, he arm tackling. I'm like, what whatcha doing? He ran right through that sword and his lineman came to celebrate and he looked at his lineman and said, nah, we ain't doing none of that. Ain't none of that. Just shake my hand and went to the sideline. I say, man, you know what, boy, the game over. Right? The game is over. The game is over based on he really meant business about Oh yeah, he he really meant business today. I'm coming here with one sole purpose. Oh Joe, I'm finna run the ball straight that night though.


And he set the tone right off jump. Now the Commanders has some opportunities to play some good ball, but you four turnovers, all of them, they score off. Got points on all of them. Can't Win that. You can't win like that. You, you, you just can't. There there's nothing you can do. Jayden Daniels as good as he's been all season long. Phenomenal player. He's been great in a game like that. In order to have a chance you can't turn the ball over special teams. It hurts you. Yeah, because they score a touchdown against That's what they kick it off to you and get right back to 'em and To get another one, they puts the pressure and to put the onus on the offense.


And Jane Daniels, now you gotta play perfect damn near perfect football. You gotta play damn near perfect football and it makes it impossible we to do So. You can't beat yourself. You can't beat yourself. And that's exactly, that's exactly what the commander did. No, no, because He gonna be hard enough to beat them. Yeah. I mean, careless turnoff mean you get the ball punched out, you run into the back of the guy and the ball comes out and you know Yeah, Eckler gets the ball, he gets up and boom punches it out. He gets it punched out and then Jayden threw a a pick late in the ball. Gave him the end zone. Yeah. Michael made a great intercept.


What's his name? Ojo Kon. Keon. Oh, Mitchell. Yeah. He makes a great interception on that play. But when you turn the ball over against a team like this in their building and they're firing pretty much on all ceilings because you look at, you look at Jalen Hertz 20 or 26, 2 46 a touchdown. Didn't put the ball in harm's way. They ran the ball. 36. You know what, for 2 29, you know what, you see the difference. You see the difference? Hey Baltimore, hey Baltimore, at some point in time, Todd Monkey, y'all gonna learn y'all lesson. You see what they do? You see what they do. Even when he getting hit in the backfield, You what They Do.


You know what I like about today? I like the fact that they ran the ball. Right. And even I've been arguing about, you know, the passing game. Jalen, hers, get the ball to AJ Brown. You know, just give him a shot. Even when you see one on one, you know, anticipate, if you see one on one or you see the safety in the middle of the field, you don't have to hold the ball away from him to get open. Even if he's even That's AJ Brown. You trust him. You know, you throw the ball up to him. That ain't, that ain't 50 50 with Young Bull. That ain't 50 with him. 50 50 with him. That's 70 20. He coming down with that nine times outta 10, nine times out. So the First time there, there, there was a blist that came and he held the ball waiting to see if he was gonna beat Latimore.


It didn't work. They punted the ball. They got the ball back. The very next series is fourth and five. Fourth and five On fourth down. I saw the play. That might have been Jaylen's Best Throw. That might've been fourth. One of his best throws of the year. Ocho perfect In the bucket. He can't, can't throw it in the Battle. Go. You give somebody like that, you give somebody like that a chance. Just give him a chance. Put the ball in the vicinity, put it in the area. He gonna come down with it nine times outta 10. Yeah. Yes sir. One of the Cross throws. He dropping down the gym. The game Was brilliant. It was, it was brilliant on both sides of the ball. Special teams. Jalen played well. Quan did what Sequan was going to do. He set the goddamn tone at the beginning of the game, set the tone at the beginning of the game.


I I knew what time It was. Absolutely. And now, now it, and because he did that, now I'm cover you because I gotta get down. I can't guard this guy with a light box. Oh, I Got a question for you. I got a question for you. I can't, I can't, I can't stop it. Listen, spas loves to play too. Shell what? That spas rarely has somebody down in the box. So what's gonna happen? Yeah. Are we gonna, are we, are we gonna trust my, my, my front floor to get home? Have to the, the Chiefs have avoid done what the chiefs have done Or you take or you take. I mean, I don't think they have, they don't have, they don't have, they don't have any qualms with putting McDuffy on Brown and then playing Kobe everywhere else. They don't, they don't mean they won't bat out.


Right, right, Right, right, Right. They won't bat him out with that matchup. But the thing is, is that the tight ends can give Kansas City problems and they got a good one in Garter gotter now Cal Ra. Right. He's more of a blocker. But he can, he can make some plays. He can, they don't throw him the ball much. He's more of a blocker. The the receiver guy is Dallas Garter. I mean, what, what if, what if, what if And was he there? Was he there? Was he the one that threw, who threw the touchdown pass to Nick fo on Philly special? It wasn't Godard though, was it? I don't think Godard Be, Hey, how do you, how do you, how do you count? How do you count? How do you counter that if, if you was fags, do you go small?


Hell can I, can I go nickel? Can I, can I go nickel and put It? No. Huh? No, they'll run you off the field To my on, on, on, on. They'll Run you off the field. Trey Burton. Okay. I mean the counter, the counter the count. No, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't play, you can't play them nickel because they'll run you off the field. Ocho, they ain't got no problem running the football. Now see, sometimes teams get carried. Well, I got a quarterback. I'm paying $50 million. I need to throw, I need to show you how value it is. That's not what the Eagles do. Yeah. Eagles ran the ball 36 times today. 36 for 2 29. I, I would love, I would love to see the Chiefs. I don't know, I I don't know how the chiefs stack chiefs stack up against the run.


I, I would love, I would love to see those numbers That they put you at a situation no to where you really can't run the football because you play catch up. So that's the, that's that's their run defense is to try to make you catch up. Now the question is Yeah, can it 'cause Philly, Philly likes to play too. Shell because they beat up front forward. Hey, he is real deal. Zack Broun is playing out of his mind. The Real deal He played out of, of his mind. And that front four that they got led by Ja matter, Speaking of LeBron. You know what, when you got Jalen Carter and you got what's what's Young Bull? What's your young bull name? No, number 90. Number 90. You got em? Two boys. Oh, Nolan Smith.


Jordan Davis. You got them two young Bulls in front Of you. Oh. Jordan Davis. Man, Listen. Well, them things part they them things part to see, like Moses, if you got any bit of talent at, at, at that middle back. Yeah Man, the show is yours. Yeah. They got, they're they're, they're real. They're real. They're, they, they, they're formidable. Say I bet up man, if I, if Sequ is like, hold on. Hey Nick on these touchdowns, when y'all start running that touch, push man, let me get these tubs. Yeah. I be what you call her? Got three of them, got two of his touchdowns, five Touchdowns, Sequ have five tubs.


Hey, you know, That's what I be like, I be trying to get history. Come on that man. Get out that choice Push. I'm, I'm, I'm not for, I'm not for going against coaches' wishes, but at times like that I wish Jalen had a little bit more Yeah. Power or, or call of the offense. Like, you know, I man you, I paid you not paid, I paid. Manon would be, they say Let let have thing off. Say nah, I'm not doing that. And he'll do his own thing. Yeah. And it always worked. I wouldn't genuine would do that. So in situations like that, when, you know Saquon has the opportunity to make history, I would change the play to some type of dive or, or just something direct where he can get those touchdowns as opposed to the to push.


Because on that, on, on one of that run, man I saw him, I was like, yeah, we down Seon you gonna regret going down at the one yard line because they about to go. Yep. They about to get his ball. They about to get his ball to hurt. Yeah. And he about the power with way the end zone ocho with his ninth rush TD hurts pass Steve Young for the most. Right. All time rushing touchdowns by a quarterback in NFL history after street three straight encroachment penalties on Washington's trying to stop the touch push. Guess what happened? The officials said if you continue this, we can't award points. Right. Because as ocho, what you gonna do?


Put the ball in the end zone. Your fish will say yep, you jump up size one more time. That's exactly what we gonna do. We gonna put the ball in the end zone because be only going to half a yard though, Joe. Every time. Yeah. They stopped him, they stopped him once and they felt good because I think it was low that went over the top. Josh, Josh Allen. Yeah. Kind of like what they did with, with with Josh Allen. They went, they went over the top and stopped. It's like, okay. And that was a rule I didn't even know. I didn't even know it was a rule. I I've never heard of that. That they could, they could have warn points. I ain't been, I Hey listen, I haven't been that. I never heard of it either. That Situation happen ever before.


But you look at the, this was almost the perfect storm for the Eagles. Jalen hurt, extremely efficient. 20th 26, 2 46, 1 touchdowns no turnovers, Saquon 15 rushes 118 yards, three touchdowns long as 66, as long as 60 Will Shipley comes in, has a 57 yard tuck to the house, four for seven. Seven. Jayla Hurtz 10 or 16. He had a nine yard run. Yeah, but he did a great job. Yeah. His thing is protect the football. They can't Washington's the Commanders. You see the difference Commanders Now last week you guys got the turnovers, y'all dropped 45 5, they dropped, they dropped 55 this week. Y all give up the four turnovers, you get 55 dropped on you.


There's a direct correlation. The more you turn it over the, the, you decrease your chances of winning and you increase At all the, in the playoffs chances Of winning. Look At all the teams in the playoffs that turn the ball over. Huh? You know? Yeah. Everybody going home, the proof is in the pudding. You know, they going home. The proof is in the pudding. I got a question for you. It's, but it's, I'm I I don't mean, I don't mean to put you on the spot like this. Yes. Yeah. I wanna know who you going with, Who I'm going with Right now. Yeah, I know. It's tough. It's tough. Chad, you going with Chad? Man? I know we got a lot of, I know we got a lot of it's there. I think the thing for me, I thought from about Yes sir Ocho, to be honest, I thought from about week eight or nine Yeah.


I thought the Eagles were the best, was playing the best football. They were the best team. And I said it and I kept repeating it. If the Eagles faced right, the lions, I'm taking the Eagles because of their defense and Yeah. Jerry Golf sometimes know you turns The ball over you get, And if you turn the ball over and, and, and it's gonna be the same thing. If you go back and look at it, the game that the Philly played a couple years ago against the Eagles, I mean the, against the chiefs, it was that turnover, that scooping score that hurts, you know, got the ball in in, in, in Kansas City. Yeah. Got their footing and they go on and and win the ball game. They get, they get, they come out the second half and, and and and dominate.


And the next thing you know, they're, they're winning their second and they come back this last year and the beat, the 49 ERs for their third. But when you, when you running, when you 20 of no, 20 of 28. Excuse me, I said 20 of 26. Yeah. Excuse me. 20 of 28, 2 46 ocho and you get 36 of tails for 2 29. You are extremely balanced because think about it, you had damn near many. Yeah. Because when you take the side yards OCHO, they had 230 yards passing. They had two 20 yards rushing. They had 28 pass attempts, they had 36 rush attempts. How many rush attempts did Buffalo? I mean Baltimore had last week.


Yeah. Because you talk about a team that can run the ball just as good. Yeah. You talking about a team that can run the ball just as good. Lamar Jackson can throw the ball just as good. Yep. Tight is just as good. I think, I think the Eagle's defense is a little better. That's me personally. How many pass attempts they had? 30. How many rush rush tails did what you call 'em have? No, how many did, did Derrick Henry 16 for 80 yard?


See he had 16. He averaging five yards of carry. But you only give him 16. He shoulda had 35 himself double Quarter. That was, they went away from the run. Second. Yeah. They went away from the run Second Running it down here and Third Quarter went straight down the feeling sc And got back on it. Yeah. This got, this game got outta hand early. 14 three the first quarter and then they get 12, then they get 13. 13 a second. So you going in to half Ocho, you're down 27 to 27 15. Right. Like, okay, we get a play, we right back in the game, turn the ball over, boom. Yeah. And then got our score.


21. Nothing in the fourth Eagle. Eagle. Eagles are, they're home. They're feeling good. They got them turn over and they just like, you know what, let's go ahead and step on the gas. Let's go ahead and just end this thing. We don't need to, we don't need to have any further discussions about what could possibly happen or we had it why you had the momentum. Yeah. And that's what you do. You see what happens when you get to Momentum Ocho and, And listen Don, You step on the gas, Don't get conservative. Go ahead. Most of the time what we tend to see is we see the play call and become conservative trying to make sure we don't wanna lose the game and allows the other teams to get back in the game. And it causes the game to be closer than it should be or closer than it needs to be. You know?


But you, you, you, you kind of slick too. Now. You said a whole lot. You said a whole lot of nothing and didn't answer that question that I asked you. I said, who you who you What? We got a whole time. We don't gotta pick right now on your, think about how many shows we got, what we got Monday, we got Thursday. Well listen, we got, we got all them days. Listen, we got all them shows right. Because we want people to come watch. If we already pig, they gonna watch pick. Nah, we gonna make sure they watch because I, I'll give, I'll give 'em back Thursday we get a New Orleans. Okay. Yeah. And plus we got draftings. Okay. We got Draft Kings later in the show.


We got something coming. I Got it. Well, hey Chad. Who y'all got y'all? Chad? Who y'all got? We y'all got Eagles chief? We we just want, we just want it. If we get a type of game that we got against the Chiefs and Buffalo, we'll take that. Right. If we take the, if we get a game like we got last year Yeah. Or the year before with the Eagles. I'll take that. Right. I just don't want No, I don't want no 55, 23. I don't want no blowouts, Honestly based on, on. And so hopefully that's a thing of the player based To the two teams that we do have going into the Super Bowl. We not gonna get no blowout game like that because the turnover that the Commanders had, you not gonna get that from either side of the ball. Mahome ain't turn the ball over like that Jalen hurts. They're not even gonna allow, they're not even gonna put Jenna Hertz in a position. We can make those kind of turnovers and make those plays.


How do you make sure things are efficient for the Eagles and the Eagles have their best chance and opportunity to host that goddamn Lombardi trophy. Get that motherfucking ball to 26. Yes. Give it a 26. What is the answer that they going to have for that? What's the answer? All I need you to do, all I need y'all to do is man on man at the point of attack. Hold your man for one second until he goes by. Once Sayquan gets to the second level, man, listen man, two things gonna happen. Either he gonna make the tackle or he gonna hit his head off the Gold Coast. Yeah. That's it. I'm, I'm just interested to see how they're going to the defense.


What SPACs is gonna employ Right. To try to slow, slow down Saquon. Because for me, I know what Saquon could do. Yeah. Her, I'm gonna make Hurst beat me. They'll have to beat me throwing the football. I'm gonna try to push him out the pocket. I don't want him to get comfortable throwing in the pocket. I wanna get him off, off rhythm. Right. I'm gonna make him make decisions and he, I'm gonna make him, he's gonna have to make the right decisions. That's the way I'm, I know what Saquon can do. Yeah. I've seen, I've I've seen his body of work this year. He's damn near 2,500 yards. I've seen it. I know. I, I know what he can do. So I don't need to get to the Super Bowl and say, oh, prove it, prove it to me again. Right.


In Super Bowl, hell, he might go for 200. Yeah. I don't want that to happen. Don't, Joe. I don't. So if jail, if, if, if, if, if Hertz throws the ball for, he's a fishing like he is, he has a couple of touchdowns. 'cause I'm gonna neutral. I want to, the thing is, you gotta neutralize, neutralize Saquon's big runs. Right. It's the big, if you notice OCHO it is a 60 yarder. It's a 70 yarder. Yeah. Sometimes he's getting multiple big runs. You gotta neutralize that. Yeah. So if he has 25 carries, 30 carries and he has 120 yards and as long as run is 10 yards, you live with that. Right. You ain't got no choice Ocho I can't give him a 78. I can't give him a 66 or 60.


I can't because now that team gets invigorated. The defense. Everybody's flying around off special teams. Yep. I I I'm not, I'm not gonna let that happen, Don, y'all. And, and The funny the funny thing about it, the funny thing about it is once Sequan gets gone, once he gets going it opens up every Fucking Absolutely. Yeah. It Opens up everything else. The playbook looks like Disneyland. If you are running the ball and doing what you wanna do When he's running the ball Now Kel Morris's play sheet looks like a cheesecake Cheesecake Factory menu. You know, they got that big old menu and they got about seven eight pages.


Seven eight page. They got 15. They got like, they got like oh 1500 different cheesecakes and they got like seven, 1700 different different Oh yeah. Chicken dishes and, and and, and another 300 pasta dishes. That's what the playbook look like, looks like. Yeah. When sa Saquon is running the football, because I can call whatever I want. Yep.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok and We've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast presented By Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Chiefs beat the bills. 32 29 Mahomes is now 4.0 against Josh Yell in the playoffs. The chiefs are on the cusp of a three piece something that no one thought was possible. And with this victory, Patrick Mahomes now has 17 postseason wins. Yeah. He breaks the tie with Joe Montana for the second most wins in all of all time. He's only trailing one. Tom Brady, who has 35 career playoff wins since Patrick Mahomes has become the starter. He came the starter his second year. Ocho Yeah. A FC championship game. They lost in overtime. Won the Super Bowl, lost the Super Bowl, lost in the A FC championship game, won the Super Bowl, won the Super Bowl back in the Super Bowl again.


Has there ever been a better start to a career in the history of the game? The only thing I can think is comparable. The only thing I could think is comparable is Magic Johnson. Oh, That's the only thing. Ocho. That's the only thing I me. Now look, I go back so I'm a little old, I'm a little older than you Ocho, but magic as a rookie, as a true rookie. Yeah. Won the title and was finals. MVP didn't go back the next year. They won it again. He was finals. MVP. They went back again. They got swept. They went back again in 84. They lost. Yeah. No, they lost to the rockets in 84. They went back again.


They won in 85. They lost in 86. They won 87 and 88. So the only thing I could think that could rival this off the top of my head and you know, as just threw this up here, the thing of Trivial and Chad, y'all feel free to Chime in if the better start to a career, magic is right there with him. Right. Because Magic has what, three finals? MVPs two record. He has three MVPs. But it would have to see, go back to there. But no joke Patrick Maol is sensation. I, I Don't, I don't, I don't know what else to say. I don't, I dunno what else to say about him. Unc, you say it all the time. Everybody says all the time when it comes to playing special in moments, when the game is on the line, when you absolutely need it.


If there's somebody in would want to put the ball in their hands at a crucial time in a game. Who else are you picking at the quarterback position out of everybody that's ever played outside of Tom Brady. You gotta go because my, I'm going with my, even I'm going with my home. Even with Brady. If I take him, if I take him at this point in time in their careers, I'm taking my homes because of one thing. His legs. Yeah. Yep. You see the, you see the two touchdown runs? Yes. You see the first down run. That's why I would take him because he can do everything Brady. He can make every throw, he can make plays outside the pocket. And that's not the look we know what Tom is. Right?


I still believe Tom is the goat. Yeah. Right now Ma Mahomes just passed. 'cause I had him tied with with Joe. Yeah. Right. Now I got him in second. Whoa. Whoa. I got a question now. Go ahead. Now we have to have a conversation chat. Y'all got, y'all got to stay with me real quick. Now we gotta have a conversation. When we talk about the goat, when we talk about the greatest quarterback of all time. If Mahomes is able to go to New Orleans, you hear me? If he's able to go yes to that Superdome and perhaps pull off a three P, we gotta have a conversation. We gonna have a conversation Ocho, but I don't think we can put him in front because he's still, even with if he were to win, he's still three behind. Okay. Now let's just say for the sake of argument, bad he goes back to the four peak.


It's done. We ain't talking no more. Right. Ain't nothing else to discuss. If Patrick Mahome, let's get to get past this, that you're gonna have that discussion because nobody else has ever done it right. Nobody's ever done a threepeat in the Super Bowl era. Has there been teams that win championships? Okay. Yes. But we're talking about the Super Bowl and when Hol Mahomes, because here's the thing. Oh sir. Yes sir. On third, on third and fourth, most teams are gonna run the ball burn 34 seconds. The clock 35, 36 seconds off the clock. That's not what Andy will do. We've seen Andy far too many times. Yeah. Put that ball in his hands. He said, son, I believe in you last year against the Baltimore Ravens. What did he do? He threw the ball to MBS 30 yards down the field.


Andy is not going to sit on it. O I'm gonna turn it back over to you. This Yes sir. I had a conversation with you last week. Talk to me. I said, Ocho, when spas feel threatened, what's he gonna do? He gonna blow it up. He did house coming when he felt threatened with Josh on fourth down and he felt threatened. What he do coming, hold On, listen. Listen's. The thing about it, listen, the thing about it, spas waited until the right time for an exotic bl They hadn't seen all game. Yep. All Game spas sat on that. Like, think about that. When you talk about playing chess and you talk about playing checkers, you ain't glitched like that to that magnitude the entire of the game. But you wait on the right moment to use that one exotic blitz and it got home Coming.


He gonna blow it up anytime he feels. If you go back and study fags, especially when he is been with Kansas City, that's sir. When you threaten him, you get in his territory and he feels the momentum. He's gonna come, he's gonna give you zero coverage, what we call bomb blitz. Yes sir. He's looking to blow it up. And that's exactly what he did. Yeah. Kincaid, I think he kinda lost it in the life. He misjudged it. Now this Is the, because Josh still, excuse me, excuse me, Chad, Josh still made a hell of a throw. Yeah. To throw it off his back foot. Give Carta credit because he didn't drive him into the ground. Right. He was close. He hit him. Let it go. Go. I ain't gonna get, I ain't gonna get no foul in this place. Ocho. You know, you know, you know kin k catch that ball. You know that. It, it, we, we talk about, we talk about something talk totally different now.


Right. We pro because we're now they might get a touchdown, but I'm not banging against because you messing around to get a touchdown and you leave 35, 40 seconds on the clock and they got two timeouts. I ain't betting against the whole Yeah, absolutely. Listen, we seen him do it before we seen, I ain't Betting against, we seen, we saw getting the field goal range with 13 seconds. Yeah. Josh is probably thinking, what the hell do I gotta do? Yeah. To beat this man. Yeah. It's crazy. What happened, what was that last year? What happened last year? Is that somebody beat him and Oh, Kansas City with the buffalo and beat him. He like, damn, I just can't beating this man in the postseason I wanted home field. I got it.


I he come to my house, kick my ass, I go to his house, he kick my ass. So can I go, I need to go to another conference and, and play on the Super Bowl and then maybe I just get to the Super Bowl like that. I see him in the Super Bowl. Listen, because he keep beating my tail before I get to the big day. Listen, Listen, we are, we are in for a treat. We are in for a treat. If you, if if you have, if you have A-A-A-F-C team, if you are a Bengals fan, a rapists fan, a Bills fan, or a cheese fan, and I'm trying to think what other teams might be in contention we going, this is gonna be for the next decade dunk. It's going Oh yeah. A joy to watch for the next decade. Those four quarterbacks go at it and see who ends up in the A FFC championship.


And, but they got, they got to knock the, they gotta knock the big man down. They gotta knock him down. You gotta knock down at Big Domino, You gotta knock him down. And they've done a great job. He's taken less money Ocho, he is supposed to be the first six. He is supposed to have got $60 million five years ago. Oh yeah. He said, nah, I'm good with this. He's supposed to have got 60, $70 million now listen. He said, nah, I'm good with this. He, he said, because I need cj. Yeah. I need y'all to have some money because McDuffy is gonna come up and I'm gonna need y'all to pay him. But I'm also need y'all, if some of these wide, these free agents, wide receivers become available and we can get 'em on the low, I'm gonna need you to get them. And you see he's all, he's like, because at the end of the day he's gonna make way, he's gonna have enough money.


And Tom realize that. Yeah. Tom like, bro, see when you got that kind of money ocho, you get what they call acquisition. Right. So, hey bro, I got this big deal coming out for you. Hey, check this out. Don't nobody know about it for two 50. I'll let you get in, I'll give you a percentage. Right. I just read today that Jeff Bezos bought $250,000 worth of Google stock before it came available. Now that's about 3 million shares. Yeah. Go Google Google and see how many 3 million shares is when you got that kind of money you do that and people like, well damn how guys got that kinda money. Next thing you know, they was making 50 million had a hundred million and now they had 500. They had a billion mmda. Yeah. I ain't telling what somebody told you.


I Joe. And you know, you gotta think about it too. Also, people in the chat, you have to understand everybody's not as fortunate, everybody. No. In situations like that, most of the time, most quarterbacks when you in a situation, you don't have the revenue or the stream of revenue rate income off the field. No. So Tom Brady, Tom Brady was different. Tom Brady can take a home team discount, you know, And he had a wife. He got A wife that's making 40, 40, 30 $8 million a year. So it's different. Yeah. It, it offsets what you not getting from the team it up. Correct. Then you think about, you think about passing mahome sponsor sponsors, endorsements coming off the field. So the pay cut that you'll taking all the Andy Reed and the Hunts to build a team around you so that you can compete and be in contention year in and year out.


You making up for it anyway. Yeah. And, and, and the hunts have already said, don't worry about it. You never gonna have to worry about anything because guess what, after next year they gonna tear it, tear up Again. And you know what, you know what they gonna do? They gonna give you more upfront. They more Upfront. That's So it doesn't, so it doesn't hurt the cat and you gonna be all right. They, they, And you see him, the MLS team, he invested in that. I think he got a piece of the royals invested in that. Yeah. So when you have money, Ocho, if you have money and you a good person, you are not a jerk. People will want, Hey, check this out. Hey take you, Hey, we getting ready, getting ready to start a MLS team or we getting ready to buy this MLS team. Yeah. We'd love for you to go in with us.


We just want your name gonna cost your ex. Oh really? Call your financial people. See if it's real on the up and up. Yeah. Boom. There you go. That's how it happens. But I, I thought Josh played really well. He did. And Ocho I told you I don't need him to be Superman. The one thing he didn't do. See I thought the game was about to get outta hand until Patrick Mahomes former that ball and gave Buffalo light. Yeah. I thought that game was about to get outta hand. O Yes sir. Yes sir. I thought it was about to get out. I said, oh Lord have mercy. And then Buffalo give Buffalo credit. They made, 'cause they came out in the second half Ocho and I don't know if you agree with me or not. It seemed like they made a concerted effort to run the football. Yeah. That James Cook, Josh Allen.


I forget the, hold on, let me look up Davis. Davis. Davis Johnson. I thought they'd say, you know what, let's run the football. Oh yeah. They're playing the soft coverage. They trying to kind of try to play us with nickel. A 4, 2, 5, let's run the football. And they started running the football and Cook started having some success. Yes. Johnson had a had a, a run or two. But Kansas City, I, I, I mean I really don't know what you have to, what you say about Mahomes because every play that he made that he had to make, he found Juju about to get. He he slings it to Juju and Juju breaks away. Yep. Give Buffalo credit. Kept him outta the end zone on that one. But guys, I don't the listen coach, let's go in, let's go the elephant in the room. Okay. Come on. Talk To on that fourth down call, everybody said, well, he got it guys.


I'm trying to figure out, and I was, I was asking myself, how does the guy on the far side of the field with all those bodies right, says he's got it when the guy right here closest to him said no, no. Yeah, Yeah. Here's the thing, Ocho, he has the ball like this. Yeah. He, the ball is not over the line. Yeah, right. Just because your your shoulder is Yeah. It's where the ball is. Yeah. But this, the ball didn't break the Plane at all. He did. He didn't break the plane. And what and the, the, the smart thing you, you want do most people say why you don't extend the ball man, you extend the ball in them trenches like that. It's coming. You see former one of them you see former, he Got it back. But when he jumped over the pile, it can't go back to him.


Now you got lucky there. That's not it. Because here's the difference, Ocho and the gold line, once you break the plane, it's dead, dead in the field of play. It's alive. It's still alive. You go over and they punch that ball out and they get it. That's their ball. So there's a big difference between the two, between the gold line and the line. That's in the line of play. That's in field. The line of scrimmage. Yeah. But I didn't think he got it. And when they, and when I looked at it in real time, I said he didn't get it. Yeah, He didn't. But obviously he didn't. People people will argue the call talk about his Yeah. But where the ball is, it's, it's with you have to ball tuck to your chest and you not pass a line. If anything, you would have to extend it for you to get the first down.


Yes. You can't, you can't do that in that scenario in the trenches like that, in that scrum. You just can't. He didn't, he didn't want to. He, the thing is Ocho, he didn't wanna fall. No, no, no, no. So he had the ball, he held it tight. 'cause he know guys go. And so in the process of holding it tight now I got, they got you wrapped up. So now you can extend it Ocho. 'cause I got my arms around you and I won't let you do this. Right. And What you wanna rely on, you wanna, you wanna, you wanna rely on your teammates and your offensive players to kind of push you forward. Yes. Obviously the momentum was stopped and the chiefs wasn't. They got it stopped. Yeah. They, They, they wasn't having it. And I was That was a good game though man. That was a good game. Worthy. Worthy showed he got better and better as the year progressed.


Yep. Filling in for Rashid Rice. Hollywood Brown was gone. Hollywood came back, had a couple of big catches today. Juju came in, had two catches. He only had three targets. He had another one. Mahomes overshot him in the middle of the field and he jumped, he overshot him. Mahomes overthrow it escape. But Hollywood had a big catch. Kelsey was very relatively quiet. They did a great job. I wanted, they probably, they probably didn't think I thought Hamlin held. I mean looking at the all 22 at the high above. Right. I thought Hamlin held him several times. Oh yeah. They didn't call it. Yeah. I mean he, what they with the rest did allow 'em Do they allowed 'em to play football? They did. They allowed 'em to play a little bit today.


You muted Ocho. Yeah, you muted. Well, OCHO was muted. Boy, this was a good game I think. Look, I understand that Buffalo, if you're you, you're a Buffalo fan and you didn't win, I could understand you're disappointed. Hello. But you can't Yep. You back. Ocho, Go ahead. Yeah, I, I did. I I was switching. I I wanted to switch. I wanna switch to the mic so I could use the mic because I'm tired of hearing the damn echo. No, I was saying if, well, as far as the holding calls are gone now. What I did like about the rest, the rest allowed 'em to play football. We gonna allow you to play football. You should Now the holding calls or the, the, the pass interference calls.


Now they did call if it was egregious and you were impeding the player from getting to a spot and they should have you, you, you, you gotta call some of those. Yeah. You got to, you shoulda. Yeah. The one on McDuffy. Yeah. It was a it was a a Pi. Yeah, but that you can't ma Josh Allen couldn't throw that ball any down. No, no, no. Duff couldn't have any better. The Touchdown. You won the Mac Hollins. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That was nice. That was nice. Oh, Holly stuck his hand up because what's basically what you call him had his other arm. Oh yeah. He stuck it up. The ball said po That was perfect. That was good. That was a good catch. That was a very good catch. A great catch. What to have 147 rush yards average. Basically almost four and a half yards of carry.


The one thing about Kansas City Yes sir. See Kansas City ocho. I thought they let the game get kind of, almost get away from 'em. They they started running it on first down. Well, what happens when you don't run on, when you run on first down and you don't get positive yards. Now it's second and long. Yeah. Now you or second. And, and they got a cup. They got trapped, trapped behind the line a couple times. So now it's, it's second and long now Buffalo dials the blis up on you. Yeah. Now they trap you. Now it's third and long. Right. They get a p you get a procedure penalty. Now it's even third and longer. No. Yeah. If you see what happened, they went back. They says Uhuh man, let's go back. Throw, throw it on first down. Because if you think about Ocho, they open the game. They throw it the first, the first blue they got this, the new formation.


You know, Andy won come. So you come out with a couple of plays Yeah. That you never seen it do before. But man, this was an unbelievable game. Yeah. I, I expected it to be what I got. I expected Buffalo to play tough. I expected Kansas City to win a very, very close game. Yeah. Because it come down to turnovers now. They got one. Yeah. And they turned it into points. Josh fumbled the ball, but he was able to jump back right back On it. But you know what, man? Hey Yeah. I'm, I feel, I feel, you know, I don't wanna say feel bad. I, I don't wanna say feel sad, but for Buffalo fans, for Buffalo fans, if you, if you are a Bills fan, like you just, you have to be happy in a sense.


Obviously you do, you weren't able to make it to the Super Bowl, but every year you gonna have a chance. And if you keep chopping wood, at some point, at some point you gotta beat the man and you're probably going to beat the man. This just hadn't been you, you continue to get close, closer and closer and closer and at some point it's gonna happen. I don't know when with the way, with the way the Chiefs are playing with the way Mahomes is playing. I don't know when that will happen. And Andy ain't going nowhere. Yeah. Andy, Andy's rejuvenate. Andy is invigorated because they keep Andy young. Right. Look, I I know Andy was, Andy was in, in in Green Bay with my brother. And so I, I know Ray and my brother, thanks the world of him. He used to go to the, the Pro Bowl and his wife would come to the bar and sit down and have a drink with us and laugh and talk.


They're great people. But this situation right here, at some point in time we're gonna start mentioning Andy as a top three, four, all time coach of all time. All time. Yeah. All time. Mm, all time. Yeah. You look at what he did in Philly. Yeah. You look at what he doing now. Now there's a chance in the next two years and he can have 300 regular season wins. Ooh. Mm. Yes. Three tops. And, and and and how old is Andy? 66. I think he's 66. 67. 66. That's it.


He got a hold on. If Pete carer take his ass whole As at 74. Yeah. Yeah. You right. You right, you right. Andy guess what Ocho he got Mahomes for another decade. Yeah. At men. At Men. If he wanted right now, I'm not saying he's gonna be, he's gonna coach Mahome for the next decade but I'm saying he got it. Yeah. If he want it. Gotcha. So what's the likelihood of Mahome not winning at least 10 games? They got 17 games. I don't see a scenario where Mahome dips under team. Nah, I can see he's gonna win somewhere between 11 and 14 games a year for the foreseeable future. Now this thing about this notion and see this is why you gotta capture the moment you believe Josh, you believe Lamar gonna keep knocking on that door and he going to get there.


Oh yeah. So if he gets there, that means guess what Josh? And not right. You say Joe Burrow. Yeah. You believe he go, that means Lamar and Josh is not gonna get there. Right. So at some point in time you could only have one and you got Mahomes, you got Lamar, you got Joe Bur Yeah you got Josh Allen. Now those are your four big guns. Those are the four horsemen of the afc. Yes sir. Now you got some guys that's on, on on the, the peripheral. You got a Justin Herbert I believe they'll be better. John Har J Jim Harbaugh in his first year got them to the playoffs. He's right there. Bo Nicks is right there. So you got so, but you got the four Hor, you got the four Kings, the four horsemen in the A LC Mahome boy, Lamar Burrow and Josh Allen and you they're and and inherit the thing that you got Ocho at some point in time you not gonna be able to dodge 'em off.


You are gonna have to knock one of them off in order to get to where you want to go. You're not gonna be lucky and have somebody else. Well man, somebody knocked out Mahome and then somebody knocked out Burl and then somebody knocked out Allen and then somebody knocked out this one and somebody knocked and you got smooth say Uhuh. Right Uhuh, you are gonna have to see one of those four horsemen.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back With a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA, player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok, And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view, and I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the N NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott to a Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Cowboys have officially hired Brian Schottenheimer, who was their offensive coordinator last year. Jerry made the move and he was comfortable. Now mind you, now remember the, the, the reports that came out. Jerry really liked Dion and Steven really wanted Brian shot and he really, he really wanted a, Jerry really liked Coach Prime, but Steven who did he, they were really butt heads and I came over and said, O Joe, that's some smoke and Mirror. Everybody go over some blow jive. But it was just something to smokescreen, Hey, we talked to Coach Prime, that's our minority. A that's how one token boom we get on, we we go with that.


And the Cowboys, notably, they didn't interview any of the top candidates. The Ben Johnson, cliff Kingsburg couldn't talk because he was in the, he was going week to week. So you only had you, you could only talk if you were in high week. So Maggie Ola, Eric G, Aaron Glenn, none of the top candidates were interviewed by Harry Brian Heimer. Again, my only problem, ocho, I don't have a problem Chad. I don't want anybody to think that I have a problem with the hire, but don't give me this bull job. You want somebody that called plays Mike McCarthy called plays. Yeah.


See we want somebody with previous head coaching experience. We want somebody that called plays. Brian Heimer has never been a call head coach. He didn't call plays. That's neither here nor there. Oh, Joe, what do you think about that? Obviously Jerry wants to continue reign with power. He doesn't want to relinquish that power. He wants to be in control of everything. And he hired a coach that will fall in line with just that basically. And and brain. And brain. You know. What else on Joe? Not to cut you off. Bring Jason Whitner. Oh yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. So again, Jerry getting in the way again, doing things his way and the definition of insanity.


Chad, you stay, stay with me now. The definition of insanity is doing things over and over and over in the way you see fit and expecting different results. The results have been the same for years. For years. And you continuously do it. Jason Garrett, Michael McCarthy. Now Mr. Schottenheimer, nothing is going to change until you remove yourself and get out the way and allow people to do their job. Not too, not you trying to do multiple things at once. Chan Galey, Dave Campo, Wade Phillips, Jason Garrett, Mike McCarthy, not Brian Schottenheimer, all of them.


Nothing's changed. It is just different names, but nothing's changed. Any of any of the people that you just called, will any of them challenge Jerry when any of them my my my point exactly. And you let him feel your staff and you let him like, well, I want this guy to be on your defensive staff. I want this guy to be on your offensive staff. No coaches gonna keep it. No, no, no. They're not gonna do that. That's if it's one thing. Yes sir. Sir, I go to a company and I'm looking around, I'm gonna give them an opportunity. That don't mean I'm going to keep them right, but if I like what I hear, ill keep, but I'm not gonna let you tell me, well, you gotta keep this VP or you gotta keep this CFO or you gotta keep this co.


No, hell nah. That ain't happening. Yeah, Me. But this her another thing. Ocho. Now one other team attempted to interview Brian Heimer. No. Now all I wanna know is this. Look, I'm gonna get me somebody, somebody else won't because if I, if don't nobody else wanted. That's something you tried to tell me something I don't know. Well, you gotta think about it. Think about it now look at the elephant in the room now. The coaches that were available, we talk about good coaches and also the, that were also available that could have come to Dallas, that could have interviewed in Dallas. Wouldn't go for the shenanigans. You think Ben Johnson's gonnaa stand down. You finna tell Ben Johnson who we can bring on who can care?


Aaron Glenn, I mean obviously he wouldn't, he wouldn't get the job. But anyway, he think Aaron Glenn is gonna come to Dallas. You gonna tell Aaron Glenn what type of staff he can put together. But people believe he could work with Coach Belichick. Can you imagine him telling Coach Belichick, Hey, I want Jason Whitney to come on and he gonna be your coach. Waiting man, Man Belichick man Bella man Bella, take 10. That goddamn tear Jerry's world down. Absolutely not. You have to get out of your own way. You have to, you, you don't have a choice. He's been an offensive coordinator before. He's with the Jets for three years.


His highest point, his highest points per game. They were 13th. He called for St. Louis. The highest points per game was 21st. He also called in Seattle. His highest points per game was six. In 2018 he had two three top 10 offenses. As, as far as points, he average 28.7, 25.3, 26.8. And then that ended. And this was his first four way back as being a coordinator. Correct. Okay. So he's been a coordinator. He's been a coordinator for 11 years. Had some success orchestrated three top 10 offenses in Seattle.


None in the top 20 in St. Louis and none in the top 10. And at the jet he with the jet. But he wasn't the coordinator though, was it? He was. Okay. Okay. Okay. So he was with the he so he was there with, with Rex. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. So we know those, those offenses. Back then OCHO was running the football play behind the defense. It was more ground than pound. But his most success, it came in Seattle. He did have great success in Seattle with Russ sixth in 16 points per game. Ninth in points per game.


Eighth in points per game. That's a pretty good resume. Yeah, but we know why he got the job. It's because Jerry wants someone that he can control. Yeah, it's really that simple. There's no other, I'm not gonna make it a black white issue because I don't believe it's a black white issue. Right. It's a control issue. Yes sir. Jerry wants control. Jerry wants control because Jerry wants credit. None of the blame but the control because this thing fell apart. I can't believe this happened. I'm shocked if anybody No, you're not shocked. If anybody, you put this it together, you should be the least shocked that it fell apart. Right. But like you said, if, I mean you do what you've done, you get what you've always gotten.


It's hard for me to believe I can be in a scenario at some point in time. I'm going to change something if I do, if I get the same results for 30 years in my objective. But Jerry's a promoter. Jerry's not trying to win. Jerry's fool not fooling me. He might fool some of the fans in, in Dallas. And I think for the most part, they've even caught on Jerry's all about selling. Jerry looks at it like anytime they're talking about me, that's good enough. We don't need to talk, they don't need to talk about me winning championship. They don't need to talk about me being back. They're talking about me. So I'm in the news. That's good enough for him. Right. And I don't, I don't see it changing.


They bring back the same ca If you look at guys leave Dallas and play well look at now Neville Gallimore, he went to the Rams ball out. I'm just saying they make a train for a guy in Carolina Mean They give a fourth round draft pick and the guy had how many catch? He might have had four catches. The Rest io. Yeah, yeah. Obviously. Man, listen, I I I don't, I don't know what Jerry was, Jerry is doing. I, I can't question. I've been around football for a very long time, obviously not as long as you have and not as long as he has. He's an owner, he's a gm. Hell he's every goddamn thing. He just, his way always works.


And the fact that he wants credit is, is just beyond me. You know, when you can look at the landscape of the NFL with all the owners that consistently win all the other franchises where they win consistently, you know, the Packers, the Bills, the chiefs, the Steelers, I mean teams that have a, a rich history in winning, you know, in the past, Eagle going to the championship since he, he's probably going to the championship since he's, you Don't see any of the owners front and center making decisions, you know, pigeon holding head coaches, not allowing 'em to pick their staff people that they work well with. I mean all that, all that matters.


All that matters. And the fact that control and credit is what he wants is ridiculous. And, and more than the franchise Jerry has, Jerry has probably, let's just say for the sake of it, let's just be safe. He own 10 other businesses. How many of those businesses you think he hands on? Probably not. None because he doesn't know. Right. But yet he thinks he knows football, But he's been around football the longest. So he, he, he feels like he knows it. Okay. Yeah. I I've been around a plow. It doesn't make me attractive.


Hell you talking about just because you around something. Hey, as a matter of fact, Ocho, I'm sleeping in my garage tonight. That don't make me a call. Yeah, That's a good one. I got, I'm just trying to figure out what makes, what makes him think he knows just because you are around something. Hell ocho if somebody gonna give me all the, if somebody gonna give me the scouting report, I can read off what they wrote down. Right. You'll think Jerry going to the Senior Bowl and out there looking and Scott got his notepad like, okay, guy got great pad level, drops his hip, great transition, change of direction. Oh, he bends the edge really well. I like the way he button pressed. Yeah. He don't know he, I he not the hell no.


Not detailing sharp like that Odyssey. Hell no. But there are guys that do, What's the, what's the guy name that runs the Cowboys? Will Wil Clay. Will Clay, he knows, he writes the notes, gives them to Jerry and then Jerry and they have a little selection. Okay. Okay. And I, who do we think is gonna be available when we select at the time we select Right. They give 'em a list of names. Everybody have their thing. Well Jerry, this is what we need. Okay, Jerry, this is what we need, bro. Michael Parsons fell in your lap. You ain't do nothing.


Seedy fell the lap. Come on bro. That ain't nothing. They failed to you. They had an agreement. Devonte Smith, the Eagles wanted Devonte Smith. It's like, hey, we'll trade up. Just don't bother him. We'll let y'all trade. Okay, fine. Just don't select par or y'all not gonna select Parson. You gonna take Devante, right? Okay. Boom CD fill in the left. All the other receivers were gone. So who are they gonna pick? They did the receiver. Jetta was gone. Judy was gone. Royal Was gone. Waddle was gone. Wow. He really went without a limb and got cd. I need a receiver.


He the last one left. Oh no, my bad. I no. Yeah, because the Jalen er went before City. Yeah. Jalen er went er went to to Finny, right? Philly. Yes. So, so Ocho that ain't nothing if a guy just fall in your lap. No. You want impress me? Do what Kansas City did. Zoom up the draft board and go get somebody. That's what's impressive. That's what that lets me know. Okay. I they know what they're doing. You didn't do that. So IIII just don't get it.


Mingo has 17 catches for 167 yards all year. He had five catches for 64 yards when he arrived in Dallas. And he played eight games, played nine for Carolina, and they traded a fourth round pick for him. Right. Fourth or fifth traded a fourth round pick for that kind of production. He doesn't know what he's doing now. He may, yes, but there's no way he does it. It's it's not, you know, it's, it's almost, it's, it's, it's almost, Let's did, did, did, hold on Ocho, did Justin Jefferson go before or after cd?


He went to pick after. Yeah, he went 22nd. Oh, So you, So you went CD and Justin Jefferson went 22nd. Check the numbers out. Right. Look at the numbers between the two. But he know football, not that CD is a bad 'cause CD is a number one receiver. Yeah, absolutely. But I don't know very many people that's taking CD over Jenner. I mean, listen, Maybe Cowboy fans, but I'm talking about if you poll, if you poll GMs, you poll all 32 GMs and says, okay, you got Jetta or you got cd because right now people gonna take chasing Jetta.


They want to, both of those guys were unanimous. First team all pros. There wasn't a whole lot of unanimous first team, all Pros. But those two guys were, were two of them. And Jack been an all pro every year. Except what, last year he got Nick, he went over a thousand oh joint, missed like seven games. Can you imagine what his numbers would've been if He had, Ain't nobody close to him his first three years, his first four years, his first five years. Nobody's close to those numbers. Now with the season that Chase had, chase might have an opportunity to get him, but he's gonna probably need another 14, 1500, which is possible with his quarterback in that system. But Jerry don't know what he's doing, man. Yeah, and like I said, I don't got no problem with Brian Heimer.


I'm just saying this notion that he's scouring and he's trying to get the best man for the job. I don't believe he's doing that. Nah, I don't believe he's ever done that. Nah, since j he's not gonna get a Chad Cowboy fan. Jerry is not gonna give, get anybody that's gonna offer him some resistance. Brian, lemme tell you what, Brian Shotten doesn't have any say on the final 53 any say in free agency, any say in the draft. And all those are things that the head coach should have some type of say or hold over. Just basically almost like I, I guess what it, if they still have arranged marriages, hold on. I the one they gotta be with this lady.


Don't I need to know you trying to tell me what I want? I know what I want. Jerry is this is arranged marriage. Jerry is telling you, he's picking players, telling you what you need as opposed to what you want or what would best or, or what would fit best to the system. Now is them coming back. I mean, I had the, i as far as I know. See that's another thing. What if Brian Char Inheimer wanna hire his own DC Mm. Oh, that's, that's, that's crazy. I mean, listen, it's crazy the way things are run. Obviously Jerry has the power. We understand that he's going to exercise that right and that power at every turn and every chance he gets, every chance and every turn, turn he gets.


He's, he's killing his, he's killing his own franchise. He's killing his own team. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humid door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashland Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown And Mariah Rose, And we've got a new podcast, full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got You with analysis inside stories and a little bit of Tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.