
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code nightcap underage, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home at one address. rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the dream.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas v. Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greed teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with Jay Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage A war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer Beatles. Cinderella's advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only at draftings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up. Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice. Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweet details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the us and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test, a prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0. And if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if your 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test if you had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs in adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Wow. Wild. Wild. What a game. LeBron did not shoot the ball particularly well, but when it mattered most, he came up with the A last second tip in. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network Today. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite On Shannon Sharp. Number 85, Liberty City's all bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please, you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys. We thank you And I can't thank you enough because every time we come on, you guys show up for us. You watch our videos, you like our videos, you retweet 'em, you tell your friends, family, and loved ones about 'em And we greatly, greatly appreciate that. So hopefully you'll continue your loyal support for Nightcap featuring UNC and OCHO because we greatly, greatly appreciate you And we understand one thing and it's very, very simple. Without you, there can be no us. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock and thank you every city that was on the tour that we stopped in and had a bottle signing, we greatly, greatly appreciate you showing up for us. But if you can't find it, any city or a state near you, we will be there shortly.


But if we're not there now, reach out, order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. And please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restock. The link is pins at the top of the chat and supplies are limited. So please grab yours while supplies last because once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for the Not Safe for Work tour went on sale this morning. Our eight stops Friday, June 13th, Baltimore, Saturday, June 14th, Philly, Saturday, July 12th. Charlotte. Yeah. S July 19th, LA Friday, July 25th.


Miami, Saturday, July 26th. NYC, Friday, August 15th, Chicago and Detroit closes the show out. August 16th. Tickets can be found on she shea media.com/tour. We pin the link in the top of the chat. Our guest line up are looking insane. You guys don't wanna miss out on this one. Grab your tickets while you can. Hold on. Go ahead. I know you made, I know you're making an announcement, right? Yeah. As I know the fans wanna know and You know I'm nosy as hell. Y'all don't never tell me the lineup because I can't hold water. Right, right. Can I just get, can I get one guest name for Baltimore? Just, just one. I just want to get excited.


Yes, we've got TJ Hus Mazz at Tony Baker joining us LA later today in the show without the T, we just want you to put two answers on the energy we got TJ Hus Menza, former teammate of O Joes and Tony Baker, the very funny, very funny comedian and voiceover guy. Tony Baker joins us a little later in the show. But first go James, go James, go James. Yeah, he went, he for the first time, he entered a game in the fourth quarter where he hadn't scored a field goal. He had three points, if I'm not mistaken. I think he only had two points at the half. At the half. Yep. And he has a streak.


18 years. He scored at least 10 points in every game for the last 18 years. It's the longest consecutive streak of double digit games in NBA history. Yeah. And he kept the streak alive because he was sensational. I think he scored 12 points in the fourth quarter, but none bigger than the tip in at the buzzer to give them the win, the Lakers beat the Pacers one 20 to one 19. Lakers had a 17 point lead. Yeah, they squandered that again. Oh, Joey, it was the third quarter and what quarter? Huh? What quarter? Third. Third. Every time they gave up 37 points in the third quarter. Remember the other night they gave up 34 points in the third quarter? Yeah. And it looked like they all, they scored 60 little over 60 points in the, in the second half.


And that'll get you beat. Yeah. And the Lakers are gonna have to find out until it's important to them to take care of the basketball to play better defense. They're gonna gonna find themselves in these kinds of games because they allow teams to hang around because they turn the ball over when they can stretch a lead to 20, 22, 23. They turn the ball over in a couple of quick threes and now all of a sudden a 17 point game Yeah. Is down under 10. But yeah, when it mattered the most. And that's what good players, that's what great players do. They can play bad no matter the sport or hotel. Right. They can play bad for a particular period of time, but when they absolutely have to have it, they can dig down. Now a lot of times you And I both play the game of football sometimes, sir.


When things are not going our way, we'll allow it to creep. When our game creep creep into our minds, it'll affect our overall play. Yes sir. I thought he rebounded the ball extremely well. He had 13 rebounds. He led the electric and rebounds. He did a great job of facilitating, considering Luca is the primary ball handler now. Right. Let them assist with seven. But when he needed it, he dug down and into the fourth quarter, he got it going. He played half primarily had the ball in his hand while Luca was on the bench getting his wrist to start the fourth. He got his double digits and then he turned it back over to Luca. And Luca got hot again down the stretch. I think Luca ended up with 34 coins. Ar Officer Reeves had 24, but it was LeBron at the end of the ball game.


Yeah. That got the tip in at the buzzer. Because this would've been heartbreaking. This would've been a gut wrench and loss. Yeah. If they did, they lost this game. They, they, they would've looked, listen, they, they on the oh three, they were on the oh three ski, then the O oh three ski for one, like you said earlier, they can play in stretches in the game and get a lead. But because the lack of defense and always being fing beating, transition, being lazy, turning the ball over, they allow team to come back in team that they should be dominating. Yep. Obviously the game of basketball is about against is a game of runs. But still you're playing the Pacers. I'm not saying the Pacers are horribly sorry. But when it comes to the Lakers, if you're serious about not only making the playoffs or keeping the seed that you're in, this is a game that you're supposed to go in and dominate quarter by quarter.


But yet again in the third quarter after, after having the lead, they had, they almost squandered that. And then LeBron, they did the panther ended up taking the lead. Don't Joe, the Panther took the lead. And then Roy, I don't want to, I don't wanna butcher his last name. Roy. Ruy. Ruy. Ruy Hamo. Rap brother, brother Hamo. Ha Katana hit the two threes towards the end of the game and LeBron had to come through in a magical moment in the game. They should have lost, honestly. Yeah. Honestly, they should. They should've lost. Hey, he owe him that one LeBron owe him that they owe he don, he in the locker room saying, Hey, knowing LeBron. Yeah, he probably locker room guy like, Hey, that was a big win, but I owe y'all, yeah, I owe you for oh, for that first hand for the game.


Because I think what was he ended up four 12. Yeah. So he was three 11 for before that tip N ocho. So he ends up going fourth 12 and he's, he knows all seven from the three. He knows he didn't his overall game. But the thing is about a great player And you find other ways to impact the game. Look at his defensive rebounding. Look, I mean, look at his rebounding. Look at his assist his his assists. Let him in assist, let him in rebounds. But that's what great players do. They find ways to impact the game even though he wasn't scored. And a lot of times the score, when he's not scoring mojo, he's mo he pops and all of a sudden it impacts other areas of the game. Right. Can you impact the game when you are not doing what you normally do to impact the game?


Find whether other ways to influence the game, rebound the basketball. Can I facilitate, cannot I play defense? Right? Can I guard, draw, charge or things of that nature? And I was very happy to see LeBron and them pulling out had a lot going on today. Luca, in the month of March, 31.4 points a game eight and the HOF rebounds 8.6 is fifth, 43 point. So basically 44% from the three point line on 11 on a, on 11 field attempts per game on pace to be the youngest Laker to average 30 points in a single month since Kobe in 2003. Nah. Hey, I like the Laker chance, I love all the mantras, all the quotes of Lakers in five.


But I honestly think they need one more piece as as great as haka. They can as great as greatest as haka RU is playing. Yeah. They need, they they they need something else. Huh. Another, another score. LeBron has a off knife then Luca gives you what he does tonight. He was kind of off and on, but he still ended up with 34. But I think if they just had one more person to give him just a little bit more. I know Reeds is good. I know Ru can ru can score as well. They just need more. One more, one more piece of that puzzle. And I think they hope y well what they hoping for, what they were hoping for that Alex Lin could give them something. Now I don't know what they see from Alex Lynn since he been in the league And you don't like buddy man, but no, it is not about like or dislike ocho.


I mean I think the chatter would agree they've watched him at many different stops. I think he's been in Washington. I think he's been with the the sons. He's been different places. He's what he is. Yeah, he's what he is. Right. I don't care. You take a grizzly bear out of the forest, whether he in Alaska or he's in Canada or he's in Right. It does not matter. You take him outta bat And you put him in a different environment. He's still a grizzly bear. He grizzly. Okay. Yeah. His instincts does not go away. Right. Well another words, if he's sorry over here, what do you expect him to be over there? He, he that, I mean, it's not like he was good at one point in time on Joe.


And you say, You know what, hopefully he can summon that up again. But he has not been good at any stop. He's tall now I coach it is calling his name. It is what it's and and I'm just being factual. They're not anybody else out there that can help a mocho. And the problem is, is that when, when Jackson Hayes goes to the bench, they're a small team. Yes sir. Very small. They don't have another big baseball. LeBron gotta go to the five. LeBron has to go to the five. Or you bring in Dorian Finney Smith and he has to play the flat five. But there are very, very small team. Right. And that's the problem that you have because you're really not playing Jackson Hayes more than 25 minutes a night.


Right. And he's the guy. And the thing that I love about me, you, you love And you hate is that you don't run plays for Jackson Hayes. He's a lob guy. He gets it off the rim. He gives you a a second chance opportunities. But he's not a guy that you can run to the party and say, Hey, he gonna put a put his back to the basket, throw it to a hand. Right. And you gonna do something with That's not I what he is. That's not who he is right. Now. I got a question now. Yes. Now listen, You know, my, my my my knowledge of the game of basketball is a little limited. I'm getting better at it though. Now listen, if they gotta go small, if they gotta go small, shouldn't the Lakers that at times, depending on who it is, be be at, be at an advantage when it comes to, You know, playing small and having to transition up and down the court as opposed to, You know Yeah.


For the other team goes small. But what happens when they got yoic out there? What do you do there? Ah, and that's the problem. Okay, let's just say you played, you played Memphis, right? Memphis got Zach, Edie, who's 7 7 3. Yeah. So even though, huh huh? He said clogging up space. He, he, he, he he is not advantageous on offense at all or am I wrong? He gonna give you, he going give you extra possession because of rebounding. Okay. And without rebounding there are no rings without rebounding. Okay. And that's the, that's the problem that the lake is gonna have. Even when LeBron goes, LeBron has an off mat, you still have AR and Luca that can carry the load.


Right. If Luca's struggling, LeBron and AR can, stru can carry the load. If AR is struggling, Luca and LeBron can still carry the little, so look, you got three guys that can score. AR is giving you like 20 a night. LeBron has given you 25 Luka's giving you a 30. Right? Okay. That's fine. One of those guys struggling, the other guys can take, can take over, need a little bit better production consistently from the bench. Right. You got some good minutes tonight. But JJ ISS just gonna have to trust Dalton Connect. I think the thing is, is that he, he, he loses his weight sometime on the defensive end. And I being around JJ the little bit I had working with him at ESPN, he doesn't like that.


He likes students of the game. He likes smart, he likes smart guys. Smart guys you can win with. Even if they're not the most talented, supremely talented guys that aren't bad, that doesn't have basketball iq get your ass beat. Right. Right. And that frustrates JJ because JJ wasn't the most talented, although he was a a, a great player in college and a really good player in the NBA. He was very smart. Yeah. He knew where it was supposed to be when he was supposed to be there. Right. Boom. So he could play. He did. And listen, he did all the small things, right? Yes. Very detailed. Yes. Very disciplined. And when you're not, so, wait, what You lack athletic O Joe, you're not supremely athletic. You're not 6, 8, 6 9. You do anything right.


Or you don't have handles like a ky. Right. You're not quick. So what other way can I find a way to get on the court, stay on the court and not cost my team? Right? And you look at it, Ocho I think there's 10 games left And you look at three through eight, there's only four games difference. There's only four games difference. You know, basically you're three, four games back. Different nuggets have the same win loss record as the Lakers and they're in the three seed. Lakers are four, right? Memphis is five. All of them have 28 losses. And then you got the Clippers golden state with 31 losses, which are three games back And you got Minnesota Wow. At 32 losses at at, at a game back of them.


So four games separate three through eight and there's 10 games to go. Right. 10 games to row, excuse me, 10 games to go. So the rubber gotta beat the roll. Something gotta give. Yeah. What's what's, what's the high, what's the highest seed or what do you think is preferable for you as, as a Lincoln fan for them? I think the thing is that you wanna get some, well what, what would be easier for them? Best case scenario to be able to get outta the first round or you at least have a chance, get to the second round, have home court advantage. So you need to be, you need to be one through four to have home court advantage. Okay. They're not gonna get to one seed because KC is run away with that. Right. That, so the one seat is already etched in stone.


Now could they get the two seats? Yeah, that's a possibility. They got the, they got the rockets on the schedule. They need to close out this road game strong and then go home and close out that home. Home stand strong. Right. I could see them three or four. Right. Three or four. So that means if they, if everything remains the same, that means they get Memphis in the first round. Ooh. What you, what you, what you like about what you like, what you like about that massive seven game too? I, Hey, just stay away from OKC. We need to get some rhythm before, before we see OKC. We need some pressure out. Ain't no pressure in the first round. They need pressure. Hold on bro. So you're saying Memphis ain't no pressure?


No, not for the Lakers. I like, I like that match up against Memphis. Well, You know, You know who Memphis got over there? Yeah. Ja. Yeah. Yeah. I give you, I give you Jaga, give you a Luca who you taking. Okay. I give you John give you LeBron who you taking. Okay. Okay. No. All right. Now they got Jaron Jackson who's A-A-D-D-P-O-Y play candidate. Yeah. Who made the all star game bang. Yes sir. Has played well in the absence. John's nursing a hamstring or something, but he's been up and down now when he's been in. Yeah. Oh he's ja I mean he's the second pick in the Jeff. He's been an all star. So You know what he can do. I mean, nobody's surprised.


I mean, just to actually go to a game and watch him and to watch the way he elevate and the way he can contour his body. He's special. Yeah. He, he's a guy that, You know, I pay my good money to go see because that's what he is. I look, I base the guy only if I pay my money to come see him, ain't pay my money to come see you. I mean y give damn how many points you average, you're not interested. Jack got nothing to do with me. Jaw's interested. Yeah, very. 'cause he can finish above the rim. Got a nice little float game. Mid rain shot. He's gotten better to shooting the set three. But he's fun. He's fun to watch. Yeah. I like that matchup. Do I think they can beat anybody?


Yes. In seven games? Absolutely. Right. Because Luca and LeBron can both take over a game and give you 40. So those two guys. But the thing is, OCHO in the playoffs, your three best guys need to be really good. Two to three need to be great. Right? Damn near every single night. Now if I'm getting 80 points, 60 now if I'm getting 65 to 80 points for my big three, I'm gonna need the other, I'm gonna need the other six guys. Because you're not gonna go that deep playoff start. You might go nine as you go further, you, you reduce that. But I'm gonna need those other, other nine guys. If those three guys gimme eight, I'm gonna need those other guys to gimme 35.


Right. And they're gonna have to get a little bit more production from the bench. Gabe Vincent is shooting the ball a little better. Benny Smith is doing a little better, but they gotta make a decision. What are we gonna do with Don Connect? Because he can shoot the three, but he gets lost. He gets lost on defense and he gives up easy buckets. And I don't know what, what something is being lost in translation. O Joe, he's a liability. Well all of, look, Luke ain't playing no defense. Don all, all res bless his heart ain't play defense. LeBron can't sit in the chair no more. LeBron is mainly a help side defender, right? He does use his body really well, guys try to go around him, he'll body him up because that's a, that's, that's a big man to try to move, right? And so he slows him down like that.


But LeBron can't sit in the chair and no one, no one expects him to Ocho. He far right. What guy, You know, played defense at 40? Kobe didn't, Jordan, I'm talking about historically great players, right? Even Pipi, that Pipi that didn't play till he was 40. He couldn't slide no feet like he could when he was in his, in his prime. Right? We understand that because you And I talked about it the other night. The lateral quickness is what l lose you lose as Yeah, he starts to age. Oh yeah. So with that being said, Ocho, I I, I like the Lakers. I believe they could beat anybody in the Western conference. Yeah. It'll be a struggle. But OKC Oh, you see that five?


We still, we still, we still winning the five. Well you wanna hold up, go to the next Ash. Okay. Ocho Yo, I don't know if it was this morning or it wast yesterday. I'm thinking it this morning. What happened? LeBron went on the Pat McAfee show. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I saw that. He had a lot to say today. Yeah, he, he, that was, that was outta character him. I've never seen him in that setting before. And actually just talking freely like that. Yeah. So we're gonna get, we're gonna get to that in just a second while we wait for TJ to connect.


But the Lakers, I'm looking at the Clippers. I think the thing is, Ocho, you're trying to stay outta seven through 10 because you don't wanna play any more games than you have to. You won't rest. Right? And, and it won't start until the 7, 8, 9, 10 is determined who to play and who's gonna be seven? Who's going be eight to that determined. So you need rest. LeBron James is 40. He's been playing. He played what, 38, 39 minutes tonight. So he's going need rest. Look a any bumps and bruises, you wanna try to get those guys as healthy as you possibly can. Now, the best thing about the playoffs, you don't play every other, you don't play back to back, right? I mean, the first game you play and then you might have a couple of days off and then you get into the routine you play every other day.


Okay? You can live with that, but, but you try to get LeBron, LeBron's gonna need as much rest as he possibly can because he is 40. It's what? It's, and so once, once they determine who they're gonna, once they are, if they can secure one of these top six seeds, you avoid the playing, you get an opportunity to get a couple days of rest and then hey.


Right, for the Marvins fall, the game. Everybody loves a challenge, right? What if we challenged ourselves to grow our savings by the end of the year? If you stop for coffee every day on your way to work, why not put the same amount into your savings account When you open a chime checking account, you are one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees and fee free. Overdraft up to $200. Making progress has never been easier. And if you want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 with no mandatory fees or interest. Learn more@chime.com slash Nightcap. When my kids were in college, they seemed to be overdraft their account at least once a month. My daughter would overdraft her account. By the end of the day they would be embarrassed because they know how I felt about financial responsibilities. And the fees were ridiculous, but mostly because they were embarrassed. Join millions of CHIME members who are working on financial progress. Again, no monthly fees or maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, up to $500 of your pay before payday with no fees, no interest. And Chime offers 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open your account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like Progress Banking services and debit card provided by the Bank Corp. Bank NA or Stride Bank. NA members. FDIC Spot me Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits Apply. Fees apply at out-of-network ATMs. myPay eligibility requirements apply. Credit limits range. $20 to $500 a $2 fee applies to get funds instantly. Chime checking account required. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine N Hhl sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. Well Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All your renters out there hears something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LC equals housing lender license. Licensed in all 50 states N mls consumer access.org number 30 30


Oh he joined us. TT. Whats up T TJ ain't no better than I am that working at Technology. Hell t you talk. What'd you say? Can you hear us? Yeah. Yeah, I can hear y'all. I Oh no, you can hear us now. Don't pretend like you can hear us all along. No, I couldn't. I ain't know what the man, I ain't know what, gee, what's up? Go ahead. What's happening? What's that? Hey, I, hey look. Hey T look. I'm wo Hey I see you got your little ass back in that weight room. You need to get on the playing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's been up? You gotta get on that Shannon Shark playing shit. We love the motherfucking Hold on, hold on. Hey I, I'm on, I'm on the Shannon Shark playing. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.


Slide your boy one of the things, Hey, I got you. I got you. Hey listen, listen, you put it under the tongue, boy does one, did you hear me? Hey, slide your boy away. Let me, I got you. I got you. Got you. I got you. How did I, how did I get involved in this? How did I get involved with this? Hey, hey tj, lemme ask you this. When you first met Hooch, I mean who, when you first met Ocho, what was your impression of this dude? Man, so we, we met in college, right? Chad was just, he was just real chill. Real, real chill. Chad don't really talk no shit till, it's like the competition start other than that. Yeah, Chad chilling and then when the competition start, that's when all the shit.


So, You know, I thought Chad was hella quiet and then we went to practice. I said, oh shit, who was this? He was just a different guy. Fool, man. Straight up. Who is this fool? Exactly. Oh, them some good days man. Them some good days. Oh them some good days. TJ And I been knowing Chad since we was teenagers basically. Yeah. Darn that. That's crazy. How many tj, how many years has it been? Listen my man, I'm not a match. How years it chit. Chad, if you were teenager it'd be 28. Chad. That's damn near 30 years, bro. Yes. Golly boy. Hey, You know what's crazy though Chad.


I was just telling somebody this. No, we still look the same boy. God done blessed us when we was, Hey, hey, hey, You know, You know, You know what they say? The black of the juice is sweeter berry. Hey Chad, God bless me. Something like that. We gonna, God. God said that's my son. He hit us with that stick that, yeah he did. Yeah he did. Tj he bless you to keep your hair. He didn't bless Ocho with that. Oh wait, hey TJ, can you tell I can grow a full set of hair now Chad, he always had a bald head. He ain't never had no, he'll grow some hair here and there. He always had. Yeah. See, see, sporadic is sporadic. I know. I miss, as a matter of fact, TJ O your hair's kind of like my sex life. Sporadic.


Nah, sporadic. No, nah, don't, don't, don't do that. You know that ain't the truth. Now what? I ain't got no sparks. Don't you don't. You done cut me out of my deal. I can't, I can't get no sparks because he ordering them all. Hey, I got, hey, I got, I got about three boxes full Loja. Boy you, you always in la you come to LA you in And I holler at your boy. Hey, matter of fact, I'm, I'm gonna be in la I'm gonna be in LA on the 30th. But you gotta understand these are prescribed specifically for me based on the questions I had to ask before I ordered them. So they're prescribed to you now. I'm not sure if you would be able to use mine 'cause mine is like, it's like putting 93 in your car. You know me? Yeah. He got the high dance.


Yeah. Hey, hey listen. I know Chad. Chad. I know Chad. I know, I know. Yeah. You know I know. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all got my head hurting already. Hey tj, you think the Bengals resign? They resign. T we knew they were gonna re resign Chase. That was a no-brainer. You're talking about one of the top, the top three receivers in the league. And I'm not sure he's two or three. You make the case. It's easy to say he or Jetta based on the last three years they're one, one A one. Whatever the case you want to go. Are you surprised that the Bengals were able to get a deal done with with with t?


No, not at all. When who else earned it? Them two dudes earned it. When you go outside of trade Hendrickson, nobody else on the team has earned that money. We knew they was gonna pay Jamar. They, they always gonna pay a best receiver in the quarterback. They always going to do that. What shocked me t when he fired David Mota, he, he basically told the Bengals, I wanna stay in Cincinnati. Right. I fired my agent because I wanna stay here. Y'all gotta make that happen. He took a pay cut to stay in Cincinnati. Absolutely. He, he really did. And so no it didn't, it didn't surprise me. But shit, who else earned it? Nobody else on that team earned it outside of Trey Hendricks.


And so you gotta pay somebody. The Eagle's paying everybody the big pay somebody. But I'm gonna tell you this, what you gotta think about when you think about the Eagles and with Laurie. With Laurie and, and Young Bulls over there doing Roseman. Yeah. Yeah. Brother, brother Roseman, they paying everybody a little bit early. They can, they catching 'em early but they not, they not paying top dollar actually for the players that they Pacific position. But the Bengals, we waiting on the back end. We waiting on the back end and forcing, forcing the players to be on themselves. Chad, you ain't never So they coulda had, they coulda had Jamar what, 35, 36 they coulda had. Yep. Two years ago. Two years ago. Right. And they know this is the truth. 'cause I told them they coulda had t Higgins five years, a hundred million.


They said that was too much. Right. And I, I know this because I told them this. Right. And but the Eagles, they they paying aj, AJ Brown got paid at the top. Devonte didn't get paid at the top. Jalen, hers got paid at what organization, You know, sign a dude to a deal, he ball out and they say, You know what man you outplayed your deal. We gonna give you another deal after one year the way they just did Saquon Barkley gave 20 mil. Look, I'm praying if I'm a rookie coming out that I get drafted to the Eagles the way they Absolutely man. Right, right, right, right, right, right. Man. But they also, you gotta understand how special Saquon Barkley is. This, this is just not your average running back or average league can even special in New York and they wouldn't pay you Chad, you can, You know, being special when you under that contract.


Dang Right. Did You know more money? Nope. Right. Right. Why would I mean, but also, but, but look, you gotta understand then importance and value of that he brought to that team in general. Some of the pressures that he took off Jalen Hurst throughout that season, Woody was able to do for them offensively actually getting him over the hump. Yeah, he was. And get into that and, and, and get into that Super Bowl run. Yeah. So I understand Es especially everything he's been through the storyline in general. That's one of the greatest stories right now. Giants we gonna tag you because we don't really, the giants, we don't really value the position anymore. That's are dumb. They should have got a Huh? The Giants should have got a Super Bowl ring for how dumb they are letting Qua go. They, they should have been giving a Super Bowl ring. They dumb.


Yeah. Hey, so listen, knowing, knowing the Bengals and understanding what we need the way we look last year, how we finish understanding what we, what we need to do offensively. Obviously we need to start fast, but on the defensive side of the ball, what do you think we need to do? Come draft. What do we need most? We gotta be able to stop the run. I, I believe Jenkins is to be his second year. If he anything like his daddy, he gonna be better. So Y y your pops was a hell of a defensive tackle. He's going to be better just, just as bloodlines in a year of experience. We just gonna have to draft Well on defense man, we gotta be able to draft well like we draft Miles Murphy outta Clemson in the first round.


He gotta start playing like that now. Right? This going into his third year. He ain't playing like a first round drafter. He gotta play like that. We need Cam Taylor Britt to play how he played in 2023. Yeah, J Turner was playing well then he got hurt and so they can do it. It's just, they cannot miss, we can't miss with draft picks on the defense side of the ball. When you gonna pay the offense, you gotta draft and develop on a defensive side of the ball. Right. That's gonna be the key. We gotta make sure we get three starters outta this draft on defense. If you notice like, oh wait, three starters, that can come in and start right now. Right now, right. Your first round pick your second round pick and somebody else that, that just surprises you.


Right? You find Jim, what, what do you see from the Eagles? What do they get? Jordan, Davis, Jalen, Carter brother Mikel, Deon. You see who they did? Yeah. All on ship. All those Dean all No JR all on defense because we are paying all the money. 55, 50 plus million for Hertz. We got 33, 34, 30 3 million tied up in aj. We got 28 million tied up in, in, in, in in Devonte. And we paid our entire offensive line. Lane Johnson, Dickerson, Malau. And we done, we gotta hit it out the park on the defensive side on Joe because we can't pay top dollar.


That's why they let those guys leave. Think about the guys that left went to New England. One guy went to Arizona, right? Because we can't pay him now. Jalen Carter, who he gonna Oh yeah, he gonna, he him the head. He about to get 41 40 2 million. Yeah, go ahead and give him to him now before you have to pay him 50 million. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey. T think think about how bad our defense was, right? And obviously they paid t they paid, they paid Burl, we paid Chase. What do you think about Trey Hendrickson? Do, do we pay Trey Henderson market value or is he gonna give him a home team discount? Nope, he not. We pay a market value. Chad. But what, what's market value?


What's, what's market value? I mean he got 33 what? 36 sack in the, in the past two seasons. He got 35. The HOF the last two years, 35 sacks. This, this is what I'll say. I'm pay, but I'm not making him one of the highest paid defensive players. I'm not doing it. You you can't. Whoa. How how you not gonna do that? Be number one? Number one. This is where you, we call this hustling backwards. I ain't holding out, I'm trying to get money. I'm not gonna hold out to lose money. You do that. We hustling backwards now. Right? Right. He not gonna hold out. So I'm a, Dwayne was solid our giving. He's supposed to make $17 million I believe this year.


If the Bengals would be fair, they'd bump him up to 28 to 30. The 30 30 would be the max that I would give him if I was the Bengals. We gotta understand he a hell of a player. He had five sacks against the Raiders. Yeah. Five sacks against the Raiders and, and so he showed up big time the last game against the Steelers. You got three with him being 31, you can't give this man a four year extension at 35 plus a year. I can get him 28 to 30 million. I believe the Bengals will do that. Right. How much are you gonna give him? Guaranteed. How much are you gonna give him? Fully guaranteed. I'm, because that's what I'm looking at. Damn them big ass numbers. If they get paper. See now Shannon, you talking now, now, now Shannon talking like that agent right there like hey, I, I say, I said about I'm gonna gimme 45 guaranteed 45 minute guaranteed.


That's about I take, I dunno if he gonna take that tt He ain't taking that t. No, no, no. This is the thing though. 'cause if you look at t Higgins contract, if I'm guaranteed 30 in the first year, just say just say 35 in the first year. Right. 35 in the first year. If you Trey Hendrickson and then I give you a $10 million roster bonus in the off season, I'm not releasing you, your base salary for that second season is pretty much guaranteed. It's just not part of the fully guaranteed, guaranteed part of the contract. Okay. So now your base salary is somewhere along 15 million. That's $60 million in two years. You go man and it ain't fully guaranteed but 15 of it is as long as you got that $10 million roster bonus, they not gonna give you 10 million in off season and release you.


Yeah. Hey they say y'all, did y'all see what they did to Aren Rogers? Did y'all see what they did? Did y'all see what they did to Russell Wilson? No. They'll release you. Hey. Even if you, even if you got 30 plus, Russell had 36 million guaranteed. They said Russell Wilson did to himself when he was playing. Yeah. All I, I think, I think TJ for me, I think he might be content if you fully guarantee the first two years at about $60 million because you said that $30 million level, you're not trying to put him at, you're not trying to put him at Nick at of 34 million. You're not trying to put him in Miles Garrett. Which is, which is 40 million. So dang. I'm think two years at 60 million and the last three years is gonna be vulnerable.


But he's gonna probably, he's gonna want something, a big number to make a big splash. But I'm, you're gonna have probably have to give him 60 million fully guaranteed. Hey, this it the year man. We, we gotta do something. We we gotta do something. We gotta play in the preseason. 'cause the last few years we ain't been playing in the preseason. Exactly. And we start off, we start off slow every race season. Kill us bro. The first game of the season last year was, is is Chase gonna play? Is he gonna, oh shit, he gonna play, he acted and then moves to the Patriots and that now is a game that caught that would've got y'all in the playoffs. And so You know what DJ, we talking about Trey Hendrickson, but we saw Pratt, your outstanding linebacker that led him in tackles. Now you lost Hubbard who retired.


Hendrickson is upset because his contract PRT says Y'all ain't got no money for me 'cause y'all just paid burn. Y'all played t y'all paid Chase. Y'all ain't got no money for me and y'all need to pay Hendrickson. Y'all need to let me go. You can't keep losing any good defensive players tj and expect you to think you gonna win. You can't Shannon, but I, I hate doing this man. I hate doing this. But You know, we was what? And we was players. But if you played on that defense And you not Trey Hendrickson what you want, what you want, what did you do during the season that says you deserve more money? I want more than 7 million. Then you could have played like you wanted more than 7 million.


Damn TJ damn damn t hey, hey, you see you talking about me O Joe, look at tj. Hey tj, cut him up. I'm I'm saying outside of Trey Hendrickson hold that defense could literally say I deserve a pay raise. Right? Tre Hmm was the only one that showed up each and every game when he was needed. Now Jermaine PRT has some games, but he done had some plays where, ah, we needed that play. Ah, we needed that play. Meaning if you star line, if you start in any position in the league, you, we all know this And you get enough opportunity, you gonna make enough plays. But what about the plays you don't make? Right, right.


When I look, Hey, we go ahead. Go ahead Joe And I I would get ready to say, obviously you, you And I have been playing together since college And I obviously, I I I view, I view, and I've always said it before, I think, I think Chase is probably to me the greatest banger receiver to, You know, whoever Dawn, you think Chad, stop. Stop bro. Wait, wait. Let me finish, let finish. No, no, no, no. That's not true. That's not true. Isaac courtesy downtown Freddie Brown. No. That, that man right there with them loess on is huh? Like listen, I've, I've never, I never won a triple crown though. Listen, listen, because you had me listen though, and Chad know this Shannon, he know what I'm about to say, man.


Chad's supposed to be in the hall of Fame, man, they fucking this boy over man. I mean, oh, I put on my own jacket. No, no, no, no, no, no. Chad. Chad, you joking. You know I'm serious about this. 'cause I tell you this all the time. Chad is the greatest receiver in Bengal's history. Now Jamar Chase is on his way to trying to equal or pass Chad. But where we sit right now, man, Chad is here. It's Chad is Chad is AJ Green, is Isaac Curtis. That that's what it is to me. Now, Jamar Chase is on his way to getting there. But come on Chad, you can't do it to your, I I, You know how I tell you this all the time, Shannon, you in the hall of Fame, let me give you my hall of Fame criteria because for some odd reason I think my criteria is the best and nobody listens to it.


Okay? For a period of five years, were you a top five player at your position? If you gotta think about it, you not a hall of Famer. I agree. So Now you go to 2002, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. That's seven years. Seven of those years. Chad was top three in the league for five of them. He led the a FC five years in a row. How this man can't even be a finalist like that. That makes no sense. He was leading the a FC in a year. He didn't lead it. I did, I did. So you tell me how he ain't in the hall.


How he, not even a finalist, but you got dudes that wasn't even top five at they position they getting in. But I was, I was a villain. The villain. They never letting a villain in. Nah, but they never, they listen, I understood that. Why you think I doned the jacket in the first place? Because I understood the politics that came behind it to me. I don't like the listen, I don't like the business side of football. Oh, remember we talked about that the other day? Yes. I talked about contracts, the reason why I played the game like a little kid having fun and entertaining ob Now the the flip side of things, okay, I know how y'all gonna play me. I choose, I chose not to conform. I'm playing the game the way I felt it should be played. So regardless of what my numbers would be, see, I understand what you're saying And you, before you earned it, you earned Yeah, but you earned it.


But you gotta, you gotta play by their rules. If you don't play by their rules, they not letting you in there, You know how I feel about it. You know, play by rules. You know what, Now you all the stuff that you was doing, they you can do Now. You don't even get fined for it. They owe you back pay. They owe money. Yeah. But here's the thing though, Ocho, you had no off field issues. Now what happened was, the thing that's going against you, And you still don't have this, is that they wanted to keep T out so bad. They changed it. They said anything that you did on the sidelines or in the locker room could be used against you. Yeah. Where before they said even off field activities couldn't be held against the player.


That's how bad they wanted to keep to from being in the first ballot hall of Fame. Yeah. That was criminal. That T first and then, and then they had the nerve, then they had the nerve not to let him in the first year. The second year though, the, the first year and, And I, And I think t even though t and y'all know how I feel about TT, I said he's the second greatest receiver to me. Some people push back and say it's Randy. But we know, I think, I think you And I, I think TJ And I are more aligned. I think Jerry's the greatest receiver and it ain't close. That's my pressure. Yeah. Now tj you might have, you might say Randy, you might say Teo, but for me, I think those three are the top three receivers. As we sit here and discuss it today. Now Chase and JTA and somebody down the line might have something to say about, but I sure hope I'm alive when I can see the receiver that say, Hey, he right there with Jerry.


I wanna be alive to see that receiver. That ain't gonna never happen. But Jerry Rice was getting a thousand yards in year 20, bro. 40 years old, got 1200 yards. That, that's, that's, that's never going to happen. We, I, we'll never see somebody do what Jerry Rice has done. But Jamar, chase, Justin Jefferson, they on they way, but they gotta make sure that they don't hit any bumps in a road. 'cause Odell Beckel was on his way as well. Yeah. And he hit those bumps in a road. He could never recover from that. And, and so I, I just feel like Chad is the best bingo receiver in the history of the A team. He knows that.


I know that now Chase is on his way. I just, I tell Chad this all the time 'cause he never gonna say nothing about it, man. It's just a crime that he can't be a Hall of Fame finalist when his game on the field. He earned that shit, bro. Spoke to that. And and that's one thing about Chad, like when you talk about work hard, this dude, this dude is gonna run himself to death. Like Janet, we, Janet, we was in year nine And we was taking all the scout team reps like we were still rookies every time, every time, every practice. One thing Thursday, Friday, we did all the offensive reps, all the scout team reps.


I left the Bengals and went to other teams. Them dudes is like Bro chilling Scout team. I just always had done it. And so people don't realize, like Chad worked hard. We similar paths. We both went Juco, we both had like, ain't no way they making it to the league. Oh shit. They made it. And to be successful. I mean that right there within itself, pat yourself on the back. But yeah, chance should be in the hall of Fame, man. Any chance I get, I'm gonna say that because I know, I know who the best receivers were and I'm not gonna put nobody down. But some of these dudes, they not better than him and them dudes even know they not better than him.


I see. You stepped to help out rookie Jermaine Burton. We saw the struggles. A lot of it played out publicly. Ocho say he's going to, he's gonna try to intervene. This year we got two great bal receivers that's trying to help the younger generation. Like bro, there's a lot, there's a professional aspect of it, which is what you do. You are an NFL, that means you're a professional and then there's a pro PRO, which is the way you go about handling your business. Yeah. We need to get you to become a pro, You know, with Jermaine, like I, I was talking to him a lot during, prior to the season starting. 'cause You know, he was having problems prior to the season and Right.


Les knew that I was close with him. So they, they was reaching out to me before anything ever became public. Certain games, he wasn't even gonna be active then. They was, they were letting me know the night before. And so I'm giving Maine a call like, bru, what's going on? What, how you doing? I'm gonna just see if he going to tell me what's going on before I gotta ask him what's going on. Right. And you got all the talent in the world, but at some point I can't want you to be what you don't want to be. And you what I tell my kids, I can't want more than you want it for yourself. He going have to figure that out. And I just, I just talked to him today.


I just talked to him today and to me it, it ain't about anything physical on the field. He gotta make sure mentally and off the field he ready to go because the league gonna move on. He got one more strike. The, they gonna move on without him. It don't matter who you are, man. This NFL this thing gonna keep rolling with you or without you, you gonna hop on the train and roll with us. You, you gonna get your ass rolled over and get left behind. Yeah, absolutely. I I hope he figured it out man. 'cause he's so talented. He comes from a background where he can really change his family's fortune and I'm gonna do all I can. Chad know me, I'm gonna talk. Yeah. So I'm gonna help, I'm gonna help him as much as I can, but ultimately I can't want him more than you want him.


Yeah, man, listen, I I don't, I don't, I don't know brother Burton like, like that. I obviously when I, when I go to the stadium, when I do have my, my my times and chances where I'm at the field, You know, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna do that. Be that father figure. I don't wanna be that guy. 'cause when, when I was playing and people come in, I wasn't trying to hear that stuff from them. So I just talk. So true football, when you out, when you out here, you gonna pull up to the training. That's that's what you gonna do. You gonna pull up. Okay. Oh, I'm, I'm gonna bring my clea too. I don't know if you Hey, hey, I, I can't tell tj. Tell him to let it go, tj. Hey. Hey. What? Hey, hey man. It's just different, Chad. Hey. Yeah. Hey, right now, like I, I, I lightweight hurt myself thinking I could, Hey man, hey, your mind say I got this.


As soon as you get on that field, boy your body be like, boy, you better sit your ass right on down. I mean, I, I shaped up. There's a reason why we hung them cleans up on tj. Hey, we, we can, we look the apart, but I don't know if we are the part, it's that it's that lateral. And I keep trying to tell Ocho Yes Ocho could you run straight ahead Yes. With that? Yeah. Yeah. That it ain't no it's, see Chad might be the only Chad lateral movement was that is out of this world. That that's one thing. Chad was so quick. Even if he lose quickness, he about what everybody else is. Now.


See uncle I told you, hey, but here's Theo tj. Even though he might be what? Because his quickness is because he's so light. See, you And I like to play through contact. We wanted somebody, we Chad we wanted somebody to be up there. Ocho. Yeah, I mean a tj. So we can snatch a pull. Yeah. Or rip through their ass. Yeah. Out here at 180 5 hit lateral quickest right there be they gonna show his ass up to beat Hold. Hey Shannon, you probably giving Chad about five pounds. Chad probably about 180 right now. Right now I'm 12 five. Chad you are damn. Blah. Look it, look at this. Hey Chad, talk about it. That got a, you got, you got a big bicep, you got a big chest, you got big calves that yeah, that's it.


He ain't got no leg. But all your weight is, the weight is from waist down. That's what a that's what, that's what a weight is on Joe. What? Hey, You know what Pro Promise say Pro Promise say the horses ain't got no big legs neither. You see how they run. Hey, the fair br, fair bred. Look at, look how skinny that ankle are now Clydesdale got the big ass legs and they ain't moving nothing. They pulling stuff. Yeah. Cly horse and a race horse. Hey tj, who you got? Because we know we got this fight coming up this year. Ocho versus James Harrison and MA. Yeah. Hey him. Listen man, Chad my dog bro.


What kind of is it att att Don't say nothing wrong. Don't say nothing wrong. Fight ist say nothing wrong. Is it just vodka? MA Nah, MA Chad. Don't do the MMA bro. I love you dog. Chad. So who side you on? You not on my side. Chad, listen to what I'm saying bro. Hold on, hold on. I just went Are you on my side or not? And I dig your eyes, bro. Take the looks off Chad. Boxing. I got you. Yeah. MMA man. What that mother James everything Go brand. You and me at the same time. Boy, You know how strong James Harrison is.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there is only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. Jay Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, This is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is your app, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, I don't care nothing about strength. Boy. You know how strong if No, hold on. If he can rest you can do. Huh? If he can grab you, you do. He He's not gonna be able to grab me t he's not gonna be able to grab me. T Chad, I'm finna play with him. T listen to me. I'm finna toy with him. I'm finna toy with him in the octagon. Listen, I'm gonna hit him at wheel when I want to t I'm finna be jab him, jab, jab, jab. T Hey, I'm finna bounce around. I'm gonna move around T Hey Chad. Hey, watch out. Yo Chad, watch out and listen. I'm gonna tell you, lemme listen. I got you. It's any, I can't do it. Listen, lemme tell you, let me tell you. You got, you need to have faith of a mustard seed. I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna choke him out with a guillotine and I'm gonna run straight to you and jump in your arms.


Hey man, this, this is, this is the old, this is the old pride fight. No weight class. This pride fight. Yeah. In the day. Yeah. Yeah. Back in the day. Back in the day. Back in the sixties. Now the boxing thing, you, because he got all that muscle. He gonna be tired fast if you're just tired. Well, what you think? What you think gonna be an Octagon team? Oh, he going, because he gonna shoot and take you down. He can't shoot you. You, you, you can't shoot. I'm finna I'm finna keep my, I'm gonna keep him at distance. He starting get close enough to throw a punch. How you gonna throw a point? How you gonna throw a punch? Jojo? Easy. I what you mean? I'm a Gazelle punching.


Hey, hey man, I just hope James Harrison, man. James, if you watching have mercy on my boy man strip. Hey James, if you watching, I'm apu. You got a punchable face. See TJ, what you done started? Hey, what? Hey, what, what, what, what month is the fight? Whatever month you wanted to be. I was hoping somewhere around August or September. I thought we were doing the Super Bowl. You wanted Oh, so you wanted to be a Super Bowl in San Francisco next year? Yeah. So I, so, so all the former current players could be there to see him get his ass whooped. Well, what about our show? He saying we can do it. You ain't gonna be able to do it. That's what he's saying. Yeah.


Hey, that, that that'd be perfect too. We had a fight before the show. Not the same day. I'm saying like a few days before. Oh Lord have mercy. You gotta remember Super Bowl is seven day, seven day a seven day event. Seven day week. I know. So we, we can, we can schedule it. Oh Lord. I bet, I bet, I bet he, I bet you ain't heard from him. 'cause I told him to decided to send the contract. So we have, so we have a fight that Friday night. We'll do our show that Thursday night. Bingo, man. Yeah. Hey, just pay him off back in the forties and fifties, man. Just pay him off. Pam, take a d Hey Pam, take a dime like Harlem of night. Hey Pam, take a dive man. Hey, listen, I'm I'm not doing it.


I got too much pride. T if it's boxing, I, I gotta, I gotta, listen, I gotta show the, I gotta show the world. We gotta learn to stand up the bullies. If it's boxing. We gotta learn the stand the people that's bigger than us and stop, stop, stop looking at people that have size and strength and allowing that to intimidate us. Oh. You know, I ain't scared if it's boxing. So remember boxing, remember the story. Remember the story of David and Goliath. Right. Same thing. You, that's what it's gonna be. All right. I'm with you. It's gonna play, it's gonna, it's gonna play out in real life. That's all I gotta say. You know I'm with you. I just, I I'm an advisor. You make sure just HandsOn, just these, just these. Hey, hey. TI got, I got, I got the quickest feet in the world.


You know he, they used to call me Lou Kane back in high school. Mortal Kombat, Luke Kane. That, that man, that man get his hands on you Ocho Hey Unc, that's the same thing he used to say on Sundays, if they get their hands on me and only one person was able to do it. Who that Revis. You just got, You know you was, see when Revis did that, you was one foot in, one foot out. You wasn't all the way in. You wasn't all the way in. Yeah. Well I sure hope he all the way in when he fight James. Oh. Or he'll be oh, he'll be, he'll be both feet out. Hey, I been working on my wrestling techniques too.


Oh no. See what you said tj. This man talking about he gonna wrestle. Hey man, talking in, in the third round. Be tired. He ain't gonna get to the third run. You better go get with one of them Gracie's and get on some juujitsu. Yeah. So that when he, when he grabbed you, you wait a minute, wait a minute. Hold on. I'm a black belt tj. What you talking about? Hey, Chad, go. Nah, that's Hermes. That ain't no, that ain't no juujitsu belt. Hey, you better go get with one of them Gracie's, somebody teach you some Juujitsu when he grab you. You got him that, that shows best fact, I'm ready. Pay John Jones to teach you. You go to new me, Albuquerque, New Mexico. That's what John, that's where he train out of go to Mexico for like a, a a month.


Yeah. I, I'm, I'm, I'm ready man. Yeah, I, the fact that John don't believe me, that that kind of hurt man. Shit. That man, hey wrestling, that's all the big dudes do. That's all they gonna do. Hey, hey, wrestling, fighting. I don't, it don't matter whether anything combat sports, he's going to be tired in 20 seconds. 'cause the first thing you gonna do is, ah, done gassed. Okay. Hey, it don't take much energy to grab somebody that can't get away. You do realize that man played the NFL. So he did, he rushed the quarterback. You know, when they was going on, on no huddle, he was still rushing the quarterback. Okay. I'm just this late. Alright. I just let You know, listen, I I, I tell you what I done done enough talking tonight.


I can show you better than I could tell you. Okay? Alright, tj man, thanks for joining us, man. We gotta get you to come back on on the re bro. Man, y'all gotta holler at your boy. Hey, boost mumble man. Let me get that chirp man. I see they both got the boost mumble on the background. Appreciate that all T man. Thanks for joining us tonight. Yo, DJ sto, former bingo, great o Joe's teammate in college and in the NFL ocho. Now LeBron James went on the Pat McAfee show today, nearly three weeks after confronting Stephen a at a basketball game. Yeah. LeBron broke his silent on the incidents referring to the fallout as a Taylor Swift tour run for Stephen A the B started, excuse me, comments Stephen a made regarding Bronny.


I initially wasn't gonna say anything. I wasn't gonna talk about it. I didn't, we didn't talk about it. Y'all didn't hear anything from me for about the incident for three weeks ago. But now LeBron just went on P Matt And we have to talk about it now. LeBron said he hasn't been too happy with how Stephen a has reacted to the situation. He's on a Taylor run Swift tour right now. It started off with, I didn't want to address it, but since the video came out, I feel, I feel this is LeBron talking. I need to address it. He completely missed the home point, the whole point. Never would I allow people to talk, not allow people to talk about a sport and criticize players about what they do. This is your job to criticize or to a position where there's a guy's not performing.


You know, that's all a part of the game. But when you take it And you get personal with it, it's not my, it's not my job to not only protect my damn household, but protect the players. He's gonna be smiling ear to ear when this comes out talking about it. It, 'cause I know he's gonna be happy as hell. Me. Hey, I wish Steven, they would just left it alone. Right? Once he addressed it, once it happened the first time, address it. This is what happened. He came over to me, said what? He said, I want to address it now And I'm gonna be done with it. Right. Because as my grandmother used to say, boy, stirring up old-ish, it still smells.


So every time, every time Stephen a talks about it, it re it, it, it stirs it up again. Yeah. And look, I I see both sides. I see both sides of the equation. Yeah. But at, at Steven, they just need to let it go. He needs to let it go. And Now you like, well, if he'd headed, I don't think LeBron was coming to hit you. LeBron was coming to tell you, bro, just stop talking about my son. Right. He said, because you said, oh, as a father. Now you making it personal. You're making it personal because Now you part you're making, it seems, and this is how LeBron I think took it right, you making it seem that I'm not a good father. That I'm not putting myself in, putting my son in a position Right.


To be successful. And so you're like, you're pushing this. And so LeBron took it a certain way and am I surprised LeBron responded the way he did so publicly? Right. Because LeBron is a very private person. Yes sir. He might have an issue with someone And you will never know it. You'll never know it. Yeah. You'll never know it. So, and and so for him to do that at a game, and it wasn't after the game. It wasn't before the game. It was the third corner during the time out. Right. Lets You know how upset he was at Stephen a and what Stephen a had been saying. Yeah. But at this point in time, I understand LeBron, they asked LeBron about this. But if I'm Stephen a Hey guys, I've already addressed that.


He said what? He said, I understood his point. I said, what? I said, now it's time to move on. I, I'm, look, it's not gonna stop me from talking about LeBron James, the basketball player on the court, but the incident, I feel that we've talked about it at nauseum. I feel we've talked about it enough and now it's time to move on. That's that, that's what I wish even they would do. Yeah. But like he said, I mean, look, I get it. That's LeBron James. It's the biggest name in pro North American sport. Right. And when you mention his name, good, bad or indifferent, people don't want to click and hear what you have to say about him. Right. But the one thing I know about this guy, And I know him a little bit, I don't know him as well as a lot of people do.


Right. That man loves his family. He gonna protect his family. Now. Always. Always. And I think, I think when you think about it, And you go back to the way things, things happen with LeBron actually addressing Stephen, a court side is well what, what Stephen a said, obviously was said publicly on a public, on a, on a public forum on tv. So he addressed it the same, the exact same way publicly courtside in the middle of a game. Yes. Yes. Now as, as, as, as a father, You know, and like Stephen a said, he understood where LeBron was coming from. Knowing Stephen a I think in, in the, the individual that he is, LeBron said what he had to say today.


I'm sure Stephen a is going to respond to that because he did. You need to think about anytime anyone says anything to or about Stephen a he's going to have an answer to whatever's being said. Yeah. That's just him. And it's, it's always been him. I know you would like me leave it alone, but I I I don't think that's that, that's not how this gonna go. The only thing I would've said with Stephen, they look, I know people are gonna like, man, LeBron should have stole on you. LeBron should have did this man. They just talking. Yeah. Stephen, they man you the same man you about, I about to be 57. You about to be 58, bro. You that ain't, that ain't even your mo right going fight. Nobody. I don't think LeBron wasn't gonna swing on you And you wasn't going and, and he, LeBron wasn't gonna swing on you, so there would've been no need for you to swing on him.


I'm glad you guys stood there and y'all talked. Look, he said what? He said you seem to be receptive at the time of it. You are seeming, you said you understood because he was speaking to you as a father and not LeBron James the basketball player. And you seemingly you said you understood that. Let it go now. Let it go now. Look, I I, I, I mean I had issues. I remember I had a conversation with Kevin Durant when he first got trade to Phoenix And I walked into the hotel. I was like, damn, that's kg. And he said, oh, lemme holler at you right quick. I said, what's up? Okay. You know I, so, You know, I'm like, damn, I ain't, I ain't get no dab, no dab over. He said, lemme holler at you right quick.


Said what's up bro? He said, man, what's it, what it is you, you, you, you, you got beef? You don't like me or something? I said, nah, why you say that? He said, man, the the way you talk, I said, KD bro, I'm passionate. I say any, any topic that we discuss on that show. Right, right. I'm very, very passionate. I spent a lot of time researching it and I'm very, very careful to what I say. I said, KD ain't about no like or dislike. I said, I don't know you personally. All I talk about is what you do on the court. That's it. Whatever you may or may not do off the court, I don't give a damn. Right. I said, you can ask your mom. I've had, I've talked to your mom ad nauseum or, or she used to come on the show.


I've seen that event. I said, K, there ain't no like or dislike. I said, I'm just passionate about topic bro. I said, I ain't got no, I don't dislike anybody. 'cause I don't know anybody to dislike 'em. It's not like, like me and Oak. When, when I used to hang out with Oak. Yeah. Oak used to work out. Charles, Charles Oakley. Charles Oakley used to run on the track with us. Yeah. Char Oak used to come to the gym and work out with me. Oak And I used to go out to Houston's, that's his, that was his favorite restaurant. The N word always got the cheese toast. Me and Oak had a have, have a relationship. Right. I pick up the phone and call. I said, I don't know any of these current players like that. Right. I said, but I'm just passionate about topics. I said, bro, I ain't no like or dislike.


I said, but if I probably didn't let, if I didn't like you, You know it. Right. He said, all right. He said, man, I just, he said, I just, You know, I said, cool, bro. I said, I ain't got no problem with you. I said, anytime. Hey. He said, Hey, here, gimme your phone. We exchanged numbers. Left it at that. He saw I was at the game the other last year, a couple years ago. I took my daughter to the first, well it might have been this, nah, it was two years ago. But anyway, yeah. Had to talk to, hey, talk to him on the bench. You laugh and talk. I ain't got no problem with nobody on your, And I And I, and I'm not trying to go for bad or nothing like that. That, but that ain't how hell, and guys, I think when guys see me, they know I, I ain't ain't all about that man.


I'm just, I'm just cool. I just wanna vibe, have a good old time. But I, like I said, I I, I appreciate instead of him Like, You know, Bri on Twitter and, and, and, and, and the internet trying to blow it up. Hey, somebody got a problem with me, just, hey, come to me. Right. Just come to me. I ain't got no problem. I talk to any, anybody, anybody, anywhere about anything. You got a problem with what I said? Yes. Why you said that Sha why you said that. Right. This is why I say, this is why I said that. Go ahead. Right. And You know what I do like though? I'm not sure how the people, I'm not sure how the people in the chat field, but I enjoy when you talk about Kevin Durant, players of that magnitude, elite players, some of the, I mean, obviously we talk about one of the greatest scores of all time.


I love the way Kevin Durant uses social media. I love the way he's so accessible to the people to be the star that he is with LeBron went and allow himself to be vulnerable. What LeBron did today, I've never seen LeBron do before. What he did on the Pat McAfee show, sitting there for an hour straight and actually just being vulnerable talking about everything. I really, really enjoyed that because there's some from LeBron that we've never, that, that obviously I've never seen before. And I really, really enjoyed that. And I wish more superstar elite athletes would do that. Be a little bit more open, be a little bit more accessible. And I mean, it was just enjoyable. It was enjoyable to see him outside that, that normal setting of, of not being, not being viewed as the king.


If that, if that makes sense. Well, most of the great players are going to be guarded because they're gonna, they're gonna only gonna give you so much. They're only allow you to see so much of what they want you to see. Right. If you look at all the great players, they've always been very, very guarded. They're not gonna totally let you inside. Especially why they're a current player. The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars, need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous Has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.