
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bowles.com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, it's Wilford El And Sabrina Bryan. And we're the host of the new podcast, Magical Rewind. You May know us from some of your favorite childhood TV movies like My Date with the president s daughter And, the Cheetah Girls movies. Together We're sitting down to watch all the movies you grew up with and chat with some of your favorite stars and crew that made these iconic movies happen. So Kick back, grab your popcorn and join us. Listen to Magical Rewind on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by State Farm, like a good neighbor. State Farm is there


Lucky Lands Slots asking people, what's the weirdest place you've gotten Lucky? Lucky in line at the deli, I guess. Aha. In my dentist's office more than once actually. Do I have to Say Yes you do. In the Car before my kids' PTA meeting. Really? Yes. Excuse me. What's the weirdest place you've gotten? Lucky I Never win and Tell. Well, there you have it. You could get lucky anywhere. playing@luckylandslots.com. Play for free right now. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. VGW Group avoid web prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and condition supply.


Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 ionic five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six seat long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


The Volume


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call it. Touchdown one thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See d kng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Vikings at home beat the 49 ERs and proved the 2.0. Thanks to a fantastic game by Sam Donald. Donna was the backup quarterback last season and probably owed some thanks to Kyle Shanahan and the 49 ERs coaching staff for helping him improve. Donald completed 70%, 72% of his passes so far. Guess what? Wasn't Kevin O'Connell under? Under Mike? Oh, he was under Sean Mcbe. Four touchdown passes against two interceptions. He even ran for 32 yards. It was Donald, it was his first time. Donald had consecutive game with multiple passing touchdowns since week 14 and 15 in 2019. And the Vikings were without Jordan Addison and TJ Hopkinson.


No matter how good they've been, the 49 ERs simply can't get it done in the Twin Cities. Remember last they lost, I think it was a Monday night game. The Sunday loss were the eighth straight loss in Minnesota. The last win coming in 1992. Justin Jefferson posted four catches, 133 yards, a 97 yard touchdown before leaving the game with a quad injury. Ocho what did you, what did you like about what you saw from Minnesota? Shoot? Minnesota. The quarterback play. Yep. The quarterback play from Sam Donald that everybody thought was was done. Went to Carolina. Went to San Francisco, bounced around.


First pick. He is building himself back up back, back up on top for a job next year. Because obviously when JD McCarthy comes back, he's going to be the starter. Right? But Sam, Donna is going to get a job somewhere else and he gonna have a chance to redeem himself as the number one pick. Yep. I like it. The quarterback play is why they, why they're 2.0. Justin Jefferson boy young. He the real deal boy. Oh yeah. He for himself. I think the thing is, plus Joe, you know it's tough when you block it, you a receiver, you block it. Yeah. And you know you blind and the guys run up your back. Run up my back. Okay, I bet next time that's safety go hit you in your mouth.


Right. Because Either, either you gonna get hurt or I'm gonna get hurt. But you know, he doing the right thing. He's sticking his head in there trying to get blocked and haircut em down and they roll up on you. That hurt, man. That that hurt. That hurt. O Joe. It really does. You know, you up in, hey the fo they coming and you try to see, see they coming. Hey, get them legs up outta there man. And most of the time you, you sometimes, depending on who it is you blocking, you know, they, they'll tell you, oh yeah, get get get your legs or they'll pull you forward. One of you pull. Yeah. Pull you out of danger. Yep. Brock Purdy, 28 to 36 3 19 1 touchdown one in interception. He was sacked six times. Shocking Deebo.


Eight catches a buck. 10 Kittle seven for 76 iu. Four for 43. Brock Purdy lost a fumble. They lost, they lost one fumble. So they had two turnovers. Bang. They gotta be better. Yeah, they gotta be better Ocho. That's not good enough. I'm trying to think, why the hell did they look like that today? Especially with the offensive line. Six sacks five was six. How many, how many times was Brock sack? Six or five? Six. And then watch, watch 49 ERs next game.


They look they completely different. Yeah, They look completely different. Completely different. They did. I mean, I thought, I thought they considering, I thought they would stick with the run a lot more. Again, it got lopsided. 2025 rush attempts, 36 pass attempts. Now remember Mason 20 carries a hundred yards, so he is getting five yards a clip. Right? Bam. Five yards a clip. But it just goes to show you, I mean, week to week, man, you gotta play your best ball. These teams are really good. They're well, they're coach for the most part. Everybody, some of 'em I lead like, I don't know how you got the coach or how do you play it?


Go ahead. Right. Everybody's improved, huh? Every team has improved. Well, except the Panthers. You know, my glasses, everybody's improved. Who Ash laughing at Panthers. I feel, I feel bad for Bryce, Bryce Young man. I feel bad for the fans. I I really, I feel, I really feel bad for Bryce Young, the go for goat, the go from to come from Alabama and have a, a consistent winning record and know what it feels like to win, to know what it feels like to compete at a high level against some of the best in the world on a collegiate level.


Yep. Be the number one pick in hoping to still compete and have that winning attitude and winning nature carry itself over into the NFL and be subject to the bullshit that you've been subject to. It. It, it's unfair. It, it's, it's, it's totally unfair. And I wouldn't wanna be the number one pick anymore. Yeah. I wouldn't wanna be, I mean I wanna be the number one pick, but hopefully I ain't go to Carolina. I mean Carolina had hadn't had good quarterback play basically since Cam in 2015. Yeah, it's been a long time. It's Been a long time. Before Cam, before Cam it was Jake, Jake Deone. Jake Deone. Yeah.


Jake Deone. That was the last time they had consistent quarterback play over an extended period of time. But these last since Cam left, they hadn't been able to put any putting much together. Somebody, somebody got it. It is been a curse. Somebody put a curse on the Panthers. I don't know who, But Brian Flores did a very good job of, of scheming up guys to get free to get home on Purdy. They got pressure, gotta pick off him. Read some good coverages. Yeah. Give Minnesota credit. Maybe it's, sometimes it's a testament to what they did do as a more, as a what you didn't do. Right. So, you know, sometimes we, like, we look at these teams we're like, oh, they're so good. They didn't do X, Y, and Z. Well they didn't do that because the other team didn't allow them to do that.


But give Minnesota credit, Sam Donald, 17 to 26. 2 68, 2 touchdowns, one pick three sacks. They ran the ball. 24 rushes 146 yards. So that's what happens. You let a team become, you know, let a team be able to do whatever they wanna do. They run the ball and throw it. Yeah. So Minnesota win. So they're two and oh 49 ERs A one and one Seattle's two and oh, so Seattle's the top of the NFC West. Hey. But like you always tell me, Gino Is early Gino. Justin Fields was his second straight start as a sub for Russell Wilson. I'm not sure Cy Russell's getting that job back.


Fields threw three touchdown pass 13 to 2117. No deception. To help the pitch first Steelers beat the Broncos for the third consecutive time. The Steelers defense has given up 16 points this season. The fewest to points allow through the first two weeks since 20 2007. With the charges coming to Pittsburgh in week three, the Steelers will face their biggest challenge to date. Although Bo Nicks threw for 246 yards on 20 or 35 pass it. He never found the end zone and was intercepted twice. I pulled Broncos. Damn. It ain't funny. Ojo.


Hey, That game was boring, huh? Oh man. Boring. It was a, a little sloppy. A lot sloppy man. But that's what happened. I mean, when you got the Truth, a lot of penalties. Yeah. And I couldn't even, I couldn't even hear the sound on that one. But I, where I was, where I was watching the games, I had 'em all on at the same time. So I was able to see everything, but One wasn't trying to win and the other was scared to win. But unfortunately somebody had to win Win. Hey, did you say Russell Wilson not getting the job back? Because if his calf is that hurt, why is he dressed?


If he can dress, he can play, right? No, I mean he just, he just listen, he wasn't playing last week. He was out there and shoulder pads. Anyway. That's my point. Thank you for making my point. Yeah, he just want to be a part of team With Huh? He don't wanna be in street clothes. Why not? I mean that's just, that's his personal decision. He wants to feel like, no, It ain't his decision. No, that's Mike Lin's decision. Nah, come on unc. Nah, You think he getting that job back? Yeah. When, When he's healthy. Hey, He's, he's not healthy enough to play, but he He's absolutely getting that job. I lemme Ask you a question. I can guarantee you that He's not healthy enough to play, but he's healthy enough to suit up.


Well, come on. Alright. Wait. You, you, you, you, you're thinking you putting too much into it. He Put that into it. You Are. He's putting on his uniform because he wants to feel like he's a part of the team and not be out there in street clothes. That's All. So, lemme ask you a question. How many, that's all. How, how many, how many times, how many times you dressed you, you suited up and didn't play? I would never hurt. So if I'm, if I'm putting in my uniform, I'm finna play. Okay. I I, I, I just, I don't know Ocho it just, I, I'm, I gotta Listen. They're, they're, they're winning. They're two and Oh, you are acting like, I mean, listen, a win is a win. It's not like they just winning convincingly just outright destroying people Like the Saints did the cowboys that they Yeah, they're by, by by, by the hair of your chin, chin, chin, whatever that, that, that kindergarten quote was from back then.


But listen, Justin Fields is, is playing well the, the whole point of the game. I wouldn't even go that far. I think they, as long as he don't turn it over because you look at what they're doing. They ran it 36 times. He passed the ball 20 times. Yeah. So Arthur, Mike to has Mike to, has a very simple game plan. We're gonna run the football damn near double the times we throw it or close to it. And. we not gonna turn it over And play Good defense. Well, they're gonna play good defense. 'cause I mean, you look at what they got now they play some, you know, pretty crappy offenses. Yeah. So we'll see. Once they step up in competition, I think they'll get a good test next week with the, with the charges coming to town. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I think they'll get a good, a good a a good step a a good step up in competition.


But I, I remember, you know, it, it is just, it's just, I don't know. Maybe you're right, but as long as Justin feels don't resort, resort resort back to the Justin Fields in Chicago. We're turning the ball over. I don't see how Russell Russells wrestles the job away from him. Well, because the head coach said that the starting job was Russell Wilson's, They other, that Russell got, Russell got hurt. There's nothing Russell can do about that. But I'm sure knowing Mike Tomlin, when Russ Wilson is healthy and able to go, the more experienced player will be at the ham for the Steelers. I remember, I remember, I remember Jerry Jones said that about Tony Romo when he is healthy getting that job back, tell the people at home that that wasn't around then and didn't follow Nightcap.


When Tony Romo got healthy, what did he do? What he did? No, you, that's what I'm asking. What did he do? I don't re I don't remember. That was a long time ago. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You know Dak Dak been the starting quarterback since. Oh, Okay. What did, what did Coach Belichick when Drew Blen so got help, got hurt. Yeah. What was supposed to happen? No, Joe, We was supposed to come back. But Tom, Tom was different bro. Tom wasn't, no, Tom wasn't. Go back to look at Tom's staff. Go back and look at Tom's STAs when he took over. They ran the football. Tom was not Tom. No, no, he wasn't like that. Yeah, He wasn't like that. I mean, sometimes it's just a feel, it's just a feel, you know, and a lot of times that's what a coach has to go with.


Don't, Joe, So you, how do you feel? You feel Justin Fields should still be the starter Healthy Mind you, they they, they beat a bad Broncos team. Yep. But Who, who do they beat week one? Who did they play week? I forgot who they played week one. No, the Broncos, they just played the Broncos. Steelers just played the Broncos. Who did the Steelers play Week one? The Falcons. The Falcons. They went on the road to beat the Falcons. Remember they kicked them six field goals. That's right. Barnwell kicked six field goals. That, that was, that was a de that was a decent team.


Yeah. So we'll see. The Falcons played, the Falcons played to tomorrow night against Philly. So we'll see. But like I said, again, it's two very Inupt offenses because first cousin w didn't, didn't, didn't do much the other night Ocho. Right. Ocho. But like hey the Broncos. Lemme get that Jordan. Lemme get that right there. Lemme get it. Right. I they do that for you. What they did for me. Don't worry about it. Y'all see that?


What's in there? My old locker? That that's your locker. Damn. What? From Savannah State? From Denver. Y'all had them. Y'all had them goddamn lean on me lockers. You see this Mile High collection? But I'm saying you see the locker, y'all that's the same locker. You don't get One. You over here tried to talk bad about my team. I'm not, I'm not just saying but that's i's the lockers they had in the movie. Lean on Me Be, I think they selling these ocho. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. See what they say. They say Hey.


Oh, your locker combination. I can't tell you 'cause I'm put some stuff in here. But it says the different Bronco unveil, they vary their first major uniform chain since 1997. The Mile High Collection featured bold modern design inspired by Denver proud tradition Colorado's landscape and Bronco Country Mile High Collection includes a total of 10 uniform combinations. Four jerseys and three helmets. Open your locker to reveal which pieces of Mile High collection you receive tag at Broncos and share your unboxing experience. Oh, that's live. See my combo is Yes.


I already know what you I already know. I know what, I know what the code is. 8 4 8 4. No they not right there. Hold, hold. Come on now. Hold on A see one, two right there. That locker real. That locker real good. You know you, you know what you can do with that locker. Huh?


What can I do with it? Put it right beside the bed and put your phone in there next time. There you go. See Ocho baby. You don't know how to let stuff go. Ojo is too soon. I'm not. Okay. My bad. I'm just giving you some ideas. That's all. Ah, Look at that. In Oakland and I got a light. Look at that right there. Ocho They got in there, You heard? Okay. Hey that's, that's a cert, that's a sane jersey or a T-shirt. Yeah. Is it signed? You see that Ocho?


Yeah. That's nice. That's nice. Other way. Yeah. That's real nice. Ocho ain't got no synthetic collection. Hey. Nah we didn't, we we didn't have them. We ain't had them old lockers from the movie Wildcats. Remember Wildcats with Goldie? Ha. Yeah. I wonder anybody in the chat? Anybody in the chat saw Wildcats? They probably too young for that. I know they anybody. I know they way too young for Wildcats. Ocho. Yeah. They gave you a key to the city. Yeah. What was it? A crowbar? Nah, nah, They gave you a key to the city.


Hey Chad. They gave Ocho a key to the city. It was a crowbar. They come back anytime you like. Yeah, I got a key to the city in Cincinnati. Man, I'm, I'm thinking about running for mayor here in Miami. Oh Lord have mercy. Yeah. Y'all ain't got no you ain't got no collection on Cho. You see that? That's your can of boy, I I'm just saying you, we didn't, I didn't, I I didn't play during the era where we had them old. I'm saying you, you don't have to play the air. They could have made that one. They ain't, ain't nobody gonna purchase that, That that's old. It wouldn't, that wouldn't really resonate with me. What Them old ass lockers like that? Yeah, That's a safe ocho It's a keepsake.


That's a safe. Yeah. You see the combination lock. Okay. Okay. Okay. And. we didn't have combination locks in my high school. That's Denver Bronco is an NFL team. I know, but that's just to tell you how Go Ahead. Listen. Technology and, and, and, and, and architecture in general has come so far. Nobody's using them old ass lockers but combinations no more. Hey all y'all do. Yeah, they do. What? Oh, what y'all got Y'all punch in Coles? Yeah, we face scanning in Cincinnati. Y'all don't face nothing. We do face scan in Cincinnati. That's how they get in the locker room. That is how you got into the locker room.


Oh, when I played? Yes. Oh no. I used my palm, I used my fingerprints to get in. No, It ain't, you forgot I came, I came to Cincinnati. I been to Cincinnati that no, And Jam got a, we got a Palm reader. I just, the first two, like, if, if you got clear just the first two hands, you put your, you put your fingers and Y'all ain got no clear Uhuh. But thank you Broncos. The Walton Pinner family. Thank you guys. I appreciate that.


Y'all know how much I love the Broncos even though I don't get back very much. Always blue and orange till the day to the day IDIE. That's it. Bronco country baby. That's what we do. Ocho right back at it. Rogers wins his first game at, well theoretically it's his second game because he does get credit for the game that he only played four plays. 'cause they did come back and win. And because he started the game, he get credit.


You slept through your alarm, missed the train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh. Cold. Sounds like you could use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land is where people go every day to get lucky. At Lucky Land, you can play over a hundred casino style games for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky land slots.com and get lucky today. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Floyd we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort in a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Gari studied spike bag. Spike Valentino is that girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Maison Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant news and pops of color from Couture industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby beyond its heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color. After one stroke, we are it bold or soft and blurred. For a more subtle look, tell us how you wear Spike Valentino.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds to have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine wash just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try Nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


If you're a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally. But don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse HVAC maintenance. And even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com Or just stop by Granger. For the ones who get it done,


Rogers wins. As the Jets beat. The Titans 24 17 Rogers hit some clutch passes on the fourth quarter to save the jets from a crushing loss in starting the season on two, going five for 5 74 yards and the game went in touchdown. Despite pedestrian numbers 18 of 31 76 Rogers delivered when it mattered the most and he didn't turn the ball over. O Joe, can Rogers continue to bail out the Jets? Abso absolutely. And that's what he's gonna do because he's a quarterback with a veteran presence that can do exactly what you just said. When it matters most, can you make the plays, can you make the throws and not put your team in harm's way by not turning over the ball.


And that's what Aaron Rodgers can do and that's what he's going to do. Garrett Wilson next week is gonna have a day. I just, and I'm telling you right now, if you listening, if you are in the chat, if you play fantasy, make sure you have Garrett Wilson next week. Who did play Ocho? The Jess next week? Yeah. I don't know, but I just know they gonna feature Garrett Wilson. I'm I'm telling you, I just, I have a feeling I can, I can feel it every time. I don't even know who they play. Who does just play? They play the Patriots. Oh, that's a Thur. Is that a Monday night game? Isn't that a Monday night game? Thursday night game. They play the Patriots Thursday. See what I mean?


Not what short week. Gary Wilson gonna probably have about 1 41 50. Not what? Gonzales guarded me. Not who? Gonzalez. The one that locked up to the head. Chase had him locked up. Wouldn't let, let him out. Nah, nah, nah, nah, Don't do that. Don don't, don't do that. Gar Wilson is going have about 1 31 40 Put something on it. Hey, it could be any Hey, any Gonzalez Chichi Gonzalez. T Gonzalez Gon Christian be locking the book. Alright. You, you'll see Christian Gonzalez. It don't matter. Okay. Gary Wilson, 1 31 40 Bookie.


But look, Ocho, I know D Hop losing his mind. Oh yeah. One catch two targets for nine yards. Absolutely. We'll let ocho how many times, how many times I gotta say it. Please guys. Stop making a bad situation worse. He did it again. Even the coach. The coach said, what the f are you doing? I asked myself that question, coach. Now you didn't learn last week. Ocho you getting sacked, you flip, flip the ball up. The guy picks it basically is Where's the game down? Yeah, today you getting sacked and you throw it backwards.


It's a lateral son sometimes. My my wide receiver coach, I just talked to him, just text him the other day. Les Dele used to say tell me all the time. He say he used to call, he called me sweetheart. He say, sweetheart, you gotta know when the journey's over. Yeah. You sha it down now. Yeah. You know, I trying to be tough fight for ya. And they steady putting hats on me. How you get hurt. Yes. He say, sweetheart, it's okay. I know you tough. You ain't gotta prove it now. You don't have to prove it every play. Yeah. And so, man, come on, will Levis, I mean, so he will not let you, your, he will not let you wrap your arms around him and embrace it, Willie, because he gonna do something that he gonna make a wild play.


You like. Wow. Wow. Yeah. And then he go like, then he gonna make another play. And you be like, Now what are you doing? Wow. A a a string of them together at that. You did that. Why would you ever do that? I Mean, you know that in high get his, get his ass out of there, you know, in high school. That what coach get his ass out of there. Yeah, Man. He gonna be all right. They, he gonna go through his little growing pains.


Malik Willis declined a pass and play after he found the ball slick with an unexpected substance. The Packers went over the coach today, Ocho Matt LeFlore asked about the play after the game and they came up with a good excuse on Willis' behalf. Let's take a listen to what Matt LeFleur coach of the Packers had to say. I asked Malik why he didn't throw the ball in that third down. And he told me that Josh threw up on the ball. I was like, that's the first time I've ever heard that. Matter of fact, the official came over to me. Sean came over to me and said, you know, we saw your center thrown up on the ball. Do you want us to take 'em out next time? I said, absolutely, please do that. Because I mean, you're talking about a critical situation and it's third down and I've never had a throw with bombing on a football.


So I don't know. I I don't think Malik probably didn't appreciate that Apple With the center doing, throwing up man in the middle of the game in the first place. Overheated probably aint too close to, aint too close to kickoff. Because if you Hey, if it ain't, if it ain't far enough down, it's coming up now. Yeah. Especially if you get hot. I mean we, I I mean I played with a guy rest his soul. Darren Soff. He, he was became a professional wrestler and he could throw up on command. Yeah. On command. On command. He could just be sitting there talking and you say draw throw up and he could throw up.


That's, that's having control in certain body parts. Yeah. He ended up, he was in a wrestling match and he ended up getting paralyzed on show he did a move and he ended up, you know, fractured his, his neck. Ah. And but yeah, but I've seen, I've seen it before. I've seen guys, he's the only guy, I mean, we never had an off, I mean I've seen guys obviously in practice throw up and stuff like that. Right. But he would, like, literally in the game, he would, he would throw up on the center's hand. That's crazy. I ain't never Seen that. How bad I be wanting to fight. I be wanting to punch you with the other hand throw up on my hand. Hey, but that's a bad man. That's a bad feeling man.


You know, to throw up on your man. Well actually, when you think about it, when you throw up, even if it's in the game, you feel that much better after. Yeah. As long as you throw up on the ground. I want your ass throwing up on ping on Me. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. On, on your hand of the ball. Yeah. That, that, that's, that's horrible. Especially as a quarterback. Hell yeah. The fact that he even had to grab that. Yeah. I was like, oh man. And I guess what's, 'cause once you snap it ain't no, you ain't no calling no time out. Yeah. You can't, not for that. Especially not for that. Oh man. But give Malik Willis credit. I mean he like, he took it like, Hey, I can't throw this. Let me put it under my, now I gotta put vomit up. Oh. You see the, you see the fish that you deal with to try to win a ball game?


Ocho? Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. All that. What am I gonna, You ever throw up in the game? Ocho you ever throw up? Hell no, I don't throw up. I get, I get my, I get my, you know I eat my McDonald's that, that, that's, that sit on my stomach real. Right. You know, proper nutrients. I I just, that's my fuel. Yeah. I, I ain't got time to throw up now. No, I eat, I I'm eating by the time, by the time we hit the field, I done eat. Yeah. See I'm eating no cho I'm probably eating about eight o'clock.


Eight. So by eight o'clock in the morning. Yeah. I, I I eat at 10 at the same time every time. I mean, I'm just gonna get what you call them. I'm gonna get, you know, get pancakes. I will eat french toast just with bananas. Egg whites. Right. Oatmeal, glass, orange juice, glass of water. I'm good. Yeah. I, well, all jokes, all all jokes aside, my, my pre-game meal, whether we were playing home or away at home, it was either McDonald's hot cakes with sausage, sausage, egg muffin, large OJ or I go to first watch, which is on Walnut right downtown. I go there at 10 o'clock and I get the trifecta.


Trifecta was, it was simple and just, you know, French toast, the, the millionaire bacon, two egg scramble, a fruit bowl and a large cranberry juice. And that was it. But then I was very superstitious ocho I had a situation where I think the first game I ever had, yeah. A hundred yards. I had a blueberry dunking donut And you kept eating that same goddamn blueberry Dunking Dunking donut. Huh? Every si from, from 1992 until I retired every game in my locker. Right. Three, it was, I don't, I don't know if Dunkin Donuts still does this, but they used to do a blueberry cake donut and they used to do a chocolate chip cake donut.


Right. So I would have them, they would get, if they didn't have the chocolate chip, they would get blueberry. So I got three blueberry donuts, I got three packs, a big red five, you know, five sticks in a pack in, in a and a pack. Right. Those, and I would have six Advil in, in my locker that would give me lineman socks. You know, lineman socks. Six four to six eight. Right. I would take those back to get running back socks. We had the, the exchange had to be like this every game home or away. Right. And Mike's gonna come out there and check 84. You don't, there you go. Everything's right. Because he was superstitious too.


Yeah. So, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Once I got that a hundred, y'all a just like clockwork. And in Baltimore, they didn't do it. So when we played the Broncos and the playoff game, yeah. The equipment managers brought me the donuts. Oh, that's live. And guess what happened? Caught the tip. Went 58 yards down the side. Live. That's live. Yeah. So yeah, that was, oh, oh, see, there you go. He, he, they know what I'm talking about. Nah, it wasn't no, I I I but when I played, I don't think the Denver didn't have no Krispy Kreme. So Dunking Donut was there. And so I need y'all Dunking Donuts.


If y'all listening, bring those chocolate chip cake donuts back. I would greatly appreciate it. Ocho Ocho just days after sitting the league single season scoring record Asia Wilson. Unanimous MVP made even more history. Thanks to a 29 point item Id outing the Las Vegas ACEs beat. The Connecticut Suns 84 to 71 to surpass the thousand part thousand point mark total this season. She's the first player in NF in N-F-L-W-N-B-A history to score at least a thousand points in a season. Wilson is the overwhelming favorite to win a third MVP. She shoulda won.


Thought she shoulda have won it last year. That's not to here nor there. She's averaging a league best. 27 points per game. 12.1 rebounds. Her 27 points per night is a full, is nearly, almost five points more than the highest scoring single season average. Wilson is averaging 21 points a game throughout her career, which is tied for Cynthia Cooper for the best output in WNBA history. So let this sink in. She's averaging 27. She's giving you 12.1 rebounds a game. She's giving you two assists. She's giving you two blocks. She's giving you two steals.


If, if that's not unanimous, MVPI don't know what is. Yeah, you know what, there will always be one voter that will mess up everything. So she can't be unanimous now. She will probably win the MVP. She always got one bo one voter. That has to be a weirdo. It's got to be the weirdo and go against the grain. Always. She's phenomenal. I mean, to watch her play to be at where she could, she could shoot the three. She got midrange. She can put the ball on the floor. Ocho she can finish with either hand. She's outstanding defender. She's gonna win. Defensive player of the year. Rightfully so. Like I said, I believe she should have won the MVP last year, but she's definitely gonna win it this year. And she probably gonna get a couple more.


I think she's like 28, 29 years of age. So she got some more years to win. 'cause she's, she ain't going nowhere. Right. And she has guards that can get her the ball. Kelsey Plum, Chelsea Gray. What's the other one name? Tiffany. Oh, here it is right here. Jackie Young. Jackie Young Asia is, Asia is 28 years. Eight. So you look at the three guards they got Chelsea Gray, Chelsea Plum, Jackie Young, all those. They can shoot the ball plus, but they do a great job of feed Asia. They gonna make sure she get her touches and so they Got some ballers over there. Yeah, they got some ballers over there.


But congratulations, Asia. Unbelievable. Unbelievable season. But you're not done yet. Congratulations to the ACEs. Looks like they're gonna finish in the four spot, which make, you know, it's gonna be a little, a little bit more difficult. Yeah. To, to do it, to get, because last year they had home court throughout, but it can be done. But Asia Wilson, the first WNBA player in league history to score at least a thousand points in A-W-N-B-A season. She has the highest scoring total in a single season, which is 27 points. A game averaging 12 rebounds a game, two blocks, two steals, and a partridge at a pair of a tree.


So that's Asia Ocho. Yo Been real quiet lately. Caitlyn Clark scored a, a career high. 35 points to pass Simonean Augustus for the most points scored in a rookie season. Clark racked up 761 total points to pass Simon on Augustus for the most points scored in a rookie season. Augustus now Hall of Famer set the record in 2006 with 744 in her Minnesota links. Rookie season Ocho. Is there any doubt now who's gonna be the WNBA Rookie of the Year? Absolutely. It, it, it shouldn't be any, it shouldn't be any doubt. Based on what she's done so far.


She's put together a beautiful season, the Indiana Fever, based on what they did last year before she got there, based on how they look now since she's, since she's gotten there. I mean, it ain't rocket. They Made the playoff, they're gonna make the playoff ocho and they didn't do that last year. Oh, It ain't rocket science young. A young, young bull is good, man. My bad. I'm talking about young bull sis. No is good. They play connected. CC is really, really good. She's really good. She's really, she's really good. Very, very, very exciting. Very exciting to watch. She's unbelievable. Yeah. She's, she's phenomenal.


She found a niche. If y'all didn't think she heard all the comments about her not deserving to be at the, at the Olympics, and she not doing this and she not doing that. You don't get, you don't get to the level she got to Right. Without, without using some type of fuel To motivate you. Yeah. And it burns long. Oh yeah. Her and her back court mate, Kelsey Mitchell. Man Kelsey Mitchell can plan I shoot it, man, that lefthanded Woo.


She nice man. That back court there. Mm mm They can, they can look, I understand the storm with Jewel Lloyd and Skylar. Skylar Diggins, I forget her last name. She's married now Smith. They got a nice back court. But man, I ain't, I ain't so sure I'm taking anybody over Caitlyn and, and Kelsey Mitchell. No, Enrique. I mean, you know, hey, we saw her, what she did in the WNBA All Star game. Right. But right now, the way Kaitlyn Clark and Kelsey Mitchell are playing, I'm gonna get 'em deals.


I'm gonna get, I'm gonna give them deals. Hmm. But again, congratulations Asia first thousand points score in the WNBA. Congratulations Caitlyn Clark. Most points in a rookie season passes the Hall of Famer, Simone Augustus, 35 points, which is a new career high for her. And the fever, make the playoffs. So yeah, I think that pretty much sum that's kind of sold it up right there. Averaging 19 points a game. Gonna make the set the NBA. She broke the rookie record for sis, I think. Did she break the, the, the WNBA season assist record? She broke that record and now she has her team in the playoffs.


So yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be very, very, very difficult OCHO for her not to win Rookie of the Year. And I think she's more than deserving. Yeah. Ocho, we got some bad, some sad news to, to, to pass along. Tito Jackson, the beloved Jackson five member dies at the age of 70. The soulful guitarist who's known for a smooth playing key rolling in, shaping the group sound, leaves up behind, leaves behind a lasting legacy in music. Tito Jackson dead at the age of 70. Man, what happened, man? Natural causes Don't start me lying. We just, it just came across the ticker Man.


Oh, Tito man. Well, Janice the youngest, but Tito Tito's the youngest boy isn't he? Or was it, was it? Nah. Was it Michael Tito? Who? Tito is. Well, Janice's the youngest. But I thought Tito was, thought Tito was the it is been reported that he had a heart attack. ocho. Oh man. Maybe Marlon.


Think Jermaine or Jackie? Jermaine might be the oldest. No, Rebe might be the oldest. Whoa. I don't Okay Know why, Man. Tito older than Jermaine. Oh yeah. Jermaine was born in 50, was born in 54. Rebi is the oldest. She's born in 50. Jackie was born in 51. Tito in 53. Jermaine in 54. Latoya 56. Marlon 57 Michael.


I guess Marlon Wa there was an, I guess Marlon was a twin because there's a Brandon being reported that was born in 57, also passed in 57. Marlon was born in 57, so I guess they were twins. Michael was 58. Randy is 61 and Janet is 60, was born in 66. But Tito Jackson, member of the Fame Jackson five passes at the age of 70 was being reported as a heart attack. Now ocho. Yeah.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color. With 10 hour comfort in a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Gari studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is that girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Maison Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in vibrant news and pops of color from couture industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby beyond his heritage spike. Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color. After one stroke, we are at bold or soft and blurred. For a more subtle look, tell us how you wear Spike Valentino.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent. Perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to highrise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Listen to Trendz Zone on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football. The search for meaning away from the grid iron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is time for q and a. And I ain't seen Lainey Ray Is Lainey Ray in here. 'cause I know, I know. She was at the, she was at the bar probably last night getting drunk. Anytime she don't leave, no comment. She at the jukebox. Alright, now it's time for q and a. Keto Jackson. We ain't got no Damn. Ah, grant said Shannon, I want my restitution for all the money I spend@eightyfour.com this week.


I sure wish you didn't have to spend your money at Nikki. I really wish. Really, really, really, really, truly honestly wish you did not have to spend your money on some teas. Right? I would give any, I would give anything to be able to go back to Monday knowing what transpired on Tuesday and not make the mistake that I made on Wednesday. That's what I'm saying. I wanna go back to Monday knowing what happened on Wednesday. I wanna go all the, the way back to make show What happened on Wednesday? Nothing. Nothing. I'm sorry. Nikki. Jacob in says what's up. Unc and Ocho just placed my order for a tea. Thank you. Offer tall options in the future. Six, six and order in hopes it worked.


They long you, you'll be okay. Hey look. Hey, but Jake hey speaking, Speaking of Tease. Where my, where my damn teases at, man? Look What? Tease. Hold on. You can see that You just placed the order two days ago. Ocho, How you know, how you know? You saw my email? Yeah. Huh? You saw my email? Yeah. Yeah. I be a, I be supporting this shit. I be supporting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I be supporting. Yeah. I, I ordered, I ordered my own teas. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't, I mean, my family be calling to my chef. Let me get a tea. I'm like, you know, I gotta pay for this ish. Right? You got it. You got it too.


Yeah. I I I ordered mine. Yeah. Yeah. Lany. Oh, Lainey Ray. Hey, I guess it was football Sunday. So she's in, she's a Vikings fan, but she wasn't in last night. You was at the bar with you. Hey guys, you best believe I'm bringing up my Vikings tonight. What do you think about the most impressive part of the Vikings win over the 49 ERs or today? Gold. The goddamn court. You know what the damn defense? Yes. Defense. Yes. I, I I was, when when I think about it, I'm expecting the 49 ERs to steamroll over them because of Shanahan's creativity. Offensively boy was our fool.


Was our fool. Today They sacked Brock Purdy six times. Pressured him. Heard him. Yep. So Laney the most impressive part of your team win. Yeah. You had a nine seven yard catch and run touchdown by Jetta. But that defense being able to neutralize because we saw that offense in full swing the other night and, and to be able to neutralize them and shut that offense down, that was very, very impressive. 2 1 3 Sniper says some receivers were getting frustrated with the young QBs. Yeah. DJ Moore. With Caleb dealing with Bryce Young.


unc, how long you let quarterback continue to miss before you show your frustration? Well, if you, if you're a leader, no, You don't wanna show, you wanna do your best not to show your quarterback up. Nope. For one. You wanna do your best not to show your quarterback up. If anything, go over there and give 'em some words of encouragement. Yep. Because that had them Cameras gonna catch everything boy. Yep. I don't like that. Camera's gonna catch up with that. You are absolutely right. Ojo. I I made it. Hey, go ahead. I learned my lesson. I got mad. We was playing the Steelers and Carson couldn't get me the ball and I snapped my goddamn my chin strap man. And Carson came up to me. I'll never forget as, as when you see who ass whoosh Carson came my, if you ever motherfucking showed me up like that on TV again, mind if we, we was, I think it was Monday night.


Monday night. If you ever showed me up on TV like that again, you'll never get another motherfucking ball. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I believe it because John was the same way. That was the same way I made sure. Because I didn't want Oh man. Oh yeah. And that's the level of respect. Yeah. Because, and because, but I also didn't want him to like, you know, if I dropped the pass and him like Yeah. Do it to you. Exactly. Exactly. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I I was very, very conscious of the mannerism that I displayed and I knew everybody was watching me see how I handled the situation.


So I was like, Hey, my bad, Hey, I get the next one. Even if he made a bad throw, you know, hey, my bad TII get the next one. Right. You know, I just, I just wanted him to always have confidence in me. But the one thing, as a leader of that team, you can't show it. I know you want to, but you're the leader and some things you just, hey, you just bite it. And when you go home, hopefully you got a wife or or somebody that you can talk to. Damn baby. It's tough out there. Woo, man. But you know, it's, it's gonna turn around knowing, understand that you got a young guy, man, you ain't got Patrick Mahomes, you ain't got somebody that's been doing this six, seven years and these guys are rookies. And first of all Carolina, y'all Boy Caleb is gonna be just fine.


'cause they got, they got some nice skill players, they got nice scheme. They, they, he's gonna be okay. He's just got, he's gonna have to learn what he can and can't do because the guys are too good to let you do the things that you did at U-S-C-U-S-C when you won the Heisman and what you did your senior year and what you became the number one overall draft pick. The guys are too good. You not finna roll, be on the right side and throw that thing all the way back 40 yards. Bad things gonna happen. Bad things gonna happen. But yeah, it's tough. It's tough. I mean it's tough isn't it? It's tough when you play a public sport.


Cameras catch everything and you are an emotional player because you put all that work in and you wanna win, don't you? Yeah. And all of a sudden you ain't winning and things you're like damn, I'm winning this route. But the ball skipped to me, the ball over my head or bad throw. You got tough. You gotta be, you gotta be careful too because that passion and love for the game that you do have and that enthusiasm you show on the field. Oh depending on who you are, it's considered a distraction. Oh yeah. For sure. I say for some people it's passion. For others it's disgruntled. Yeah. Malcontent.


We know we ain't gotta send on that, but we know. Oh yeah, yeah. Damon wearing said happy 40th birthday to Chris. Christina Waters from your husband. Christina Damon wanna say Happy 40th birthday. I don't know why he put your number out there like that. Christina happy. You need to tell. Stop that. Happy Two Years. Happy 33rd birthday. Christina, your husband Damon said happy birthday and he wanna wish you a happy birthday. A very special happy birthday and many, many more to come. You shoulda have got some of rubies dam. You be on the rubies. It'd been a really special birthday for you. Uhoh. Tiffany Williams said, Hey, I'm still celebrating my 49th birthday in Hawaii. I'm island hopping with my daughter.


Do you have a favorite island in Hawaii? I don't, I've only been to, I've been to the, you know, Honolulu and I've been to Kona. No, where'd I go to Kona? Where they I went, I went Marlon fishing. Marlon. Yeah. You caught them big ass Marlon. I sure did. Got. I ain't got the patience to reel them shit's in for an hour. Nah, you can have that. Sure did. Oh, now you wanna talk about somebody ain't got no patience.


You talking about unc you ain't got no patience. You equ to talking about uncle ain't got no patience. Well, I mean, listen, I think out there fishing you don't, you have no choice but to have patience. 'cause you can't go nowhere 'cause you're in the middle of god damn water. Yeah, but I'm going out there, I'm going to catch something. Yeah. I mean I just, I can't, I can't do it. I can't sit down. Once You get past them Damn aggravating ass dolphins that keep nibbling your your the, your your Yeah. I'm like, bro, go away. Yeah, Because they, they come, you know, they smart now. They highly intelligent. Oh yeah. They they eat all they eat lead the head. They eat all around. Nah, they something many they so they, they something gon you, you, you draw back in.


All you got is a head on there. Head. Yeah. Man, stop playing. Oh yeah. I would like to go again. I would like to catch one by 500 pounds. No, I wanna go wicked tune. I wanna catch me a big old tuna. Yeah. I mean the one I call only weigh like one fifty, one seventy five. Oh that's it. Oh, that's, that's low. I I bet I I bet I know one thing. You can't, I bet you don't wanna catch what? Fill in a Goliath gpa. Oh yeah. But you gotta let those things go. They, I mean they could get, they can get, they get to be about seven, 800 pounds. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. But I wanna catch, I would like to catch one. I would like to catch one of more tuners. Probably about five, but four, 500 pounds. I let him go. But I just want, just wanna fight him.


I wanna fight him for an hour and a half. Hour, hour and a half. Maybe two hours. You mean? Two hours? Yeah. You know I'm good at fighting. I'm good fighting for, I'm good at fighting a long period. I'm good at fighting a long period of time. Stay with me now. They with me now. You know I'm Hell no, Man. You don't like to fish? Fuck no. My oh my bad. Sorry. Hell no. And listen, I've been in Miami all my life. I don't even go in the water. I don't understand why people love being on yachts and boats and jet skis and going fishing.


Hell no. I didn't wanna fish. I just want to fish. I mean, I, I, you know what, when they get some time off, I'm gonna go to time. I'm gonna go to time party and beat him. That's all I wanna do right here. Ah, hell No. That's it. If it ain't got nothing to do with this, don't call me to go out. Don't call me to do nothing. You, you hit me. Send me a dim, send me your gamer tag. I'm gonna tell you, I had this one chick one time, right. We was dating for about, we was dating for about two, three weeks and you know, everything out. Yeah. Two, three weeks we broke up and she said, I'm glad I left you 'cause all you wanna do is play the video game and I found somebody better than you.


So I told her, well if you think he better than me, send me his gamer tag and let's play. Fuck you talking about Snoop man playing with me. Send me, send me, give him a tag. Let's see how good. No, I like, you know, I used to fish. I used to fish and fish a lot. Like with my grandmother. I would come home, we grew up fishing. My grandmother, that was my grandmother, my grandfather, that was their favorite thing to do. And so they always took all the grandkids. It'd be about seven of the grandkids. Arne, Eugene, Landy, myself, my brother, my grandma, grandfather. My aunt would go sometime Jane. But that was our thing.


And so growing up, my grandmother loved to fish. We, you know, I would go fishing with her when I'd come home. You know, couple times in college I would come home from the NF when INFL and take her. Yeah. We go to Ken Cys pond. But yeah, I'm, I'm a, I like to fish. I mean, I don't get a chance to go that often now. I mean, I'm, I'm cool with shore fishing, you know, I can take a cane pole or rod Really? You know, close rod, open rod. It doesn't matter you, but like you said now, I ain't finna, I ain't finna be out there all damn day. Yeah, you better. I don't like it that much. You better than me. But it ain't much I wanna do all day, to be honest with you. Nothing I wanna do all day, you know what I'm saying? Hey, everything got, hey, hour, two hours.


Right. Okay, cool. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, for sure. But, but no, but Tiffany, happy 49th birthday. Enjoy Maybe Maui. I've heard Maui is un unbelievable. Probably go some of the place that's not as touristy. I think al I think that's is, is one of the islands. But it probably you want to go somewhere that's, that's not as touristy. And so you have some peace and some serenity to really enjoy you and your daughter's time together. But, but I haven't spent a whole lot, to be honest with you. I ain't spent a whole lot of time anywhere except my damn house. So, you know, islands, you know that ain't my thing.


I'm going, you know, but you know what? Don't your Hmm. I'm going on me a vacation. I'm gonna get me a vacation. I'm going somewhere For sure. I need to go on vacation too. And I ain't gonna tell we can't go on vacation at the same time because who going, who gonna do Nightcap? You say you wanted, you say, well, I go on vacation, you gonna do it, you gonna Be Hold on, hold on. When I go on vacation, I can still do Nightcap because I can do Nightcap from wherever I'm at. If I got wifi. No, I ain't, I'm just telling you I ain't doing what? I ain't doing it when I'm going on vacation. I'm not doing night count. Oh, I'm, I'm gonna do it. Okay. What's up? Chat live from Bangkok?


No. So yeah, I'm gonna let you handle that, but I'm going somewhere and ain't nobody gonna know You taking Michelle with you. There you go. Ocho I told you it's too early Ocho, I'm just asking. I'm just trying to make sure you got your plus one with you. No. Alright. My bad Man. Oh, you lemme ask you a question Ocho, you gonna ever let me live that down? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's, it's, I'm gonna listen. It ain't even been three days yet, man. I'm just, you know, it Ain't been three days. Listen, I didn't Bought, it's been four days. Listen, I done bought, I done bought shirts now. So I'm Finn I'm finna I'm finna wear my shirts, huh?


Yeah. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Wednesday. Yeah. See, it's Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. It's been five days old. Cho Hey, well when, when my shirts gonna get here then Yo, I might, I might have yours re redirected to me. I mean, I I I need to wear them so I can post it. Tonight is the last night as a matter of fact, we're gonna do that. Thank you for joining us for another, that concludes Sunday's Nightcap Football edition. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Yeah.


I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number, 85 route runner, Supreme Bing. A ring of famer honoree, legendary Ocho Cinco Johnson from Liberty City. That Me, that's Me. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and please subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts and we're trying to take over, take and you guys have helped us do unbelievable. So our ocho our goal is try to get 2 million sub by the end of the year. It's gonna be tough, but we're Gonna shoot for the, whoa, not gonna, We gonna shoot for the stars. And, we land on the moon. We're still pretty high up.


Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. If you can't find it in a city or state near you, we, we have it in stock. Go to our e-commerce site and we'll ship it right to your home. You can also follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat guys, we release some T-shirts, obviously about LA last week. Events tonight is the last night. You'll be able to purchase those tomorrow at noon is officially over. So thank God for that. The there will not be available tomorrow after no 80 four.com.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat and that'll be the end of that. Thankfully, the Texans beat the Bears. 1913 Chiefs beat the Bengals 26 25 on a walk off field boat goal by Buckner the Saints Torch, the Cowboys 44 19, the Ravens fall, the oh and two as they lose to the Raiders. 26 23 and Cali Murray. They do a job. He got Marvin Harrison Jr. Involved early as they win 41 to 10 over the Rams. The Vikings beat the 49 er to improve the two and oh. And Justin Fields leaves the Steelers over the Broncos as they go to 2.0.


That concludes Nightcap. I'm unc, he's ocho. We're done. See you tomorrow. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion league match, live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us, and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five, or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 Sea-Doo models and find what you've been searching for. See do Find your water. Visit sea dew.com or find a dealer near you.


Starbucks iced apple crisp oat milk, shaken espresso made with blonde espresso, creamy oat milk, and spiced apple flavors. It's nice crisp sip. You can enjoy all autumn long. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.