
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? And You'll never know who will drop by to join us. Yeah. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB starting on February 4th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at drafting the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G Network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to another episode of Nightcap presented to you by Boost Mobil. I am ocho, the Liberty City Legend and he is Uncle Shannon Sharp. How was that? How was that? Yeah. Thank you guys. Welcome to another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the Nationwide 5G network Today. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, that guy, the Liberty City legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bon of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys for your continued support. Please, please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. And what better way to celebrate 2025 than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find a bottle, a bar can, you cannot find it, any city or state near you. Order it. We'll ship it directly to your home or the address to your liking. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Check out my clothing company. 84. Spelled 84. We just restocked everything used Code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off.


We've also dropped new beanies in every colors. Also, we've introduced gift cards available from $25 to $50 denominations. Take the guesswork out of it. Let someone pick something special or themselves. She's fans, Eagle fans and all NFL fans. And hey, just fans from Nightcap tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. They're on sale now. The link is pen at the top of the chat. The VIP meet and greet is officially sold out, but there's still plenty of tickets left to attend the big show. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. We've got big guests coming on, coach Prine, master P, flavor, fla, just to name a few.


We've got other NFL players that will stop by. Hopefully we'll get some of the Hall of Fame guys that will just be inducted that night. So hopefully we'll reach out to those guys that's on the list. We'll know I think in the coming days who they are. And so hopefully we'll stop, have those guys stop by as well. But I can't wait to see Coach Prime. We know Coach Prime was a fan favorite, but Master P and Flavor fla, both Nightcap and Club Shahe were both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated outstanding podcast, art, sports and Entertainment Club. Shahe was nominated outstanding podcast Society and Culture.


And myself was nominated for Entertainer Entertainer of the Year, NAACP Image Award. Please go vote for your guys on Ken Ocho and myself 'cause I was nominated for the Entertainer of the Year. Please go vote. The link is pending. Our social bios. Well, Ocho let's get off. Ooh. Not kinda the way I wanted to start it, but here we go. Six, what's wrong? What's wrong? Six massage therapists have a acute loose Raven kicker Justin Tucker of inappropriate behavior during massage sessions in the article published by the Baltimore banner, the incidents allegedly took place in between 2012, 2016 and the Baltimore area.


Tucker has denied allegations which spanned his first five seasons in the NFL. The league said today they're looking into the matter. Hmm. Well listen, obviously, when that many accusers come forward with all of 'em have somewhat of the same story where there smoke there fire. Huh? Where there smoke, there fire. And, and one of the things that, that I don't like, and obviously they, they do it for their own reasons, but waiting so long, if they, if it, if the issues happened that long ago, I'm not sure why we waited this long for it to come out. I think maybe he probably knew it was the issues were going to arise or come to a head. And maybe that's why his performance was, was kind lacking this year, especially from a performance standpoint.


And, and Justin Tucker. But I hope the NFL does to do justice in finding what Justin Tucker did wrong and whatever it may be. And, and, and hopefully these young ladies can find some sort of peace and, and, and closure and in, in this situation. And it, it, it's unfortunate. Yeah. I I, look, I'm gonna be like I was when the, if guys, you guys remember what I was on undisputed, and we talked about this, about the Deshaun Watson. Sometimes the mention of impropriety is enough to sway public opinion of said individual. Yes, sir.


One. But there, the gravity, I think is what, five or six of these women, I'm assuming they're women that's making these allegations at, at this point in time. That's all there are allegations aren't facts, but they are allegations that have been alleged that there were, he had been inappropriate at some point in time. I, I was reading something, maybe he rubs his genitalia. Maybe there's some un inappropriate touching. Also, I think the report said that he had been banned from several massage therapists, or they chose not to work with him anymore, as you mentioned earlier, is that 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And they're alleging very similar allegations. And that's where the seemingly, the NFL is gonna have to do their due diligence and to make sure they, they do a, a, a thorough sweep of this.


For me, I think it's only fair that Justin Tuck Tucker at this point in time deserves his innocence. He deserves to be heard. I don't know if it's gonna be civilly, I don't know if it's be criminally, but I think he deserves whatever, whatever Court decides to hear this. I right now, these are just allegations. Ocho none of these women have said, okay, we're gonna file a civil, civil case or with Right. Or the investigation has led to anything criminal. So we, let's, let's, let's just let it play out. Obviously the NFL's gonna have to do their due diligence and to make sure everything is not a good look. This is not something the NFL takes very kindly to.


Obviously we as a society need to do a, a, a, a better job of, of holding people accountable when things like this, if it's to be proven. But I think Justin Teller deserve to have his day in court, be it civil court or criminal court. I'm not willing to go and says, oh yeah, it's fact, but it doesn't look good. It's not a good look anytime someone alleges something like this. But I do believe Justin Tucker deserves to have a level of innocence until it's proven the other way. Whether it's criminal or civil. Right. It's just ocho when, when, when So many when when it's so many now. Yeah, it could be all of it. Maybe they, because a lot of times, you know, maybe, I don't know, but this is what I do know, four or five women have alleged that Justin Tucker at some point in time between the year of 2012 and 2016 was inappropriate.


Yeah. That's what we know. Anything after that is speculation at this point. Right. That, that, that's a pattern too. Unc if you think about it, you know, now when you have a problem, there's an issue of one person. That's one thing. Now their person deserves their, in their, their their their true innocence until proven guilty. Now, if you have a pattern of behavior and they're all coming from, from different people, now that's, now that's different. That's different. Yeah. Everybody ev everybody can't be lying. Huh? Everybody can't be lying. So there, there, there's an issue that lies there despite you saying, you know, he needs to have his innocence until facts are proven. But if it's happening multiple times and multiple people all have the same story, everybody can't be lying.


Everybody can't be in Cahoot At the same time. I don't, like I said, I I I, I just like, I I want it to play out whatever, whatever transpired. Give him his day in court, be it civil or criminal. Yes, sir. Let an investigation take place. I say now, now that it's out, who knows that there was an investigation that was taking place. Like you said, maybe that has something to do with the, the, the miscues that he had this year. Maybe this has been brewing maybe of the investigation. They had talked to him at some point in time. I think Justin Tucker is married now, has a kid. I'm not, I don't feel very comfortable saying, knowing, saying for certain OCHO that's the case. But I think Right.


This is what says several therapists said Tucker's behavior was so egregious that they ended his sessions early or refused to work with him again. And at two spas, management said they banned him from returning. After receiving a tip on, on January the ninth, the banner began investigating and spoke to six massage therapists who recounted troubling firsthand experience with Tucker from 2012 to 2016. The women said they had waited and wanted to tell the women said they had waited long, waited to tell their stories. And to your point, a lot of times when you have a behavior or a pattern of behavior, and we see this, a lot of times we saw what happened with the Weinstein case, say like, and a lot of times, don't you, what happens is that with one woman, it gives other women the courage to come forward.


Because sometimes it's like, they don't want to feel alone. They don't feel, because everybody gonna say this or yada yada, yada. But now you have one or you have two, you have 10, you have 15, you have 20. A lot of times people get courage in a group. Mm. They don't wanna be isolated. They don't wanna stand alone. And so obviously this, this, the newspaper, the Baltimore banner said they had been working on this story. They received a tip, they had been working on this story, and they reached out and the women started recounting what had happened going by what the report says. We don't know. I'm just not so, don't say Well, Shannon said is no, Shannon is, is, is, is commenting on what is being reported.


That they did their investigation, they received a tip that at some point in time, Justin Tucker, between the years 2012 and 2016 had been inappropriate. And I guess they reached out to those facilities where he attended. And some of the women recounted the interaction. A very uncomfortable interaction with Justin Tucker. That's it, that's what we know at this point in time. Mocho, does it look good on the surface? No, but I think, man, this is such a, you know, when you're dealing with sexual assault, that's a, that's a, that's a very, very, very, very, very serious allegation. Yeah. And like you said, it is just not one, it's multiple women recounting an interaction.


A very uncomfortable, a very inappropriate interaction with, with Justin Tucker. So I think the thing now OCHO is, okay, NFL are the Baltimore is, is law enforcement involved. Now the NFL says, okay, we're gonna do our due diligence. Yeah. What is the Baltimore Ravens do moving forward? So there's a, there's a lot of moving parts at play here. The thing that we know, Justin Tucker, the, the all world kicker for the Baltimore Ravens is being alleged that he, at some point in time in a four or five year span was inappropriate. During a massage, during a massage sections on multiple occasions, what's being reported at two spas management said they banned him from returning.


Several therapists said that Tucker's behavior was so egregious that they ended his sessions early or refused to work with him. Again, that's what's being reported. That's not o unc and OCHO making these allegations up. UNC and OCHO are responding to what's being alleged against Justin Tucker. So it's tough situation Ocho, at some point in time, I'm sure we are gonna get more information. You'll not have a better opportunity to expand or like, hey, yeah, this was, this was all to do about nothing. Or man, this is, this is, this doesn't look good. But I thought, I think it's only fair, it's only fair Ocho Yes sir.


That you and I, we talked about it just like when you came, when you and I came on, a lot of the Deshaun stuff had already died down. It had happened. He had moved to Cleveland, X, Y, and Z. But I think it's only fair that we give this the coverage. Had you and I been on the air, you and I would've had an obligation because we do talk sports, we do football. Yes, sir. Is kind of what our bread and butter. I think we would've had an obligation to say something, right. Not no guilt, no innocence, not this or matter of fact all X, y, and Z. But to have some conversation on the surface level. And then once more information comes out, we can do a deeper, deeper dive.


Yeah. Listen, just, just, just from what you read, I mean, you, you, you, you know, you know what the play is. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna leave it. I'm gonna leave it at that, you know. Alright, well we're gonna leave it at that.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe. And a subject to monthly limits timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, like when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd na Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's any challenge script with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run. Mike McCarthy in tenure with the Dallas Cowboys came to an end in part because he couldn't agree to terms on the new contract, but it hadn't been clear until now exactly what the difference was between the two sides per ESPN's. Todd Archer, Jerry Jones didn't waiver on the offer over three years while McCarthy was seeking a five year deal. Jerry's actions and some of his comments seem to suggest he's not interested in playing the top tier market money or head coach.


He didn't make things any better by saying that Brian Schottenheimer introductory press conference as the new cowboys head coach, that was a bigger risk as you can take. Now Schottenheimer was able to negotiate a four year deal from Jones to get the job. But the question is though, Joe, here is the Question. Years for me is unimportant. Right? Money, what matter? Right? Okay. Mike McCarthy wanted a five year deal, right? Jerry wanted to give him a three year deal. But in the process of the three year deal, how much is the money worth? If I get a five ocho if you, you say, well Shannon, I'll give you a five year deal, but I'm only gonna give you three and a half million a deal or, or I'll give you a three year deal.


Considering Mike McCarthy's gonna want somewhere between seven and $10 million. Jerry don't want to go there. So Right. He split the difference with Brian Schottenheimer. But even in the four year deal, he probably paid less than what he is going Give Mike McCarthy the three year deal because like he said, there's risk involved. Anytime there's risk involved. Ocho, what? I gotta mitigate some of that risk financially. What do You think? Obviously, I I I don't, I don't think you wanna mitigate the risk with the person being the leader of men, not the head coach. That's who you wanna mitigate the risk.


If, if you wanna mitigate the risk you doing the other positions, you already mitigated the shit when Derrick Henry should have been there in the first place. The risk you need to take, you're not taking and the risk you need to take. You're not taking either, especially with the head, with the head coach. Yes, the officer. What you telling me is you don't believe in me anytime. You don't want a player anytime. You don't wanna pay a player. What is that telling that player? You know, we don't see value in you. Okay. You don't wanna pay Mike McCarthy. What are you telling Mike McCarthy? He wants a five year deal. You say no, no, he wants, he wants a five year deal. You say a three year deal. So he wanna under bind demand, basically let him know you feel the same way other owners feel about certain players that they don't see value or feel that they can get the job done.


'cause if you felt Mike McCarthy get the job done, you want what? 3, 4, 5. It don't matter what you want here. Matter of fact, we gonna give you a blank check. Do what you need to do. That's basically letting me know. Jerry doesn't even feel confident enough about his team regardless to who he brings in there. I ain't paying him anyway. 'cause I don't think we have a team adequate enough to compete at a level why I need to be paying, paying a coach top dollar. Well, he doesn't feel he needs to pay top dollar. Why? Because he has a, he he's the cowboy. He, it's it's the Cowboys. But that, that's another problem. Well, that, that's, that's the, that's always been the problem. If you go back and study at OO, everybody has said, and Jerry has said he doesn't feel it's, it should be you should be, you should give him a discount.


Just like he believes all the players should give him a discount. Why? Because that's the Dallas Cowboys. That's how he feels. He's made that abundantly clear. It's not working. Huh? You can't, you can't, you can't live on the pass, huh? I mean Jerry Jones is basically Al Bundy. Jerry Jones is basically Al Bundy. Hulk High School. I scored three touchdowns in one game. That's all it is. You won Super Bowls back in the nineties, it's 2025. We're still living off what you did all the way back in, all the way back then. Jerry Jones is basically Al Bundy all over again. In reality, I feel sorry for the fans.


I feel sorry for the player. It's not fair. Change comes about two different ways. Someone wants to change or someone is forced to change. Well, you're not forcing him. That ain't happening. You're not forcing no to do not that happen. Ocho why would I change anything? And I'm still of the most profitable franchise in the NFL. Wanna Change What? 'cause you wanna win. You wanna win? What do I what If I get, if I win, do am I gonna to get more? So I'm making 300 million. Now you tell me if I win, I'm gonna win four. Get 400 million.


Absolutely no. Everything increase. If your brand is ordered, what your brand is and you not winning. Imagine what happens if you do win. Lemme ask you a question. Are the chiefs, are the chiefs winning getting 400 million for winning? No. So Jerry doesn't see, Jerry doesn't see, he doesn't. Even with The winning, even with the winning though, UNC even with the winning the cheese brand will never be anything like the Cowboys. You historically. Never. Never. You they can, they can be 10. And guess the Cowboys will, And guess who else knows that Jerry? So he said, even if I don't win my brand still gonna be 10 times bigger than y'all. Yeah. I I I see what you mean. I see what you mean. But I'm, I'm, I'm looking, I'm looking at it from a different, different perspective.


If I, if I'm Jerry Jones, this, I'm talking about me now. Hell, you let me, let me own the goddamn Dallas Cowboys. I'm going to be operating and copying everything. I see Jeffrey Lu do everything I see Harry Roseman do. I'm paying attention. This is the copycat league when it comes to head coaches taking plays from other teams when they, when they get ready to play a team and they see things that worked on them, okay, I'm see how, I see how Howard Roseman does this. Okay? I see how he, he gets these acquisitions. I see how he drafts. So I'm gonna copycat that and put together, put together my own team, getting the right pieces, understanding what I need, what works for what. Okay, this fits here. Okay, that fits here.


Why not do that instead of worrying about a brand? And just because your brand is strong, historically strong and will always be strong. How about be the businessman that you are and find ways to, until you making more money, even more than you make it now. But Here's the thing, Ocho, if I pay top dollar, that comes out of, because what I want to do is I want to decrease cost in any business. The objective is to decrease costs and increase profitability. That is, that's it. I want to spend less while making more That, that doesn't work in football. Huh? That doesn't work in football. You Notice I didn't say the thing about winning.


It happens every so often in baseball. You know that, right? Yes. Every so often. For some reason, the team that has You get the Kansas City Royals that to get up there. Bingo. Or you'll get a team like the Marlins Back then in 97 And in two th I think in 2000, 2003 also. So you'll get a, oh, So you go get a team, like you said, the age, going to the playoffs where theyve spent very little but in business cost profit margins, Right? I need, I need cost to be here. I need profit to be up there. Oh Joe, if I'm paying 10, $15 million for a head coach, then I gotta have all these other coaches.


Remember it's reported that Jerry wanted to cut some of the coaching staff 'cause I want profit margins to be high. That's how businesses Operate. Jerry. And you would think, man, but here's the thing. You want to like, I wanna be in a situation where I can win a championship. Jerry has foregone that Jerry does not want to win a championship. He does. Lemme take that back. Jerry wants to win, but I wanna win my way. See, I would rather lose my way than win somebody else's. Right? You see ocho So that's what Jerry is with his thinking. He's like, Ocho understand why pay a coach 10 million, 15 million when I can pay one 5 million.


'cause I know there's only one of 32. He's very fortunate to have this opportunity. I'm gonna make 300 million. Whether I got a $5 million coach or I got a $20 million coach. That does not change. Jerry Jones is operating with outdated software in a new era, in a new age. Yes. Everybody else, everybody else on iPhones and Jerry using the beeper. Yeah. Everybody else using the Android, the NFL, all the other owners using the Android. You mean the iPhone?


I'm I'm just saying I, Android, iPhone. I was using the, using another analogy. Okay. Jerry using a sidekick. Yeah. Outdated. Everything he doing is outdated. Yes. And the, and the results are showing up year in and year out. Matter of fact, the results have been the same for the past, what? 27, 37 years. Oh, Joe, Look at the business model with Chick-fil-A, whether they're in a stadium, whether they're in an airport, what is the one thing that happens? They're closed on Sunday. They don't lose any more business people like, well, if y'all not gonna open on Sunday, I ain't gonna come on Saturday.


Honestly, shouldn't nobody be eating Chick-fil-A anyway. I I don't know what they should be, but I'm just trying to give you the, I'm just trying to give you an example. So Jerry is saying, ah, Uhuh Uhuh. Jerry wants to win his way. Yeah, I'd rather, I would rather lose my way than win someone else's. How many times we see that? Yeah, you see that in the relationship. You know what you need to do to save it. Nah, but somebody else, somebody else recommended that. That's not my original idea. That's not my part. So since I didn't come up with it, the hell with it. That's what Jerry is saying. Jerry felt this way.


Everybody knows it. Jerry even knows it. That's why he fired Jimmy. He have somebody getting all this credit. Like he said, he bought this occupation. Can't tell me how to do, how you gonna pay all that money for a house Ocho somebody tell you if you stack boxes up in your house, yes, my ish. How you gonna tell me? Come on Ocho, take the trash out. Come on Ocho, don't wear your shoes in the house. Come on Ocho, clean the dick. Get the dishes outta the sink. Come on Ocho. Now you know, better gonna be like, who took those hits? Who's working all these jobs?


Who's running from pillar to pole kill you And you think you gonna tell me? So Jerry said, who bump this team? Who won this? That's how he thinks. And unfortunately he's not gonna win because of it, because he thinks he know. See Jerry, Jerry doesn't see Jerry is under the premise. He's the smartest guy in the room. And nobody's gonna tell him if if he, if he's the smartest guy in the room, then he's in the wrong room. Yeah, he's in the wrong room. I built the room though, Ocho I was, I built a room.


That was a good one. And that's the thing. You and I under the, I'm under the operation, I can go somewhere. A I don't wanna be the smartest guy. I need somebody to be able to protect my blind spots. I don't know how you operate a car with no mirrors. There's one rear view side. There's a reason they protect your blind spots. Because if you have to do this all the time, you might slam in the back of somebody. But if you look under, take a click, a quick glance, or you look at the side down somebody, Clark can't get over there right now because now they got the sensor you see in your mirror. Oh, can't do that. So somebody's right there.


But that's not how Jerry operates. Jerry's had monetary success when Jerry purchased this team Ocho, he wasn't a billionaire. Nah, now he's many, many times over that. And Ocho, man, it's hard to tell somebody something different when they've had success doing it that way, right? How you tell somebody how you tell somebody, girl, you need to start a young lady making 300,000 a year, Dan exotic dancing or somebody making two, $3 million a year. Only fans. How, how, how you, how you give 'em a stop o Like a drug.


Huh? Huh? Yeah, you're right. That life. Good. That, that's exactly right. So you have a problem with him not pay or him trying to always undermine his coaches. What, what's your, what's o Cho's biggest issue with Jerry Jones? Well, just under undermining. Undermining obviously. Listen, when it's time to play, when it's time to play the players, you already pay the players late. You play 'em late. They miss training camp. They miss mini camp. They always come in two weeks before the season get ready to start. You know, fortunate enough, C Lamb didn't get hurt until later on in the season when it was time for Dak to get paid. You waited for Dak when it was time for Ezekiel Elliot to get paid Eze, he and Cabo working out in Cabo when the goddamn sand, instead of being in training camp, getting ready for the season with his teammates.


Everything is always long and drawn out to keep the attention focused on the Cowboys. If you're serious about winning, if you're serious about competing, especially for a Lombardi trophy, which you haven't shown in what, 30 some years, however long it's been, you know? And why do you think Michael Parsons came out and said what he said in, in the middle of the season or maybe sometimes towards the end of the season. Let's get us, let's get, see I sum to the, to the fact of getting paid early so I can be Get this thing done. Yeah, Let's get it done so I can be at everything. You know, that's, that's letting you know the player shouldn't have to say that. The player shouldn't have to be one saying that you should be the one to take owners and want to have everybody in. If you're serious about competing or trying to win or changing and making sure this season coming up doesn't look like last season.


I mean that, that, that, that's all. And then, you know, undermining the coaches and it's, it's, it's, it's, it's ridiculous. I I I want to run the business. I want him to make his money. But the Cowboys fans, they deserve it. The players deserve it for him to run it. Like the hunts for him to run that show, like the roonie for him to run that show. Like, who, who owns the, the Hunts, the Rooneys Hunts on the Chiefs. The Rooneys own the Steelers. Oh, Oh, okay. Hold on, hold on. Like Howie Jeffrey Lure was the Jeffrey Lure owns the Eagles, but Howie Roseman.


Yeah. Oh, yo. Do people realize they cheap? Do you see how they run that, that ship over there? Man, think about it. They have they been three years. How many times has Jalen Jalen? Two times They've been to football twice in three years. Twice in three years, huh? Twice. In three years. Look at how they navigate and operate. Everything getting the players they need understanding. Matter of fact, the team is young. Yeah, The team was old the First time he went to the Super Bowl. It looked like almost everybody's gone. Almost everybody's gone. The defense is completely revamped. Yeah. And they right back again.


They right back again for a reason. Yep. Success. It starts at the top and it trickles on down, down. It starts with Jerry. But see, until he, the way he operates, it's gonna always be the Same. But Jerry can't admit he would when he is wrong. You see just out Joe, you remember when Chip Kelly came? Jeffrey Lu demoted how Roseman turned everything over to Chip couple of years. He gets rid of Chip, bring Howie's back, bring Howie Roseman back. Admitted he made a mistake. Yeah.


Now look at it. Jalen Carter, Jordan Davis, Kobe Dean will the, the defensive end from Georgia Saquon drafting Jalen Hurtz when you just gave all that money to Carson Wentz, Devonte Smith, AJ Brown resigned, lane Johnson, Landon Dixon, ma Lata, that's not an accident. Ocho they let, they let Gardner Johnson go, they bring him back. Right? The Cooper de John Mitchell Blanketship.


That's not an accident. Jerry never admit he's wrong. He'll never admit that he he was wrong in firing Jimmy. Never. But it is what it is. Now, Bill's general manager Brandon Bean says he still believes Josie Allen converted on fourth down and nothing has changed his mind. Even after speaking with the league, let's take a listen to the sound. It's frustrating. You know, there's only so much I can say, you know, I don't, you know, we, we worked with the league to try to get clarity and, and I'll give them credit.


They've, they've taken our calls, they've sent video and things like that. I just, you know, I wish, you know, if you're talking about like the fourth downplay that was, you know, I'm, I feel like he, you know, he got that and I still feel like he got that. I felt that in the moment. And I, no, nothing has changed my mind on, on that. Oh, Joe. Yes sir. Would this be the play at some point in time? The bill gonna have to move on wide at some point there.


There's nothing the league can do. They didn't feel he got it. Now everybody wanna come outta all this technology and all of this. Look, they keep making rules for the bills. I remember when Patrick Mahomes did not touch the football in overtime. They didn't change the rules. It happens at what about change the play. Hey Josh, instead of going left, go right. Instead of trying to Josh do this, hey, hand the ball up to the running band. Can you do something other than the same play six times? Okay, my bad. Four times. Right? Remember you got stepped on the goal line? Remember? I they tried it on the goal line. You got stopped. Stop.


Yeah. Hey, you, you know what's funny? The bills, I might be a little off on the stat. Josh Allen, I think he ran it Quarterback sneak during the regular season, if I'm not mistaken. He might've been in the totality for the whole season. I could be wrong. Chad, stay with me. Andy, someone, someone could correct me in the chat. I think they, they got all of them. Josh Allen quarterback runs, scripted runs and got a first down except two. They've only been stopped two times. And that was on FC championship game.


Yes. That's the two times of all times when you to get stopped, the only team to stop him twice after having so much success throughout the entire end of the season, nobody was able to stop you. The two times to get stopped is goddamn Kansas City Chiefs in the most important goddamn game. And he would've had the first down if the ball wasn't at his yes at his chest. Because if he extended it, oh, that, that, but he knocking that ball out for sure he couldn't extend it because he's in the trenches. Right. You wasn't, you, you weren't past the stick. He wasn't past the stick. They showed every angle they could possibly see.


They did every angle. He wasn't past it. Right. But he couldn't, if he was able to extend the ball, he would've had it. But he couldn't because you know, if he put it out, that ball was coming out. Absolutely Not with all them damn linemen right there. No. And here and the call on the field, the official, the mark that they went with, he marked him short. Now had he given him the first down, there was nothing to indicate he didn't have it. Mm. I don't know. And that's the thing, more times than not, they go with it unless it's egregious. People are like, well the guy on the far side, the guy really all those bodies, he can't see what that ball is.


The guy that's right here on the side, judge Ocho, he looking right down. He looking. Yeah, Look at you right down the barrel. You, you know, you know what I can say, what's that? And, and, and I wanna, I'm, I'm thinking about this, I think about the nineties, right? Think about George. You think about the Bulls, you think about the Celtics. You think about the Lakers. Think about the, the run the New York Yankees had. You think about the run to Brady and Bill Belichick had in that a FC. Right now, the chiefs are going to always be in contention, but at what point will Lamar, Joe Burrow or Josh Allen have their Berger moment or their Joe Flaco moment?


You, you, you get where I'm going with this? Yeah, because it was, it was always dominated by Brady. Yes. But in those years, oh shit. Flocko finally got one. Oh shit. Ben Berger finally got one. At some point in the next decade, Josh Allen's gonna win a Super Bowl At some point, Joe Burrow's gonna win a Super Bowl at some point. I don't know when, when you slay, when you slay the beast, that is the Kansas City Chiefs, Lamar Jackson will get a Super Bowl and just at what, at what point and what year will it happen because the chiefs, Andy Reed and Patrick Mahomes ain't going nowhere. And just at what time are they gonna have their Ben Rothberg or their Joe f Flaco moment where this is their year.


But if you go back and look at that, somebody knocked Tom off. Only Joe f Flaco beat him. Yeah. When Tom lost that Peyton Manning beat him. When Ben Berger won him, Joe Jake Plummer knocked that big band. So who's go, who is it now? We saw Joe do it one time. We saw Tom do it and we saw Joe do it normally what's gonna, what happens more times than not, they went to, if I'm not mistaken, the Patriots went to 13 a FC title games. That's, that's crazy. They lost four. Pat Baltimore beat him once.


Denver beat him twice and he beat him once. So Peyton beat him three times. Joe f Flaco beat him once the other nine times they didn't get him. Yeah. That's Crazy. So somebody, somebody had to knock him off in order for you to get, for you to get there. Somebody had to, so all that stuff to beat the man, you gotta beat the man. Nah, I'll beat the man to beat the man if I need to. Damn that. Yeah. It's, it's, go ahead. It's gonna be an interesting decade. Patrick Mahomes is only 28, 29 if I'm not mistaken. I think he's 29.


He's Going 29. He's going to play another decade. Yes. Lamar will be there. Josh Allen will be there. Joe Burrow will be there At some point. Somebody can have to play the dragon. The NFC. The NFC ain't a NFC. It is not as Quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. I I mean some good quarterbacks, but they ain't dominant. You can quarterbacks, they ain't got no Mahomes. You know what, they don't have a four headed muscle like the goddamn a FC. No, For sure. Absolutely not. They have, they have good quarterbacks. Now I'm not, I'm not saying they don't have quarterbacks. I'm saying they don't have the four headed muscles like they do in the a ffc. True. I I, I don't know. I'm I'm it, it is gonna be an interesting, interesting decade. But they're gonna get there. Josh Allen's gonna get one.


Lamar Jackson is gonna get one. Joe Burrow's gonna get one. It's just all about win. I don't know when, 'cause Mahomes and Andy Reed ain't going the way. What happens every year? You got the draft, you got off, off season acquisitions, you every team continues to get better. Well hell, the same thing happened when Bill and Tom was together. Every other team was also getting better. But as long as that goddamn centerpiece was always there in place, oh we good. That's the joker. Long as long as 15 is there, they gonna be good. I don't know. That's tough man. Yeah, because when you look at it, not a whole lot of, not a whole lot of guys won. I mean Tom and the A FCI mean you gotta think about how many Tom went.


Tom was in the a was in the a c for 20 years, 13 times he's in the a FC championship game 13. You know, it's funny again, and when, when you talk about those numbers, people look at it and say, oh it's Tom Brady or it's the Patriots. Oh, that's normal. I don't think people understand how difficult that is. Yeah. I don't Think they understand how difficult it is for them to dominate the A FC East continually year in and year out. No matter what happened. No matter what happened, no matter what the Dolphins did, no matter what the Jets did, no matter what Buffalo did, they dominated the AFC East every god damn year. Yeah. But if you go back and look at it for like, think about it, the Patriots all those years they was in the A FC championship.


Now they didn't win. They lost to Baltimore. They lost to the Broncos and then they go and then they lose to the Broncos. And it's the Patriots and the Patriots and then it's been the Chiefs. Yeah. So one of the, either the Patriots for like maybe 15 years ocho, it's either been the Patriots or the Chiefs in the AFC championship game. One of those team teams have been in the a FC championship game. Right. Man, Hey, I know it seems like, hey, they gonna win one. Ain't no get they said that same thing about Philip Rivers. He gonna to get one.


He gonna get one. He ain't get one. A lot of things man. A lot of things gotta go right. It's a long season. Long Injuries. You gotta avoid the injuries. I mean, think about it. They just got Hollywood back. Xavier worthy stepped up when Rasheem Rice went out. They lose Pacheco. But Kareem Hunt started out in that system, was a available, he comes in, think about it, think about what they drafted, left tackle. Both of 'em failed. They say, Joe, bro, we know you are all star. You know, you're all pro left guard. Can you kick out the tackle? He goes to tackle, boom, solidifies it.


Lot of things. Gotta go with the defense has been solid all year. Coming up with timely plays, sacks, batted down balls, turnovers. And now you getting the offense start to churn a little bit. Ocho do you realize Sunday was the First time the chief scored 30 points or Yeah. Yeah. They haven't been the offensive ju out we're used to seeing before. They, they're, they're very, very methodical. They loyal you to sleep. What'd they do? Dunking all dicking and dunking all the way down the field. Ain't that many big plays happening Like it was when Tariq was there.


Can you, can you get done what you need to get done when you absolutely gotta habit it? Have it They needed 30. They needed 30, they got it. Yeah. Because that's the mark of, I don't care how great your offense is, how great your defense is. Yeah. If your defense is great, can you get off the field? Can you get a stop when you absolutely gotta have it. If your offense is what you believe it is, we scored 30 plus points. We landed in third down conversion. Can you get in field goal range? Can you get a touchdown? Can you stay on the field when you absolutely have to, because if you can't, it doesn't matter what you finished in the regular season because we throw all those stats out right now.


You gotta have it. And for the most part, when the chiefs need a play, go back and look at Patrick Mahomes when he needs a play. He needs the ball. The ball is in my hands and I need to go get a field goal. The tie, I need a field goal to win it or I need a touchdown the tide, or I need a touchdown to win it. Go check out many times and see he's failed. You gonna be surprised? Oh yeah.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt, felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL general manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL history? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy, athletes first, CEO we're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shock waves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Tango, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to The Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down, stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the Postseason Run.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Berk here today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, perky. That's sure. To ka a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ojo Troy, Ima says the NFL owes his fans who gamble on football to make sure the refs make the right calls. Now, all of a sudden, o right call says, money is on the table now all of a sudden, yeah, Troy want the ref to be perfect. So I mean the ref. So, so now Ocho, since he's away from the game, make the ref be perfect, right? Troy, were they perfect when you played? Bro, y'all need to stop. There's a lot of money that's changing hands with these calls I think we owed to the fans to that We get it right and think that we're at the point where sometimes we can, so we gonna get every call.


Right. You, you know what, I like that you just said that technology is so advanced we shouldn't get no damn calls wrong. Yes. You? So what about the holding, what about the holding calls in? Okay, they got 80, they got, they got 2 million goddamn cameras in the stadium on game day. Every angle you could think of every angle you could think of the game's long enough. Ojo, I don't want no four hour game Course you gonna get. So you want, you want, you want start, make everything reputable. How long you make a game's gonna last you. Right? But I'm just saying, think about, think about when they go, when they challenge something.


Ocho. Yes, sir. Think about when you challenge something, how long it take them. They go to commercial. At least they gonna get, they gonna to get at least three of them three commercials off. Yeah. And now, you know, you know what we can do, right? What we can put a time, we can put a timer to shorten those goddamn calls off. Put a time on the ref. You got this amount of time to go to review it and get back on the field to get, to keep the game going. Keep the momentum going. He says what, what? A just, just think, just thinking about it. We have, I mean, dude, we are so far advanced from a, from, from a, a tech. Technolo. Technolo. Wait a minute.


Technological technical standpoint. Technical standpoint. There should, there should be no, no calls should be wrong. Now, obviously from the naked eye at fast speed or fast tempo, sometimes the rest can get it wrong. Sometimes the refs can get it wrong. You know, sometimes the rough in the passers, you know, and, and, and that Will Anderson hit on, on Pat Mahome. But Pat, you know Yeah. That, that's that item. I don't think that was, I don't think that was rough in the pass. Huh? It wasn't, you know, that that was the chess plate. That was the chess plate. But, but if, if we think, think for one second that every official in every sport is gonna get every call, right. We're De delusional.


That's Yeah. That's impossible. And guys and athletes that have played the game, they're delusional because now they're pandering. Troy knows damn well people gambled on the game when he played. Yeah. They didn't get every call. Right. It's impossible. There's no such thing as we got. Guess what? We got every call right in the game. I guarantee you there are calls that we like, man, that was a very well officiated game. The NFL can go back and says, you missed that holding call. You missed that trip, you missed that face mask. It happens. Yeah. Now, because you know what it is now. Josh Allen, their fa favorite didn't get to go.


Patrick Mahomes going again. Now it's an issue. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, I, I know we, I know we had Bills fans here, y'all yet coming, you ain't gotta worry about it, it's just about when it's coming. I just, Lamar your year is coming. Bengals fans, we'll be back. Hey, I, it's just, it's just a matter of time of win. Just a matter of time. And another thing also with, with the ref too. On the refs want to get, want the refs wanna to get the calls right. You know, chat people, people that they're watching, people that are listening the ref wanna get a call, right? 'cause you know, as a group, you know why the ref wanna to get the highest grade possible Coach, the super Rep, the Super Bowl red playoff game, Bingo, you know, all, all that.


They, they, the refs are graded. Yes. They, they, they wanna work those playoff game. They wanna work the Super Bowl game. You know, the better their grades are as far as it goes from make getting, making the right calls to seeing the right calls, hell, they get opportunities to make some money in the playoffs. You know, since those, since those people bet a lot of money, they deserve that these players don't make mistakes that the quarterback doesn't throw interceptions. That the ro receivers and running backs and quarterback don't fumble the football and the dbs and everybody don't get past interference. Since we're going for perfection, why not have the players have perfection? I just hate this pandering because I've seen a, I've seen a lot of, I've see a lot of people now all of a sudden, oh, or Josh, oh, I feel so bad for him when they never felt bad for any other quarterback.


I ain't hear nobody say, man, I feel so bad for Peyton Manning. I feel so bad for Steve McNair that he, oh, he just keep, he just keep coming up short. And all these guys look at Jim Kelly went and lost four times. Ain't nobody Sergeant for Jim, Right? John El went, went and got his Ivy in and ain't nobody feels sorry. Now all of a sudden we feeling sorry for Josh Allen. Wow. And now, now we getting guys, oh, I want to see the NFL. I wanna see these reps get a call. Right? So they gonna get, so they gonna get every call, right? Hey, Man, stop all that pandering.


It's okay. NFL do the best they possibly can. It's not I, I, look, I get this, the script they done had the script then. Oh, look at the color. Look at the colors of the Super Bowl. They red bro. They done put these colors in, man. Y'all know. How long in advance do you understand the undertaking that it takes to do something on the scale of the Super Bowl ocho? Do people have any idea? Yeah. Takes months. Do people understand the idea of what it takes for us just to do our little show to go from stadium, let alone Get something that Big 50,000 hotel rooms get the teams point A to point B man, they need to stop this.


Man. IJII just hate this pandering. I just hate this, this, this, this pity party for Josh Allen. It just happened. Josh Allen. If Josh Allen don't win, ain't nobody say, oh, I feel sorry for Dan Marino. Who? Sorry for Dan Troy. You, I, I never heard Troy, but they need to get them calls right? When you beating the hell outta Jim Kelly and them Super Bowls, man, they, they need to stop this. I hate this pandering. Have they missed calls? They make it seem like now Ocho this in this game was the only time officiating somebody missed a call. Yeah, I hate that they missed calls before.


Go back and look at this male rero. He caught a touchdown against the Steelers. He got both feet in. They said no, the Steelers wouldn't have been to the Super Bowl. And I just, man, let me move on because the more I think about it, more upset I get the LA Rams faced several questions in their roster for 2025 season, including whether Matthew Stafford will return for his 17th season after the Rams playoff lost to the Eagles. Stafford said that he would take some time to think about his future. Well it didn't take long. According to Rappaport, Stafford has told the Rams he's planning on returning next season. Ocho who's surprised by this, Stafford is due to make 27 million.


He's gonna want more than 27 million. He's gonna want a contract extension. He deserve it. He's earned it. I can't even argue that. I can't even, I can't even argue the fact is there better option than Matthew right now as a backup? No, absolutely not. So him deserving, yes, I'm with you on that two year, three year. What we talking about? What kind of money we looking at? Well, he scheduled to make 27 million. What's the going rate, you know the going rate 50 plus. Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. 50 plus.


I'm saying that's the going rate. I know it's the going rate, but all the staff, This is 17th season. He came out early, so he's probably what, 36, 37. You paying a 37-year-old quarterback? 57 million. I'll give him, I'll give him three years. I give him, I'll give him three years. 102. I give him 40. Okay, now that's feasible. That's, that's feasible. Doesn't put, it doesn't put us in salary cap. Ha You know, if anything obviously him asking or getting 50 million that, that, that messes up thing for Kub Ka, who is gonna have to take, take a pay cut Or move On Then you got, you got, you got one more year.


You got one more year proving the cool up. Yeah. You, you gotta go see about him and you gotta see about that God verse. You gotta see about verse Oh, you got with verse, you got at least you got two more years with verse. Oh, this is rookie. That's right. That's right. Yeah, rookie. And, and the other guy on the other side is rookie. Well them boys nice. Oh, For sure Boy. Them boys. Nice. Oh, But I, I'm not surprised Ocho because he's playing too. Well, I mean, it's not like he was struggling. I mean you look at the, you look at the game, right? The game against the, the Eagles, he threw the ball and in that weather he threw for over 300 in the snow.


In the snow. And, and, and, and, and had they not turned the balls over as much as they did give Philly credit, Philly did, does a great job of getting the ball out. They do a great job of punching it. Yeah. They clearly, they practiced that He never punch. Yes. Yeah. But I'm not, I don't like the man's playing, still playing at a, at a, at a very high level. Yeah. That man ain't walking away from that kind of money. Ocho No, absolutely not. Absolutely Not. And and if winning it's not. Yeah, it's, it's a lot easier to walk away Ocho even when the money's on the table when you lose it. Yeah. Hell, we, we, We still guy complaining right now about not winning and he won the highest paid receivers in the NFL ain't don't joke.


Oh yeah, yeah. Staff. Staff gonna be all hell, they almost won that game. If he hadn't threw that ball wide, the PO naco at the end. Yep. He could do it wide outbounds. He didn't give him a chance. 100% of the balls that's thrown out by other incomplete 100% of mojo and on fourth down, who cares if it's accepted? Give a guy a chance, Gotta give him a chance. Damn. Gotta gimme a chance. As matter of fact not to be ruled, but the ball would've been complete because the DB was in position trying to make sure who could didn't get in front of him or get, didn't get behind him.


Yeah. Like I say, get get, give your guy an opportunity. I always got upset Ocho when guys throw the ball out of bounds. Okay, you going forward on the two on, on fourth down or you going for the last player of the game, why you throwing it outta bounds? Who can do you get an interception? Just like I hated guys would, would check the ball down on the Hail Mary right before the half OCHO because they ain't wanna mess up the completion percentage. Right. Man, throw the damn ball in the end zone. Give him a chance The hell you checking it down for like that man gonna break 70, 72 tackles and go 85 go 55 yards, man, throw damn down bad, don't you? I get so bad when I see guys check the ball down because they don't wanna mess up their completion percentage or don't wanna throw an interception and throw that damn ball in the end zone.


That's funny. O Joe. Yeah. Even though most NFL players would consider a Super Bowl to be the ultimate prize in the sports, it doesn't mean all of them would give up their individual achievements if it meant they could hold the suit Lombardi trophy. One example Cam Newton Cam said on first take this morning that he would not give up his 2015 MVP award if it went winning a Super Bowl. Ocho what do you think about this? I mean, everybody's different. I think everybody would want a Super Bowl, but I think Cam wouldn't wanna give it up because it's a, it is a individual accomplishment that that that he was able to achieve. And I think Super Bowl obviously is a, is a, is a team accomplishment, but everyone would want a Super Bowl.


But you can't, you can't say his preference on what he would do is wrong or what he would want is wrong or him not wanting to change one for the other because that's just his personal preference and his opinion. What, what you think about it, UNC? Because if I, if I had, if I had the, the opportunity, let's say to win the Super Bowl with the Patriots that that 2011 year I would, I I would, I would love to have a ring. You know, it'd be cool, it would be cool to say, Hey, I'm a Super Bowl champion. I mean even though the ring would probably collecting dust somewhere and I probably would've lost it, it would've been cool to say, you know, it'd been nice on the resume, it would look good. You know, That's really tough OCHO Yeah.


Because on one hand yeah. Can being the first overall pick him winning the MVP signifies he's the best player in the league, but that year had the best year. Super Bowl MVP means that you played the best in that game. I get what he's saying. Everybody doesn't view it the same. Right? It's like, oh Joe, some people like they and I get, I, this is what I get asked Shannon, if you didn't, would you give up your hall of Fame ring to win a Super Bowl? And my response, well I don't have to make that choice 'cause I have both, but some people don't have both.


Some people got in the Hall of Fame but didn't win a Super Bowl. Some people won a Super Bowl but didn't get into the Hall of Fame. The MVP is different because the MVP is about one one season. The Hall of Fame is about your, your your your your your body of work over a period of time and 50 men and women, most of that have never played a professional sport says, based on our knowledge of the game, what we see, we think this guy's worthy of football hit. Right.


Ooh, That's tough. Yeah. Yeah. Every everybody views it differently. You, you'd have to look at what Cam is viewed at Cam is a multiple time Pro Bowl player. Now if he is just a guy that won a Super Bowl and never went to a Pro Bowl, Right, It's easy. It's easy. Like okay, but mm. Tom Brady, I had a conversation with Tom Brady on there. If y'all remember Tom said he can give up one to two Super Bowls to win that set that undefeated season. Oh, that's, Tom said I give up one or two over.


He's like you. Yeah, Yeah. See Tom being greedy, g Greedy. I think Ocho I think I look at it like this Cam is never gonna be right because they're never gonna let Cam live down. He didn't jump on that fumble. Yeah, E because guess what, even if he said yes, I would give up my Super Bowl MVP, I'll give up my MVP trophy to win a Super Bowl. Everybody gonna say, why don't you jump on that fumble to show us? You see? Right. You know, that's what they gonna go to. Don't you? Because I was reading some of the comments now that explains why Cam didn't jump on the fumble.


He's more concerned about individual Awards, can't win for losing. I mean, there are guys that have won the Super Bowl that are not better than some of the guys that didn't, there are some Super Bowl MVPs. So you telling me San Antonio Holmes is better than Larry Fitzgerald because he has Super Bowl MVP? Is that what you're telling me? Are we sure about that ocho Right? Are we sure. So Cooper Kub won Super Bowl MVP, he better than Randy Moss. He better than Teo.


Man, stop. Look, everybody wants to win a championship, but we, but see, what we've done now is that we put such emphasis on winning a championship that if a guy doesn't win, not he'll bum, there ain't no in between you either great. Or you a bum. Well, damn, what about all that space in between? Right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, I don't think, guys don't try to go out. I I think a lot of guys wanna win everybody. Ocho if everybody could win a championship, what is the effing value? Right? That's what makes it, that's what makes a championship significant. So if every, just think about if every great player, every good player won a championship on yo, what is the value in a championship, right?


And it's, it's so, it's so damn difficult to get there. And now everybody now, now we done got social media and everybody chiming in and everybody this and that. It's just like I said, cam would, if Cam would've said, hell yeah, I give, I give I to win the Super Bowl. Yeah. I give my MVP Why didn't you jump on that fumble then to show us? See, he wasn't gonna win. Cam wasn't gonna be able to win not Cam. Because there's evidence that shows that hey, he did something and it didn't happen, Right?


Yeah, yeah. There's, I I, Go ahead. What you gonna say? Alright, it's, it So you, it is hard to, it's hard to defend that one. Oh, that jumping on the bone. Yeah. There's no, there's no excuse for it. He knows that. He knows that. No, there's no excuse for that. I mean, in that moment, you, hey, you give it all, you give it to all Got to The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us, join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK to type in a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together and chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin De Me, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Yeah. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB starting on February 4th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.