
Tickets are on sale now, y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One, happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hot, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com,


And the dream Season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series, Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examine the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. Would Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core? There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume In this exit interview earlier today. Bam. Adebayo ask what changes he'd like to see this summer after the game. Four comment Postgame. That's a Pat Riley question. I hope you can ask that question to him. Mm. And he doesn't blow you off and ignore you. Hold on. He said he said this in the, that what? Bam say. I ain't say that. Ba I'm read what ba say, BA said.


That's a Pat Riley question. Question. I hope you can ask that question to him and it doesn't blow you off and ignore you. This is what band was asked. What changes he'd like to see this summer after his game. Four comments. There's a petty Riley question. Ocho. Yeah. Talk to me. You gotta holler at your people, bro. What's going on down there In everything gonna be all right? Everything gonna be all right? They listen. Pat, pat and bam gonna have to sit down. Bam, bam, bam ain't going nowhere. You know, we, we, we got some pieces coming to help bam out so we doesn't have to be the focal point of everything, so he doesn't have to, to go out there and, and do as much and exert as much energy as he does on both ends of the court.


Bam. We got help coming for you. You, bam. You got my number. You, bam, you got my number. So I'm in the rooms. You not in, bam. Okay. I'm in the conversations you can't hear. We gonna be all right down there in Miami. That your stop player, man. Don't y'all think I need to incorporate him in what's going on? Like what, which, which direction the franchise going. Like what y'all plan on doing this summer? How, how we gonna make this, how we gonna get this organization back to the top? Yeah. He, he's our franchise player, but there's certain conversations that he can't be in Certain conversations that I and Mickey Harrison and Pat and Pat, we have, we also, he's our franchise player now, but we have long term, we have long-term goals that we need to achieve.


Ain't he a part of them? Long term goals ain't. Yeah, he is. He is. But is he gonna play 22 years like LeBron? Well, we don't know that. We don't know. We don't know. But listen, things are being put in place. Okay? You ever, you ever played Connect Four? Boy, hey, I'm, I'm so cold in Connect four. It's a shame that that's that this, that's what we doing right now. Connect, connect four and we gonna make sure everything aligned the right way to make sure that heat can get back to where they need to be. Okay. All right. I respect Heat Culture, man. You know I was a part of Heat Culture, man. I played, I know, I know. Boy, I used to be, I used to be at the game now. I used to be, I used to watch you now. I know, I know what you could do. Boy, you cold. You cold with it now. You nice with it now. I, I respect your game.


I, I I've seen you. I can tell you what you gonna do before you do it based on your, I'm gonna do, how you gonna tell me what I'm gonna do before I do it? 'cause I watch you play. I can tell, I I can tell what you, my game is different. My game different. That was 10 years ago. My name, my game's different from now. Oh, so you think your game different now? Yeah, it's different now. Well, what you telling me is father time ain't, ain't it ain't touch you yet. I ain't saying that. I'm saying what I do now. I can dominate it. I'm, I'm good. Okay. So you stay, you stay in one little area and you good at that area. You, you ain't knock chain, you ain't gonna make no adjustments. But I ain't got to, I ain't got to. I'm good. I'm straight over there.


Okay. I feel you. I I like your confidence. No, you got be dirty. I like your confidence. That's what it's all about. Belief and confidence. I see. Yeah. Hey, look, if, if I ain't got nothing else, I got some confidence, bro. Okay. Okay. Hey, that's me too. That's, that's my thing. Hey, Titus. What up, twin? Can you tell somebody just got home? I was gone. This is dead a half, bro. I'm to go damn the hang off. So what? So what you, what you, what you thinking, Joe? I think that was a shot across the ball. Bam. Said, Hey, ask Pat Riley that. Yeah. It was a little shock. He know, he know anything.


Yeah. He, he basically telling you, You know, he, y'all know who driving the ship over here, man. He, he asking me questions I ain't got no control of, You know, I mean, and maybe Pat Duke got something up his, up his sleeve. Oh, he do. He Duke I tried tell you, y'all ain't gonna listen to me until it happens. We'll try out real soon. You just know he gotta have something up his sleeve. Oh, he do. He do. I'm telling you. I, I, listen, I don't wanna, I don't wanna say too much because the fact that I'm even allowed in these rooms for these conversations to be had. It says, it says, it says it says a lot. So I, I don't, but I, I gave you enough. I gave you what I could and just know things are coming help.


Bam. You got my number. Bam. You hit me. You know, we, we got you. We gonna take care of you, man. Yeah. All right. You see what we got, the Hawks. Dyson Daniels was named NBA's most improved player. Dyson Daniels finished the head of Ev Zbox and Kade Cunningham to come under to become the second Hawks player to take home the award in his third season. His first with Atlanta Daniel's average a career high, 14 points rebound six, four and a half assists and three steals while shooting a career high. 49.3% from the field and 34% from the three point line averaging just under 34 minutes of a game.


Joe, we were both off. You thought it would be K cu Hell, I thought it would be Zoo Boss and I dog. If your hawks player didn't sneak in there and win the war, because we had him winning, what was it? Defensive player of the year. Defensive player of the year. Yes. I didn't have him winning. Most improved, but I'm, I'm glad he did. He is well deserving, man. I've had a chance to, You know, go to some practice to see these guys practice. I see the extensive work that Kyle Corver, the assistant gym was putting in with this dude, You know, really showing him how to shoot and just getting him reps up with him after practice, You know, and, and he was just a sponge, just soaking up as much game as he could. And obviously it seemed like every month, month to month, week to week, it just seemed like he kept getting better.


He kept improving and he, he grew offensively, defensively. He's always had it. He's had that knack to be a hell of a defensive player and be disruptive, You know, defensively, offensively his game just came around and he just flourished this whole year for us as a hawks. And, but, You know, we were bogged down with, with, with injuries. Man, I, I expect him to play a big pivotal role coming in the next season. You know, us ho getting off to a great, great start. So I'm looking forward to it, man. Much well deserved. Oh, You know what I was thinking? I know who would be a good player for the Lakers. Who? Clint Capella. Yeah. They, yeah. Clint Capella. How you, well, you must think the ho getting rid of clin Capella.


Hey, you gonna get rid of him? Nah, y'all don't be playing it. He been hurt. He he was hurt. He was hurt. Well, let rehab with the Lakers. Hey, he, he was hurt. He was hurt pretty much the past 2, 2, 3 months of the season, man. Like, You know, like I said, I started five. We had two starters miss out to star five. So, You know, it was tough for us. But shout out to Dyson. Dyson Daniels for winning. For winning. Yeah. What was it most improved? Most improved the Atlanta Falcons defensive coordinator. Jeff Urich apologized publicly today for the leak of Shado Sanders private phone number and his, your son using it to prank call the quarterback during the NFL draft.


My actions of not protecting confidential data were inexcusable. My son's actual actions were absolutely inexcusable. And for that we are both deeply. Sorry. Earlier today, the NFL fired the Falcons a quarter of a million dollars. And Urich himself would find a $100,000 in response to the situation. The NFL says, the fines were failing to prevent the disclosure or confidential information distributed to the club in advance of the NFL draft. Urich said neither him nor the Falcons would be appealing to fight. I promise my son and I will work hard to demonstrate we are both better than this. Don't y'all start with you football question. Do you think that was a fair punishment?


Yeah, I, I I think it was a fair punishment. When you, we think about the, when you think about the fine amount for entities like the Atlanta Falcons, that ain't nothing, You know, say drop in the bucket, 250,000. I mean, what is that going to do now for the coach who doesn't make millions of dollars like the players do? And that might hurt you a little bit. That might hurt you a little bit. The the, the punishment, I guess is, is it serves and it it is do right? I think the son needs to be punished. That's a more of a personal issue for the dad to take care of on his end. Especially for taking away that moment from Shado Sanders, a moment like that, that he's worked for. Obviously inserting himself into that moment, into that moment.


You know, want, wanting, wanting to go viral. Being that we're in that era right now, unc, you see it all the time. Everybody don't play the same. Especially with a moment like that outside of that. That's, that, that's, that's pretty much it. That's pretty, I, I, I think it, I think it was fair. I think it was fair. I do too. Obviously the, the, the fine amount, finding the balcony. I think it was just, I think it was, I think it was a, just a, just, I think it was a, a a a just amount to be fined. Yeah. So I, I don't have no problem. I don't know why they would. Right. Because if you have something in your possession, it's up to you to protect it. Right. Right. So I I how and why he did it.


The son, yes. We all know the son shouldn't have done this, but it was, it is up to the defensive coordinator to protect that information. Absolutely. To make sure his son can't get it. You don't? So I don't have a problem. What you think, Joe? You don't expect my son to go stuff though. Huh? I, Hey look, I agree with the punishment. It's almost like Ocho, if you, you your son going to take your gun and do something. He ain't got no business. You should be punished for it, bro. You should. Oh, yep. And you will. Yeah. You should be punished for that. So it's just, it's almost the same thing if you ask me. His son got some information that he knew he shouldn't have been messing with. And these are the repercussions of it, man. Yeah. Yes. It's up, it's up to the dad to secure that information.


Absolutely. It's not the son. Yeah. Yeah. The son's older culture. You know, we both know the kids. 21, 22 years of old. He ain't no right from wrong. No, he don't, he know he shouldn't have done that. But that was his moment to go viral. He wanted that click. He wanted that mention. He wanted that viral moment. Even at Dispen of his dad or putting his dad in the Fs in harm's way, bro. Who? You on camera. Maybe if you do it and they don't, you don't show your face. They might not know who it is. Right. But you put yourself on camera. Yeah. So with that being said, I, I agree. Over 10 players have, reportedly they were prank called during the NFL draft. Shado, Sanders, Shiloh, Tyler Warren, Kyle McCord, Mason, Graham Cha, chase, Lux, Josh Connelly, Jr.


Abdul Carter, and Isaiah Bond offer for those guys didn't even get a check. Some of those guys didn't even get drafted. Mm. How does the league, 'cause you see what happens now. Now this has always been a standard. They all tcho what, where you gonna be at? Right. You know, wasn't no cell phones on your Well, I'm be at my brother's house here, here's the number. Well, I'm be at my grandma house. Here's the number. Everybody stay off the phone. I won't be such and such now. You know, everybody got a cell phone and now, You know, to keep from, and I think this is what they do. A lot of agents are having guys getting new cells. Get a, just for this moment, just for this moment. Because, You know, you got homeboys be wanting to play great play games. 'cause I know if I'd had a cell on my homeboy, like, hey, nah, nah, you Think you, you Think you as homeboys they play like that, huh?


They would've in, in, in this, in this moment. Your, your, your your most pride. No, I don't think, no, I don't know. No, no burns bucket. No, they wouldn't play like that, man. The, the, the anxiety and excitement that you have in that moment, I can't even explain it. So I'm trying to put myself in they shoes. If I got a prank call like that, I would've man. What? Hey, but hey, but here's the thing, Ojo, somebody call it, they just been calling, Hey, and is your brother home? It ain't like me. Hey man, don't try the line because You know, nah, don't tie the line up. Don't, Hey man, ain't anybody got, Hey, my brother expecting a call, so forth this, so. Yeah. But if it had been way back in, because the thing was, it used to be Joe, I don't know if you remember this, they used to be, You know, community line.


So everybody that was on that, in that neighborhood was on that line. Right. So on Joe, you be on the phone, Joe phone busy too. Or Joe pick up the phone. I can hear Joe, I can hear Joe talking. Hey Joe. Man, I, I'm expecting to call. Can you all get off the phone for about five minutes? And Joe, I had get Joe to hang up and Joe a half a mile from me. Right. Because everybody was on the community line. Right? So it wasn't until you got an individual line that you could actually pick up the phone and call. Or if you on the phone, the phone busy. That was before they got called waiting. Now, You know, p You know, you hear the thing, you click over, you get, but there was no call waiting. There was a community line and everybody was on it. So I can just imagine you at your ballhouse and you waited and somebody on the phone talking and well, something we was going draft you with the field pick, but we couldn't get thrown to you.


We was gonna have them lines clear that day. It wasn't gonna be none of that. Hey, hey world, y'all gotta chill. But how did they, oh Joe, how did they, how, how does the league fix this? I mean, I mean, I I don't even think it's a league fix. It's more of a personal fix on your end. You under understanding. You don't expect your son to do go do nothing like that. Well, damn, everybody's son did this. Nah, I we know by Jeff. Who were these other guys that got prank? I think it, it all came from one person. That's what I think. No, you don't think so? I they can track that. I think it all came for one person. It was a different person. It was a different person for Isaiah Bond. No, I'm, no, I'm saying the numbers got out.


Yeah, but I'm saying you, but, but how did they get out? Gotta coach Coach had they had everybody's number on? Yeah, they had everybody's number. So I'm saying he could've gotten every number and given him. Oh, so you said, so you saying the guy went in the phone with the, the Falcons guy. Jeff Berg's son. Yeah. He went in there and disseminated it to other people. Yeah. That's what, yeah, that's what I mean. Okay. To France. Okay. That's, that's what, that's like. That's problem. Well, that's, that's problem. That's not, nobody else is got in trouble. I know, I know. They didn't record themselves, but it only makes sense. It all probably came from one person, You know, young people. Okay. Okay. I can see that. I can see that young folk play like that. Hey man, time out for the game, bro.


Yeah. Nah, not every, everything ain't Kiki ki nah. Oh, ha ha ha. Yeah. Let 'em know me playing around by the time you get drafted. Shh.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment, and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons, first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur, and almost most importantly, AEO enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all sit downs with real game changers in the sports world, like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suka family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champions on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


This is Courtside with Laura Carenti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports Courtside with lawyer Cortia and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to court side with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Wow. Yeah, I, I would feel some type of way. I'm, I'm, I'm on the phone and I'm expecting that somebody call the hey. Oh, you thought, oh, you thought I was the NFL team? Hey, hey man, you ain't getting no drafted. You, you waited this long. You could wait a little, a little while longer. Hey, that, that's dead wrong, man. Yeah, of course. People don't play entirely too much. Yeah, that's, that's entirely too much. That's, that's way too much. You gonna get drafted. What you gonna do? What can you do? Come on down here to Miami and come to the dog park with me. Hmm. Hey big boy, boy. Ain't go to no dog park any, he, huh? No, he ain't fixed. And that boy ain't fixed, that boy ain't going no dog park. He trying to house everything.


Come through there. Whatcha talking about? No, he, he ain't fixed. Hold on. Huh? So you can't go to the dog park. But he's trained though, man. No, they won't let you go unless he's spay or n he can't go. Ain't having that time. I ain't Wait, wait. I never, I've never heard that rule. Now what's the, what's the, what's the reason now, especially if your dog is trained and had discipline, what you think the reason is? Yeah. If your dog is trained, he just gonna jump on people. Dogs, it does not matter. They're don they're not taking no chances. And a lot of times dogs that have that are intact. They're a little bit more aggressive. They have a little bit more testosterone. Yes, sir. And so, You know what to keep that down, keep him say, I really never been to a dog park.


And that's okay. Yeah. Say I've been in my dad's backyard, we in the backyard. I'll be chasing Teddy sometimes they ch a chicken though. He be running. Yeah, he intended be running. I be trying to get him though. And you got, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta put your dog around other dogs, You know, to, to to, to allow him to see what it's like to be amongst his. But he don't, if he saw a dog down, I mean he, if he wasn't like when I'm walking him, he'd just look at a dog like, what you doing? He don't, I mean, he not, he not aggressive to, he not aggressive towards dog. Right Now I had, I've had dogs that were aggressive towards dogs, but me, not one.


He not he, he a baby. Baby. I mean, talk man. I had a bull mastiff. Yeah. If I had two. But talk man, he see a dog. He look at him like, what's going by business? What up? What's up with the master breed? What's up White? He like the master breed. I do, I do. I got, well I've had, I've had a key, I had a Nikita. That was the first dog. That was the first dog that I actually owned. Yeah. And then I got two Pomeranians and then I got two Bull Mastiff. I got one. And then I thought he needed a buddy to play with. And so I got another one. And then I got, after they passed, I got, I got tight man. And then I got another Pomeranian.


I got a, I got a principle. He the same color as Titan. He a big boy. A press good. Yeah. Got press Who you get it from? Where at? You get it from Atlanta? I got it from a guy in Canada. Okay. He, he, he in there. O Joe. I ain't bringing him in here right now. Bring, man, let me see you man. Talk to you one day. O Joe, Jeffrey L Come on man. Go get play. I tell you what, you gonna see tus up close to person. You'll gimme my 5,900. Hold on. Whoa. What time? Wait, what a se Where the extra 700 come from? 15% tariff percent.


He said Cam Newton. Cam Newton calls out Shado Sanders for acting like a DB and being too loud. Lead with work not clout. He took on a persona of a db DB are able to do certain things. You can speak loud, be rambunctious and Hal bravado as a quarterback, your CEO Ocho. Do you agree with this? I mean, in a sense, a little bit in in a sense that a little bit, you gotta conduct yourself a certain way at that specific position. At that specific position. You gotta conduct yourself a certain way. You gotta carry yourself a certain way. You gotta talk a certain way. PC almost, I-I-I-I-I kind of even don't like it. But obviously you are not in there yet.


You're not, you're not there yet. You haven't made it yet. So once you get there, if anything, you gotta play. You gotta play the game a little bit. You gotta play the, the game a little bit. This is why I love Lamar Jackson so much. Lamar Jackson has been Lamar Jackson since Louisville. Lamar Jackson has been Lamar Jackson since he was that boy in high school. So Lamar Jackson, even in NFL, he's still Lamar Jackson. He hasn't changed to conform to the ways in which they say a quarterback should be and, and talk and dressed. He's remained authentically himself. So shado, his approach to the game's a little bit different. He's a little bit more flashy, a little bit me has a little bit more aura and then, and bounce to him and then pizzazz that just, it comes with him, it comes with the last name in general.


You know, that's just that, just who he is. You know. And you, you, you understand what you get. And I understand what Cam is talking about. And Cam is one of his, cam is one that also, he didn't change who he was, he didn't change. He was, he was authentically himself and it remained that way. And he played at a very high level. But he didn't, he didn't become that until Lei got in the league. Yeah. Yeah. So, You know, Shado comes with, he Shado comes with the camera and the lights and the gl and glam already. Yeah, he has, he has it all before he even got to the NFL. So it's hard to tone that down and then bring it back out. But listen, he in there now.


So sky's the sky's the limits. Sky's the limits. Joe, what's their basketball equivalent? Who is the situation that and the basketball, they would like, You know, braggadocious, outgoing flash, a lot of flash, a lot of stuff. We'll, we'll we'll see if the substance that he had in college, if he could replicate that in the NFL. But who do you think would be the equivalent of Shado as a basketball player player? The only guy off the top of my head I could think is probably little Mikey who just signed with Mike Di at Sacramento State. Okay.


I think because since he was a Mike Williams, is it Mike Williams since he was a kid, You know, we've seen the, we've seen the talent. We've seen how he's captivated these young kids. Man, I've been in tournaments to where he's played at and I'm talking about the gyms be crazy packed out. Right. So now that he has an opportunity, You know, he transferred from UCF to Sacramento State over there with Mike Bibby. I think Mike Bibby gonna give him the keys and let him kinda rock out as far as guard wise handling the ball, making plays, scoring the ball. And I think, You know, I think he'll get a chance to really put his talent on display to show the world what he's capable of doing. 'cause at UUCF, he was coming off the bench.


He wasn't even really playing. But he had his moments though. So I'm looking forward to him kind of taking college, college basketball by storm this year. Yeah. People the chance saying, bro, James, I don't think bro bro's draft stock. Didn't nobody thought bro James was gonna be a lottery pick. Nobody thought bro, James was not rated as a top player in the draft. He probably got helped by his dad. I think I had he gone back to school and had a year recover because he is only a year removed from a very, very serious medical injury. Right. A medical, excuse me, issue my injury issue very serious.


Yeah. It's so, it's different that, that's not a good comparison to whoever said No, it'ss not the, the, the, the cache and the aura that each of them have is completely different, You know? Right. LeBron is LeBron's son. Right. But Dion, but Shado and, and what comes with your door? Is it, it it's, it's, it's a little bit more, a little bit more light. Yeah. Little more. Brian wasn't never flashy. Shadu was doing this. They be been doing this. Yeah. LeBron. Yeah, bro, bro all, I mean, all LeBron do Bronny, he make a shot and he run back down the court. Yeah. He's low key LeBron bro. Look more low key with it. I mean, Shadu more like Johnny Manza or something like that.


Go. That's, that's a good, that's a good comparison. That's a good comparison. Yeah. So I look, I, I, I think the thing is Ocho I I, you and I have spoke ad nauseum about this. I think everybody's trying to figure out why, how, what happened, who did what. Yeah. Boom. To try to explain some things should be offered without explanation. Ocho it's like, I don't know if you old enough to remember, you remember Joe, you remember when people used to go door to door and they sold encyclopedias a dictionary? Man, what you I I done board a few of them.


What you talking about? Okay, so, so somebody come to the day, somebody come like he bought 'em next house didn't Yeah. Maybe they need him. Maybe they need him and didn't want 'em. I don't know's a good one. We gotta start. I mean sometimes, You know, I has no questions. Why. Okay. He has a chance now. Yeah. He's there now. Where you got drafted? Yeah. There's money involved. 'cause I'm sure he'd like to be in a first round pick, like to be in a top 10 pick top five pick because of the money. But I think if Ur is what many believe that he is and I believe that he can play, they get it. It shouldn't be a problem. And You know, the funny thing about it is he's gonna get to this money faster because you were a fifth round pick.


Gonna get to it faster. All you gotta do, boy, put your head down and do what you always been doing work. What, what? Brock Purdy came up, what, two years, three years ago. Who? What quarterback was in Brock? Purdy's draft. What year was that? 20. 21, 22. Yeah. So who's who? Hey. Hey. That's so funny, UNC, when you just, that that little example you just used about the encyclopedias and dictionaries? Yeah. You know, I, I used to sell him at my church. Now they come to our house. I, they get, they getting screened. I say, you see this house? What makes you think we need encyclopedia to look at? Do you see this house? Right?


The screen door? Hang it off. You know? Did You know what I'm saying? So what makes you think if we ain't got money to repair, what good is being smart? If we living like this, we ain't smart enough to fix the screen door. Hey, cop out with a handyman. You got a handyman in there? I remember them days, boy. Yeah. We all dealt with, we ain't buy on damn encyclopedias. I be dictionary come by selling encyclopedias a dictionary. Would you like to buy some Lady please? Hey, does it look like somebody here doing homework? I'm just asking you.


Oh no, my grandma made, boy. What That thing, what they called? Hey, what that thing give me, You know my grandma. Hey, let me, what that thing, what they going, they got books library? Yeah. Yeah. That place no dictionary, no encyclopedia. But and, and that wasn't, it wasn't, I think maybe, I think they cost like $50. Yeah. For set. Yeah. Do You know what $50 in the seventies back then? Yeah. Yeah. Huh? Yeah. What a lot of money.


Yeah, but look, I, I, I get what Cam's saying that, You know, you won't. But here's the thing. Ocho, if I'm auditioning for a job and on all depends on what type of job I'm trying to get. Come on that. I mean, some jobs are gonna require you to wear a shirt and tie. Yes sir. On the interview. Yeah. Yeah. Some jobs you can go to and play a maybe you got a, a college shirt. That's good enough. What job am I trying to get? Would've determine the type of behavior that I'm gonna display on said interview. Yeah. Agree. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. I tell the story. Oh, you, my grandma was in the hospital.


She said, baby, prop me up 'cause I wanna fool him so I can get outta here quicker. She, she tell my baby, prop me up, I'm gonna fool her. She like, granny, okay, fool him. Yeah. I'm gonna fool him. They see me sitting up here talking to y'all. They gonna say, yeah, let her go. Yeah. She, Hey, that's funny. Don't worry about Ocho. They never let her go. She stayed, she had up from the hospital to the, the facility. Yeah. And her thing was, she said, Ooh, Libby, You know what I want, what that granny, she say, I sure like to go to the house one more time. She said, huh? She said, yeah, Libby. She said, You know what, I know I ain't gonna go back there to live, but I sure wish I could go one more time.


Mm. She said, call that boy me. You know my grandma, she never really called me my name. Yeah, boy's son. Yeah. Yeah. She said, let me call that boy and see if he come down here because You know, I gotta help, You know, help the people, You know, put in the van, get in the van and yeah, get her out. It's on grass. It's not, You know, it's not pavement, so it's not gonna be smooth sailing. Then call me. She says, Shannon, granny want you to come down there. I said, what she doing? Okay. She said she wanna go to the house one more time. Mm. I they say no where you want go? She said, I call the people. I said, I called the people. She called the people. They said they could do it the next day. I was down there the next day. Yeah, yeah.


She got in the house. Woo. She said, boy, this show feel good. She's like, Libby, we had a, we had a good time in here, didn't we Libby? I said, Hmm. Libby said, yeah, granny, we sure did. She said, son, take me back there to my room. So I took her back there to the room. You know, I, because we didn't have, because 'cause she got sick. We didn't have time to fit the house. Yeah. Because I asked Libby, I said, Libby do want us to fit the house? She said, no, Shannon. She said, you spent all that money, you ain't got much time. Don't even worry about it. Right. So I had to lift her. You know, that's a lot of, You know, my grandma had fluid. Her heart wasn't working fight. So her body wasn't, You know, she was on LASIK constantly. So I had to woo.


But I was in my prime, thank God. Yeah. Knock on wood. I was able to lift her up, roll her back there, let her go, let us in her room. Yeah. I say, granny, you want me to put you in the bed? She said, no, son. She said, you put me to bed, I ain't gonna leave. So, but that, that was her, that was her thing. Yeah. She's like, Hey, she wanted to go back home. One last time I came, drove down from Atlanta, got out the, You know, the n they picked her up at the facility, nursing facility, brought her to the house. I helped them get out the house. I took her in the house. She laughed and talked. Libby, woo, this show lives good boy.


Go get me. Go get me. Go get your granny something to drink. Wash your hands because I ain't no, tell her what you been doing. Oh Lord have mercy Granny. So, You know, I washed my hands. You know, she stayed right there for about an hour. Called the people that came back, got her. She was so happy. She was like, Ms. Mary, where you been? She said, I've been to my house. That was it. So you have to understand the situation that you're in. Yeah. The job, the type of job that you're interviewing for. Because these jobs, they all serious. They all business. Now, once you get 'em, you might, You know what I'm saying? There you go.


You can take your tie off, you can take, you can take your suit jacket off. Okay. You see yourself a little bit more. Yeah. I guess Cam did not see that. Ur went to speak at, to the kid at the Cleveland Public School. John Marshall High School, Shado bowed on draft date to get involved with the youth in Cleveland and is already making good on that. Promise. Shado is now the number one selling jersey among all 2025 rookie draft class. According to fanatic fanatics. Shado now has the number one selling jersey across the company's network of sites, including NFL Shop and Cleveland Browns official shop.


There are nine options to buy. One items represent the hundred and 44th pick by the Browns. That's more offerings that any other pick except the number one overall selection. Cam Ward, Travis Hunter has seven Jersey options. And all three of these items were the, were on his secondary, the number two legendary site marked as sold out as of this morning. That's what's up, man. I need my, I need me. Well, You know, hey, look, the one thing that, that the Sanders can do is that they can market. Yeah. His dad was tremendous at marketing. He was, he was unbelievable. Hey, make money, Make your money.


Gotta get my jersey. But don't, don't, but don't forget now your number one job is to go win the quarterback job and make money. I ain't got no problem making money selling things, but hey, at the end of the day, I wanna be known for what I'm known for. Yeah. Right. You know what I'm saying? Ocho? Yes sir. Ocho, you had fun. But they know Ochocinco known to catch that ball. Hey, cream gonna rise to the top on Ocho every time I think he gonna answer, he gonna answer the call. As far as, You know, accepting the challenge, knowing that he get a chance to come in and compete for the position. Man, I don't, I don't know what else you could ask for as a competitor, You know what I mean? Like, you go into a situation, do I have a chance? Yeah. He got a chance to win a job. Right. That's it.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur, and almost most importantly, Ayo Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Ayo enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Ajo is where sports music and fitness collide and we cover it all. The arva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world, like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth is Wide open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeart Radio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


This is Courtside with Laura Corti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's Sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. Sports.


And The dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series Dub Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into the world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. Softball is growing fast and I'm gonna help you keep up with the speed of the game and the athletes that play it so well. You may even be able to throw up the fastest slapper if you are an old or new fan. Looking to learn more about your favorite players or coaches and hear about their journeys and processes to success. This podcast is an exciting and invaluable resource for anyone interested in the complexities of excellence on the softball diamond. Softball is a game of failure and pressure situations, but lucky for all the fabulous softball players and fans. Pressure makes diamonds and it's time to drop some bombs and diamonds. On and off the softball diamond dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an athlete's limited softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeart Radio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Oh Joe, yo Joshua IA set the Guinness Book of World record for most full extension punches in one minute by a male 453. Let's take a look at the video. Well that, hey, that's nice. They are. It is pretty. It is real cute hitting that bag. You know, I'm glad he set a world record. I mean, does it translate into a real fight though? Man, that joke had your head popping up like a p And who? You know the pe. Oh hey babe. I, I like that. Hey. Oh Joe, you remember the pants came that came, came with pants? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember the pe I remember the pe. You know you saying he came See you though.


Huh? You saying he can't see you? Nah, that man. That that's cute. That's cute. You know, for a world record, I ain't got nothing to do with no real combat sports, You know? But You know, I like it. I like it. I like it. That was nice. Ocho. Yeah, Joe, we've got actual scientists weighing in on the debate. Primatologists, which is, they study primates right? Said that a hundred men can win, but they must accept some will die. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna get some casualties now we, we said listen, we said that. I done, I already said I was gonna be like number 99 and I dunk.


Like I ain't going in that person, but I think we all knew that. Yeah. So, so the only chance you got is gotta be a confined space and all of 'em rushing. But if you let him out in a space, let's just say he out in his habitat, right. And a hundred men rushing. We aint Oh, he gonna bring, yeah, he gonna bring some people up. Shit, he gonna break. He gonna bring some people up. Regardless. All but see, but see, Joe, you get him in a small, a crowded room. Couple of y'all jump on his leg. Hey, now y'all better stay away from that mouth because if you back to out some of y'all and, and if he get a hold of you, whoever he get his hands on, I feel sorry for you.


Hey, my timeline been full of gorillas all day. I'm saying all, all, all week long, Instagram, Twitter, all, all types. But You know what people overestimate, people really overestimate that. They can be, you hear people say, oh I can be the polar bear or I could be the grizzly bear. What? Or I could be the hippo. Oh yeah. Oh, I saw. Hey, I saw the hypotheticals with a hippo, polar bear. Grizzly and crocodile. Yeah. Can you survive for 20 minutes for a hundred million? No. No. What? And I saw some girl, some girl tweeted, what is a hippo going do to me? Yeah. Okay. Hippo killed more people in Africa than anybody because they're so territorial.


Yeah. You what you see best with a a, a a, a belt bad. That is so territorial. Anything coming that a a crocodile. Everybody the crocodile back and forth, it happen too. Lion. Man, ain't nobody fool with that. Nah. But people overestimate, oh I can do this. No you can't. You not beating no lion, you not beating no tiger. You're not beating no bear. You're not beating no leopard, no cheetah, no nothing. None of that. A matter of fact, the funny part about it, if they see these animals in person, you gonna be gone. Yes person you're not used to seeing, you used to seeing dogs, you seeing cats, you used to seeing raccoons. When you see these animals in person and you see their size and how intimidating just being in their presences, you'll change, you'll change, you'll change your copy man.


You see a lion head, that's your head. This big man. Huge. I mean they weigh 400 pounds, four, 500 pounds. What? What? First of all, a house cat jump on you and tear you up. What you Think you gonna do with a 400 pound, 500 pound liar? Nothing. Because you can't get, get away from him. That just as quick then just as twitchy as a small domesticated cat. People don't understand if he take the, if he take down, oh Joe, if he'll take down a buffalo, a gazelle, a eon. So if he take down an animal, 500, a thousand pounds, but a 200 pound a 250 pound man.


Oh I got something for him. Well you better have, you better have a a, a, a a a 30, 30, 30 off six or three, something like that. Yeah. A 2 73. That's the only thing you got for it. And it better be a seven millimeter. Let's stop It Ain't happen. Alright, we're gonna get y'all out here on this one. It's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for Q and a. Lord have mercy. Y said a hundred Lakers versus Rudy Gobert. Who gets the rebound?


That's a good one. That's a good one, Rudy. Yeah. Oh, I guess it's the lake of the day. Now them Lakers are sorry. Mofo had Rudy looking like prime Shaq and was now nigga who Sharky said Kobe disgusted the pint. Heather, LeBron, no. Final number. 11 ocho, you still 8 57 Lakers got beaten. Fired Marques dollars, Luke fry, Luca fried, LeBron cried. Finn Smith tried. Lakers lost in fine. BJ Halstead said blank man, meteor ran Postman. Lakers of plain leaves for Galveston at five.


Shout out to Buck City Bell. Glee, Florida. Mark Justin mc McNeil said, flip side backside switch side. Lakers are going to Cancun drinking my tide. Flex appeal high school folders wake up the fo no limit soldiers, knives, it's all over Wolves killed him in five at six foot eight. Aquarius. Eddie Murphy, Artie Murphy, Dale Murphy, Murphy. Brown Wolves in fives. True and infamous Lakers are joke. Luke and LeBron broke. You can tell UNC can cope. MJ still the goat.


Matthew Vome. I don't care if, if you Shannon Sharp look like a sharp baby shark. Lakers said, I'm crying. D Chad said Buffalo Wild wings all you can eat. LeBron and your feet wolves. Gentlemen sweep gold standard. Oh, you got to admit it. Now that Michael Jordan is the goat. Now that LeBron didn't play like a goat. Nope, nope, nope. Gold standard. Patrick Rendon, Cancun, Tulum, Mexico City Zoo, Lakers, flight to parks at five Avenue. 77 said, oh, your flight is booked at 5:00 AM If you missed another 5:00 AM the depart, the all flights depart at five.


Y'all got little bad stall about man. Damn. Hey you, you, you had to know this was coming. Wait next year we got something for y'all next year. You sound like the, you sound like them. Cowboy fan Andrew Harrison. Good evening and don't you iso Joe, I was wondering if I could get a birthday shout out. Also, one thing to keep you to enjoy your working. Keep ISO Joe, he's been a great addition. Andrew, happy birthday. Hopefully you did something special today. Hopefully you enjoy your day. You went out, got a bite to eat, had a drink, celebrate. Realize how fortunate that you are that you got to see another birthday another day, another year around the sun.


Yeah. Happy birthday. Happy great day. Andrew. Oh Joe and ISO Andrew. Appreciate that bro. Happy birthday man. Kevin Norwood Jr. Said, oh Joe, I agree with you about Abdul Carter for defensive Rookie of the year, but mine. Yeah. Question is who's winning offensive Rookie of the year? Oh that's a good one. You got K, you got K, Ashton, Genty, ur Travis. What if Travis won both of them? Hey, that'd be funny. That'd be funny, huh? I think, I think he gonna try it for sure. Oh yeah, that would be funny.


I think maybe as and Genty 'cause as and Gen's gonna touch the ball a lot. I could see, excuse me, I can see him getting OCHO 250, 300 carries. Yeah. Easily. Especially, especially his rookie year. Cam Cam. Cam might have a good shot at it too. Obviously being the quarterback and touching the ball a lot more. But I don't, I don't think they have enough over there offensively when for him to win Rookie of the Year. So I see Aston Jiffy probably pulling it off. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. Your favorite number. 85 Liberty City Legend. The bingo ringer Fame. Honor the Pro bowler All Pro with the Cigar Victory Cigar.


He had the wolves. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Yeah, I did AKA Pepe. I did have also top right Arkansas native ISO Joe Proprietor of ISO Joe Yoga Studio. Yes sir. I had to warn, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you guys for graciously accepting Joe Johnson and because he's been our contributor through the playoffs and we hopefully we are able to have him back through the regular season and have more fun because this has been great. So Joe, we appreciate your contributions.


Thank you to Nightcap and helping us grow. Appreciate you. Absolutely. No, I'm saying no, but I'm saying I just wanna thank you.


Make sure you check out Shade by La Poitier. We have it in stock. It is the best tasting VSOP on the market. Ask anybody that's tried it. They'll tell you for themselves. But also if you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there people.


Make sure you go check out my media company on all of his platform. She, Shea Media Clothing Company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last.


Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour on sale. Hey stops. Title, stop. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Look forward to seeing you guys. If we're coming to a city near you, make sure you check out Nightcap, unc and ocho.


Thank you guys for joining us. The Lakers get defeated in five games by the wolves. Thanks to a career playoff high from Rudy Gobert. 24, 27 points, 24 rebounds. They got great contribution from Julius Randall on on a night when Anthony Edwards did not have it. Rudy, Goa and Julius Randall did have it, and they win and the rockets stay alive in force of game. 6 1 31 1 16 a arm. Thompson had 25 points. Dylan Brooks had 24. Shung. Goon had 15 van Fleet had 26 on four six from the three point line. And Jalen Green chipped in with 11 as they win.


1 31 1 16 fourth of game six on Friday in Golden State. Thank you guys for joining us. We will see you Friday. We're off tomorrow, but we're back on Friday. Thank you guys for joining us. OCHO and ISO Joe, we're out. Easy, high.


The Volume And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series, Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dubb Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


I'm Camil Ramon at Amela Ortiz and our podcast, Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide, and we cover it all. This season, we sit down with history makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.