
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side in Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd m Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wow, what a ball game. Both ball games came down to the very end. Both teams needed stops. Both teams got the stops. And guess what ocho this is what I always tell people. Four teams delayed their de they delayed their unhappiness, their ha unhappiness because only four, only you know, four teams move on. So they're excited. Yeah. 14, the disappointment sets in and then guess what? Two teams be disappointed again next week. And then one team will be be ultimately happy than somebody else. So all you're doing is delaying the disappointment if you don't win the whole thing. But we got some very, very, very good ball games today. And we have our matchup for the A FC and the NFC Championship.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Liberty City Legend. The bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Make sure you check out Shaa by la Porter. We have it in stock. And guess what, four teams, you're very excited. Hey, celebrate. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea. If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, we will ship it directly to your door. Please, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


And y'all can see my, the thermal team that we came out with last month. Those were part of our newest release. We've got new shirts, sweats, beanies, cos and Cozies. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. The VIP meet and greet. Tickets are officially sold out but there's still tickets left to pre-purchase for the big show. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there guys. We got great gate, great guests lined up for you and you don't wanna miss this. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Award.


Nightcap was nominated outstanding podcast, art, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated Outstanding podcast, society and Culture. Please go vote for your favorite guys. The link is pin in our social bios. Ocho the bills get their revenge. The bills repeated. The Ravens 27 25 in a dramatic finish in Buffalo. Advance to the A FC championship game for the First time since 2021. Heartbreak, heartbreak, loss for the Ravens. The bills were head to Kansas City for a rematch. Remember Kansas City went to Buffalo. I think they lost by two. Well they lost by double digits. Now regular season doesn't matter if Buffalo approved.


They lost really big, really bad to who? Who was that? The Ravens earlier this year. Derrick Henry ran wild. But Buffalo gets their revenge and now they turned around and head back to Kansas City. Buffalo is the only team to beat Kansas City starters during the regular season in the entire regular season in 2024. Remember Ocho, they sought their starters the last game, but at the end of the day, this game came down to turnovers and missed opportunities. The Ravens are gonna kick themselves. They turned the ball over. Lamar had two bad turnovers early in the ball game. And then this was a game that Mark Andrews was gonna want to forget. He had a couple of drops. Ocho, he had a costly fumble. Fumble. And then the two point, the two point conversion.


You know in a situation like that, Ocho Yeah. Weather's bad like that. If you bob, it's over. You're not gonna catch it again. 'cause the ball's too slick. Yeah. And you got no footing. And so once he bobbled it, you know, it was like, well this is it. This is the opportunity. But when you, you look at this game and it's another disappointing season and we can't place all of this at the field of Lamar. I didn't think he played well early. I thought they got away from the running game too soon. Ojo. Yeah, because if you look at coming, you look at, look at when they came out of the locker room in the third quarter, right? And they got the ball, what they do? Ocho boom, boom, boom. Bring down the right down the field, running the ball right down. Go ahead, go ahead. Right there. Run the streets. They, they, they got the on.


Can you please explain to me understanding how you won all season long, even with the turnovers that you did have you had an opportunity? Yeah, you have opportunity. There are moments in the football game, there are moments in the playoff game. There are 1, 1, 2, maybe three plays if that that matter. Out of all the plays that you run in the game. And those, those, those moments, those plays that actually mattered, they didn't capitalize on those opportunities despite the turnovers that you had. Yeah, despite the turnovers. Like I, I'm not wanting to blame the game on one person. I would never do that. The turnovers hurt from Lamar. One of 'em, one of 'em didn't count because it was still tight. It was, it was still tied up.


And even though they did go down and score on that turnover, he still had the opportunity to tie the game back up. Right. Second one, the fumble. Now that's, that's costly. Yeah. Yeah. That's cost. Andrews, You have to live with that though, Ocho because we've seen him bobble a snap. We saw him against your, your Bengals. He bobbled a snap and throw a touchdown to like you, So you are gonna have to live with him. 'cause I know a lot of people say Lamar just fall on it live to see another day. But what makes him Lamar Jackson is his ability to turn a, a a, a disaster into something dynamic. Yeah. Tonight. Tonight just wasn't it. I feel, I feel bad for Mark Andrews because tough it was right there.


It was right there. All he had to do was be able to just to secure that catch. If anything, watch it. That's his, that was his, was that his second or third drop? That's his second. He had two drops and a fumble. Remember they punched it out. He had a big game. Yeah. And the dude punched it out and they go down. And if I'm not mistaken, I think they went down and got a field goal. So that's what pushed it to an eight point game. You gotta make that catch on by all means. You gotta look that in. You gotta stare at the laces on that ball and look it all the way. And if you gotta go back to the basics, the basic fundamentals of catching the ball, you can't drop a ball in that scenario like that. Yeah, you can't because it allows you to, it, it gives your team another chance, a second chance.


Now you put it back on your defense. Now you put it back on your defense to stop them. Don't let them get in field. Go range. Now the Josh, now maybe they're gonna play a little free. So now Josh is gonna probably do a little bit more running around, right. Because he has some freedom. So now he can rely on his legs. And I thought that's the thing that really helped Lamar and them, like Buffalo didn't want to give up the big play, but the one thing you gotta do is you gotta keep him in the pocket. You can't let him get outside the pocket. You let him get outside the pocket. So he started off, he's running now. He gets outside of the pocket, he hits likely he gets outside of the pocket. He hits Sims, he gets outside the pocket, he hit Andrews. You can't let him get outside the pocket. Make him beat you from the pocket pocket. And I know it's a lot easier said than done, but you want to keep him in that box.


And if he works his magic in the box, don't choke. You just have to live with that because you with can't take everything away. But I'm gonna take away what I know you want to do, which is get outside the pocket and buy yourself time. Yeah. I mean the first half the bills played really good. They did first half. It looks like they, they they bullied thera they bullied the ravens on both sides of the ball. Even They did, even though when you look at it now, I'm I'm, I know I'm not blind. I know I'm not blind. It, I know what I'm seeing. The Ravens defensively are first and almost every statistical category. But what I saw from the bills in the first half, it didn't seem that way. Yeah. Now I don't know if, I don't know if the conditions played a part in that and them being successful running the ball and moving it down, but the intermediate game through the past, I don't know if the conditions played any kind of part in that.


But like it, it sucks. It sucks. Yeah, It does. It does. Because this SA season. I mean, lemme tell you how I know it sucks because I feel bad for Lamar for one. And it's how you know, I feel bad 'cause I'm not even making fun of you. I'm not even making fun of you about your team losing and going on. Like, I'm not even making fun of you because hon honestly, a as a Bengal, as much as I love my Bengals, I really fought and wanted and, and and I, I I can say this, I really wanted Lamar to win this one because I know he was gonna win MVP and I wanted him to have success in the playoffs and go far, you know, into the playoffs. We can get that monkey office back. So we get that monkey office back and it, it, it just didn't happen.


Obviously the turnovers played a part in it even though there were moments in the game where thing could have shifted in their favor and given that team a little chance, an opportunity to win it just didn't go their way. And, and that and that sucks That, and that's what it is Ocho is that we look at Lamar and we've, so we, we, we've seen Lamar this season have games where he's damn near perfect will. He has a perfect quarterback passer rating 1 58 0.3. You can't get into higher that. And we've seen him have those games for whatever reason we have. Those games have come few and far between. Yes. When it matters the most. Yeah. This is when it matters the most because there's finality to this. There is no tomorrow.


There is no tomorrow this great season we got a a a an all pro quarterback that's probably gonna win his third MVP. Yeah. In a five year span we got an all pro running back that works rush for damn near 2000 yards. Now Za flowers not being in there that, that hurt. But they still got two of the best tight ends. They still got, I believe they got two top 10 tight ends. Yes. Nobody else can say that in the NFL. They've got, you know, Marlon, Marlon Humphrey was the first team all pro at the slot. Hamilton made the Pro Bowl. I think they had a defensive line. Matt b Quake made the Pro Bowl. They had another DN made the pro made the Pro Bowl. This is very disappointing. You look at the way they turned their season around, especially defensively ocho, they were really good offensively.


They lost some game that you're like, y'all go and y'all beat this team, but y'all lose to the Raiders. How the hell y'all lose to the Raiders? I think they lost, ended up losing, maybe ended some other team that wasn't very good. And you ask yourself how the Ravens losing to these teams with Lamar and Derrick Henry and all these weapons that they have is that if you go back and study Lamar and y'all can dress it up however you want to, Ocho in the playoffs he's had, look at how many games that he's actually played in the playoffs. And then look at how many multiple turnover games he's had in the playoffs. Not go back, juxtapose, rewind it, press play, look at the regular season, all of his starts. Right? And look at how many multiple turnover games.


Not nearly so damn near every game that he damn near every game. But two thirds of the games that he's played in the playoffs, he's turning the ball over. Oh Lord, when you turn the ball over, not only do you don't give yourself to con still get play after play after play, you give them possession. So now they take you off the field because they're really not like a, a a, a turnover defense ocho. Right. They can occasionally, but they don't really like take the ball away like the old Raven and put points on the board with it. But now all of a sudden, instead of, you know, 7, 8, 9, 10 plays where you could have something to hang your hat on, you only get three plays 'cause you've turned the ball over. Right. And that's what, that's what is hurting Lamar. And I know he's like, he's like, man, here we go again.


I it have to. Don't let anybody tell you. I know you gonna say no. That yes it does because you know what happened last year you had two turnovers and you had two turnovers in the first half this year. So you playing, all of a sudden it's going through your mind and everybody's thinking the same thing in Baltimore. Hell we go again Lamont. Yeah, because think about it, Ocho the man only had four turn, four interceptions the entire year Season. So he played 18 games, 18 plus, 18 plus one. He didn't turn the ball over against Pittsburgh. So he played 18 games with four interceptions. And then you come out here and have another interception and then I think you have, I mean, had another fumble. He just has to let and I don't and and I want him to get over this so bad because it's a very disappointing season because like I said, Ocho you and I both believe he's about to be a three time league.


MVP and here he is another he's, He's he, he's gonna win it. He he's gonna win it. He, because what he did during the regular season, you can't take it away from him. You can't because it, it was, it was, it was the special season. He was, he has to understand and I listen, I know Lamar already knows when you go into the, when you go into the postseason and if you look at when you've made it before and you've lost, you've lost the one thing, you come that is the turnovers. You make it that much difficult. You put your, your team behind eight ball. When when you turn the ball over and you say it all the time, mon you play, you pay double for Them. You pay double. You pay double for 'em. Even though you had a chance to come back. Now everything else has to go well or damn near perfect to get yourself back in the game.


In the game. It is. And if you look at, look at Joe Flacco. Joe Flacco's not a third of the quarterback but became playoff time. Oh yeah. Joe f Flaco supposedly had have been the two Super Bowls. He hit Lee Evans in the hand and had the Patriots beat and he dropped it. Knocked it. And Then we know he went on the road. He went on the road and beat Peyton in his house. He went on the road and beat Tom in his house and he went and he won a Super Bowl and he had Tom beat again in his house. Yeah. Joe f Flaco played a buck. You would think, Joe, you like, hold on, wait a minute. Yeah. How the hell you doing this in the playoffs and you don't look nothing like this in the regular season. Let was call him Joe. Joe Flaco. That's Joe Montana.


Yeah. Protection. He's just the opposite with Lamar. I don't, I don't know what it is. O Joe. I don't know if he's putting too much pressure. I don't know if it's a mental hurdle for the turnovers. You go back and look at his first playoff game against the Titans in the divisional round. He turned the ball over. He played, remember the, in the next year he goes on the road to play Buffalo. He throws a hundred plus yard interception. He comes back. Last year he had two interceptions Za flowers had again za flowers. Interception was very, turnover was costly because they was like at the one yard line you would like to think Ocho Well he fumbled in the end zone. So you like to think Ocho Yeah, they're gonna get points out of that. Maybe a touchdown. And then Mark Andrews there driving again.


He punches it out. The drop pass from the two point conversion. It's just tough because they're gonna put this at Yeah, yeah, yeah. He dropped the ball mark and you didn't play a good game. But they're gonna place this at the defeat of Lamar because he is the best player. Yeah. He's gonna be the guy that's gonna win the MVP. Not Mark Andrews. Right. Not anybody else. But listen, if you, he, he won the MVP. Right. Not only what he was able to do with his legs, but also his supporting cast. Yes. His supporting cast. You know, and, and you need to supporting cast to show up for you all the time. As much as you'd like to. Now listen, the onus is on you as a quarterback. You know when you win you get the praise. When you lose, you blame.


They gonna, they gonna let you have it. But your sporting cast has to come in for you. Especially in times like this. In times they have to. Huh? They have to. If it ocho if it was a situation where, you know, they're going back and forth and all of a sudden somebody fumbled the ball in Lamar had one of those, had one of those days where he's like five touchdowns and he doesn't turn the ball over but somebody else gets stripped or somebody, you know, ball cams off their hands. Right. He like, Hey, I don't know, that's Lamar y'all want Lamar to do. Right. The man had five touchdown passes. He didn't have a turnover. Right. That was the receiver got it pulled out. That was the running back to fumble the ball. But these situation Ocho, they had three turnovers tonight that matched their total from the last seven games.


That's, that's crazy. That's crazy. And conditions, we can't make no excuses. Yeah. They had the weather bad in Baltimore. That makes me like ocho hate. Oh the weather bro. Do you, Baltimore, what's the weather like in Baltimore? Cleveland? What's the weather like in Cleveland, Cincinnati? What's the weather like in Cincinnati? Pittsburgh? What's the weather like in Pi Baltimore plays bad weather games. Newsflash and they don't play in the Don. Right. If you didn't know better, we gonna talk about this game a little later. If I didn't tell you, if you didn't know the Rams within LA you would've think, hold on. How they, how's Matthew Stafford throwing the ball like this? How they doing? What they doing? They're not supposed to be able to do like this.


It's se in California they play in a dome. Arizona is in a dome. Right? This It Sucks. Lamar Jackson Ocho has played eight playoff games. Eight. He's had multiple turnover in half of them.


Damn. Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff,


like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it Yeah. You was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and Contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


I from, from a, from a playoff standpoint and the chance it chances at Lombardi. Right? What is the window of opportunity for the Ravens while they have, while the, while they have the team that they have right now. What do, what is their, what do you think the window of opportunity for them is to actually get to a chip? Long as they got Lamar, they still got a chance No matter What, they still got a chance. Okay. Oh Joe, he's had multiple turnovers and four and only 14 of his 94 starts. That's 15%. He's had turnovers in his eight starts 50% of the time. There it is for you. In a nutshell, you pay double for turnovers in the playoffs.


Right? Because guess what if he doesn't f if and when you turn the ball over, no matter who it is, obviously you don't want your quarterback once he leaves, once it leaves his hands. And but that last, that last those last three points. Ocho. Yeah. So now that touchdown and you kick a field goal, you in the lead, right? You're in the lead now you make, now you put the onus on them to go down and have to make plays for you. Right. I just thought I and plus look those turnovers you could have overcome them. Ocho, I just believe they got away from the running game too soon. Because you look at what they did in the third quarter, they dominated, they went back to bully ball.


We're the more physical team and all of a sudden those runs, that was one in two yards. Derrick Henry started getting 10, 10, 12. Justice Hill, he's getting 10 20. Stick with it, stick with it. Don't be, don't be disillusioned by the one to two because you know you're the ravens, you're the number one rush team in football. That's what you damn near been every year since Lamar has taken over at the quarterback position. Be true to who you are. Yeah. Yes. We know Lamar can throw the ball. Yes. But in this situation, hey, we're the more physical football team. Yeah. And we gonna, and we're gonna impose our real, our will. And the thing is, you know, za Flowers was playing and that's what you have to guard against ocho.


He was in there, they already had the lead. He catch a little jail break screen and then, you know, he runs and the guy cut thing all falls on him and it looks like it, it looked like it's innocent at the time. Right. But he's your best receiver. He's your guy that's going to the Pro Bowl and you don't have him for two games. Yeah. Now Rashad Badman played well, like played unbelievable. It's gonna be interesting to see what they do. Likely, I don't know if he's under contract, but somebody gonna pay him a ton of money if he's not. Absolutely. Because He could play, he could play, he could run. I mean he big, he can run, he agile. I mean for a guy, his side, the way he can drop his hip. Yeah. He could drop his hip. Stomp, play, cut transition.


He Do. I really like his game. Yeah. He can do, he can do everything really well. Especially if he goes to another team that is more passive centric, you know, as far as you. And he's the number one option. And he's a and he's a bigger part of the game plan. Yes sir. Sir, he's a bigger part of the game plan. Because look, first of all, Ravens are running team. We know that Za Flowers is the number one option and he's having to split split targets and, and, and, and everything with Andrews Right Now he goes, he gonna be the man to track. He gonna be the number one tight end. And now with his ability to run, the way he can catch it is catch radius. Hell, he Who would to say that? He can't be the number one option. Yeah.


That that's the, that's a possibility. Depending on the Hold on. Depending on where you go now. Yes, you Go. That's the thing. Ocho the problem, the possibility of him going somewhere is gonna be a team that needs, needs a receiving tight end. Right. And he can make those plays. Right. But it, we talk about this all the time, Ocho and, and, and, and, and when we're talking about it, you're like, what happens if Lamar don't win because we, we've already broached the subject like Ojo, he wins the MVP and he doesn't get to the Super Bowl. Yeah. What are they gonna say? He didn't even get to the championship game this year. He got to the championship game last year. Right. He didn't even get to the championship game this year. And so again, it's the games.


You lose games to the Raiders. How you lose to the Raiders? Who they lose to Ash? I know they lost to the Raiders. Oh, they lost to Cleveland. Remember they lost to Cleveland. Don't Joe. Yeah. It was like How the hell y'all lose to Cleveland? They went, they, they went away. They went away from the run. Yes. They went away from the run and that game as well. So now all of a sudden you get Baltimore to come in your building. Now, I don't know if you have enough to overtake to overtake Kansas City, but you know Kansas City beat you. So if y'all finish with the same record, they own the tiebreaker. 'cause they beat your head to head. Yeah. Baltimore lose, I mean Buffalo losing that game. Now Buffalo has a, has a type of offense that can travel because that quarterback is really, really dangerous.


Very. That's what he can play in any condition. Huh? Any condition. Right. 'cause he can throw the ball through a hurricane same as Lamar. You gotta contain him. You know he's gonna buy time and buy time and buy time and guy's gonna come open. He can run the ball. You know, you get outside the pocket and run. He can get outside the pocket and throw the ball over your head. He's really accurate. He can roll left, roll right. This team is is capable. This is what they wanted was an opportunity to get back in Kansas City. Yeah. To go back to what their, one of their most painful losses because they had to game one with 13 seconds on the clock or Joe. Yeah, They had the game in hand and they had the game.


Think about it on Joe, they had the game like four or five times Game. Davis comes to touchdown and puts him up. They pass the ball to Tyreek and he puts him up and puts Kansas City back up and the game. Davis said, nah, let, lemme show y'all something. He gets another touchdown. So now we got y'all as y'all. Hey we done put the, the stake through the, the vampire's heart. Oh. That's crazy. Listen, I mean listen man. Hey listen, I now, now back to you. Now you can't say football ball. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Jojo. You can't say that's the homie. You can football. That's the homeboy, that's the home team. Not Florida. Boyton Beach. Hold on, hold on. Now I know that.


Hold on, hold on. Now you, you talked about your Broncos, you don't, you done grabbed all your helmets. You done, you, you were talking about your trophies last week and, and all that. Nah. So I just wanna let you know, you can't say play all off. And what about You? What was that? That's, oh, Nah, nah, nah. Y'all they went home last week. They went home last week. Hold, Hold, hold. Lemme get something man. Damn. Hold on. What I got down here. Do you anything, anything. Start with a Bronco. A BA. Don't even say anything. Start with a B Nothing. Start with a R tonight. The rest of the show. And I'm still, I'm still upset them boys. You Can't, you can't.


What do I just, well, don't joke. What's that? What's that? A cup holder? Nah. Hmm. Hey Bo both your team's at home now? Yeah, he, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't feel bad don't you? Yeah, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm just being honest, huh? You know, and, and people in the chat. I'm, I'm not sure if you, if you're fan, if you're fans of the Ravens or, or or not. You ain't got nothing. I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you. I really, I, I really wanted Lamar obviously my Bengals are in it and if there was anyone, if there was a horse that the had in the race, it was just one to see Lamar get it done. IIII wanna see him get it done.


I'm, I'm, I'm just being honest. I'm just being honest. So it's it's, it's upsetting to me, you know, and, and I just, I I I know, I know what they gonna say. You Joke. Yeah. Hey on y'all lost man. Y'all lost you trying to rain on my parade. I'm not trying to rain on you. Parade. The parade is raining on you. That's the difference. It's Up a little something. I little Raven, you know, sometimes I think you forgot I played for the Ravens. You See that though? You, you played for the Ravens unc, he was there for you was there for two minutes. Whoa. Wasn't that pack? Say you can you see that pack? What'd it say? Something 35 Is Roman new at 35? I don't know. XXX five beat.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you, you know you're a Super Bowl champ. Congratulations. I want, Hey, I want a Super Bowl on Madden. Oh. Can you see me? Yeah, I can see you. I want a Super Bowl. I, I thought we, hold on. I got two teams. You got no teams and now all of us out the playoff. Listen, We can't co can't Coon on three happy. I you wanna do it? Alright. 1, 2, 3. Cancun. Hey, I guess I might well take me a drink. I'm gonna take me a drink two. Drink two.


Man, man, they got away from the run too early. Ocho. Yeah, man. Yeah, I said, I said look, don't don't be frustrated if it's not going well early rely on Derrick Henry rely on that run game. Damn. That that one hurt. But again, but again, as, as a fan of the game, as a fan, as a fan of football, again, I, I didn't have no horse in the race. Now you just Lamar's a Florida boy. Yeah, he's the only one in the playoffs that I, that i, I was rooting for, you know, on that side, you know, so if anything, boy have that. I'm, I'm rooting for you. It didn't happen. I'm happy for the Bills fans. I'm sure there are a lot of Bills fans in the chat.


Congratulations to you guys. Congratulations to Josh Allen. Now we gonna have, we gonna have a nice game coming up. Another what? A af a FC championship game. Another FC championship game. It's gonna be, it's gonna be a good one. They Beat 'em a couple years. They beat 'em a couple years ago. They beat 'em one year in the championship game. Right. Didn't they happen to be beat already? Beat the, the building in the championship. I know that divisional, that was the greatest divisional around because every play came down to the last second. Yeah. Tennessee. No, your Bingos beat Tennessee on the last second kick the ra. Who is that?


Kansas City beat Buffalo on the last second touchdown. But bo everybody every, oh the Rams, the Rams beat beat tampon on the last second kick and the 49 ERs scored and the 49 ERs beat Green Bay on the last second kick. So it was, it was, it was chaos. It was unbelievable. But man, I just feel, I I just feel bad because you know, you would've thought now a three times a, a potential three time league MVP would would've made it to the Super Bowl by now. Yeah, he's young. He's 28. But OCHO just 'cause some, Dan Marino went to the Super Bowl at 23.


Yeah. And never went back. We've gotta stop saying, oh he young. It ain't no guarantee. No you gotta take, you gotta take advantage of these opportunities. There is no guarantee because Lamar Jackson is old. He's gonna get well he got plenty to bro. That's why, that's why I asked you that question earlier. Yeah man. That's why that question as far that window of opportunity goes based on the team, the structure of the team and the players that they have right now, what are their chances And you know, I obviously whenever you have a Lamar Jackson, your your chance is good every goddamn year. Yeah. But your supporting cast does matter. So Lamar Jackson doesn't have to show the load of everything and having an feel has put the team on his back to get to a chip bet.


If there was a year you were gonna do it, it would be this year. I'm assuming they can keep everybody intact offensively and defensively. I'm not sure who, who has to leave, who's due for contracts next year as well. Another opportunity Probably Kyle Hamilton to do a contract. Yeah, but the thing is OCHO is that when you look at it, is that they really didn't have no significant injury. Derrick Henrys did a whole year. Yeah. Lamar Jackson there a whole year. He the whole year. Like the whole year. Andrew didn't get back late. The back end. Yeah. Za Zay missed the playoffs. But he was there the whole year. Yeah. For the most part. Their key guys played really well. Kyle Van Noy had what, a career year in sacks.


Yeah. Do we believe he'll have another career the year next year at some point in time. Ocho, when you take Doug Henry 1900 yards, you, Lamar Jackson had a season of seasons at some point in time. You gotta cash this in Ocho. Yeah. You can't get, you can't keep getting up to the finish line and letting somebody nip you at the tape. Yeah. You gotta, you you've got to c these moments and, and and we do this all the time. Mocho sir. Oh sir. He young. But that's not how I work in sports. Just 'cause you young. There ain't no guarantee. Yeah. Guess what? Guess who else is young? A lot of these y'all basic seem like Mahomes 40. He's only a year older than, than than Lamar.


And he's in this game. Josh Allen is a year younger. Look at all, look at these quarterbacks. Jay Daniels is how old But 23. Hell nah, he can't. Yeah he might be 23 because he transferred. He transferred, he transferred from Arizona State. Jay Daniels 24. Jay and James was 24 looking four. But you Yeah. But you look at all these quarterbacks, Josh, Allen, Joe, all these guys, they're young. Ain't none of these guys. You look at Mahomes, burrow, Lamar, Josh Allen, Bo Nicks, Jayden Daniels, all these guys. Now the older statesman is Matthew Stafford. He's 36. Yeah. Jerry Golf is in his thirties.


These young guns. They're here. Yeah, They're here. Jordan Love, Jordan Love is, is, is, is is 20 something. But the notion that oh he's young. He'll be back there ain't no guarantee. You know, you know the funny thing is, is about it, if we talk about, you know, Lamar talking about, oh he's young. He'll be back. Look at the slate of the A FC quarterbacks you just named. It's finna be hell for the next decade. Yes. Talking about you. He'll be back. Boy. All right. Mahome, Josh Allen, Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson. Who else, who else talked to me? A-F-C-A-F-C. Quarterbacks Bo Bo Nicks, Justin Herbert made the playoffs. We talking about guys, Justin Herbert. Justin made the playoffs. Yes. Yes.


We know they're gonna get, they're gonna get better and the team's gonna, the team are gonna regroup. Yeah. Because the thing is Ocho, when you play in the playoffs and you lose the team will never be the same again. The exact same players that's in that locker room today. They won't be there next year. Some players are gonna cope. Go some, hold on. Who's to say Todd Monkey doesn't get a head coaching job? Ah, See nobody ever factored that in. Right. Wait, I got another one for you. Listen, with the amount of coaches interviewing this all season it time for the Ravens to move on from John Harbaugh? No, no, I don't think so. I I think Harv did a great unbelievable job. Yeah. They won another the, I think it's disappointing Ocho 'cause again Yeah, we got a three time, we gotta have a three time league MVP.


Right. And we're not in the Super Bowl. He's won a Super Bowl. It's gonna be disappointing. It's gonna be disappointing. His career will be what his career is. Right. But if Mark Jackson doesn't get to a Super Bowl Ocho it, it's gonna be very disappointing. Yeah. It's gonna be unfulfilling because he, he promised the Ravens a Super Bowl. Yeah. He, when he got drafted Deon time asked him, what are the Ravens getting? He said The Ravens gonna get a Super Bowl outta me. You can bet you about, you can bet on that. You know, I think, you know what? Honestly, I think he going, he gonna hold true to his promise. I think he's going to hold true to his promise. He's got to old At some point. At some point you gonna to get over that hump. Huh? When you get to the playoffs and you protect the ball as opposed to how you have, you know, in, in, in other post game.


Consider your playoff gave you turn the ball over multiple times. Yeah. But that I think one, one you could manage two. Ugh. Yeah. You make, you make it difficult. You make it very, very difficult. 'cause the first one, your defense bolded their back and didn't cost you anything. The next one you turned over, they got points outta that. Points outta, So you, you, you, you gave up, you gave up points. You gave up. You allowed them to have an extra possession that they didn't deserve. Yeah. Damn man. Well I deserved but they earned it 'cause they took the ball away. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's frustrating. I can just imagine the disappointment in that locker room because the ravens, because think about Ocho, they blew 'em out.


They didn't just beat 'em by, they didn't beat 'em by a touchdown or a field goal when they came to Baltimore. Right. They blew 'em out. The game wasn't close At all. But when you in the playoffs, you gotta take care of the football. Look at it. The Rams. If the Rams don't have all them turnover, the Rams probably beat the Eagles ocho we saw last night, what happened last night? What did Detroit do? Turn the ball over all Over, turn the ball over. Ridiculous. People keep talking about Kansas City. Yeah. But Kansas City hadn't turned the ball over in eight games. Eight. You win a lot of games if you don't give the ball away.


Listen, I don't need to beat you. I'm gonna make you beat your damn self damn self by turning the ball over. That's what I'm gonna do. I don't gotta do anything Ocho I'm just gonna sit back here and watch you fumble it and throw turn interceptions. I'm just gonna sit back here and do my thing. Man. You didn't, all I know is that I'm moving on. You ain't gotta say because you know, until we growing up, they beat us. We beat ourselves. Okay. Well you weren't playing yourself. You know, yourself advancing. Right. We moving on and I just know, I I just, I just know, I know the feeling in that locker room 'cause I've been there. The Ravens believe they're the better team. They believe they should have beaten this team today and they let it slip away. Yeah. They let it slip away.


And this was, this was supposed to be the year of their redemption because of what happened last year in the a FC championship game. Mocho and I be damn it, if they didn't let another one slip away, tick tick, tick, tick, tick, tick tick, tick tick, tick tick, tick, tick, tick tick. Time was ticking because these other teams are getting going to get better too. Yeah. You you know the funny thing, even with the other teams getting better, even even with other teams getting better in the A FC in the NFC, there will still not be another Lamar Jackson. It won't. So it always gives you that hope. It always gives you that chance in the back of your mind. Even as a Raven, even as Arai a Ravens fan, you know, for those that are you in the chat that are watching, yes you have to, you're always gonna be in contention because not only are other teams getting better, you know, your owner, your GMs, your coaches have one job as well.


Continue to put pieces around the mar to make sure that you have a chance too, to get back to this point. To get back to a A SC championship at one point. To be able to play in a Super Bowl, you know, and improve your team. Can I ask you a question? Talk to me. How, how many times do you take the pretty girl lot and you don't get nothing before you stop? Three. Okay. Three. 'cause that's what the, I mean that's the pretty girl. Yeah. Lamar Jackson is that Yeah. I mean three time league MVP an all pro. I mean think about it. Lamar Jackson is the first quarterback to be a three time first team. Three time all pro quarterback in his first seven.


He's the first, think about all the quarterbacks. Peyton, Tom, Aaron Rogers, John Elway, Dan Marino name a quarterback none. Yeah. Has done what Lamar Jackson has done. He's a three time first team all pro quarterback in his first seven years. That's, that's crazy when you think about it. That's just how dynamic and special young Boy, Montana, young Brett Favre name a quarterback, all your great quarterbacks. The one that's what Tom Brady, Tom Brady's only been a three time first team or, or or quarterback three times in 23 seasons, 22 seasons have along, he's played, he's a three time Lamar Jackson has done that three times in his first seven years.


About to be a three time, a three time. He's about to win, have more MVPs in his first seven years than any quarterback. But at the end of the day, Ocho you know, it counts more in the playoffs. But that's what they judge. Regular seat. That's what they judge the quarterbacks off. Anyway. That's it. No other player really. No other player gets judged off the playoffs like the quarterback does. 'cause that's why, that's how he makes, that's how he makes his money. Yeah. That's how, that's how he makes his name. If you want to be look, you could be great, but if you wanna be iconic. Yeah. The playoffs of, where is that Kobe Bird Magic Jordan Broun Iconic.


Yeah. Shaq, Montana, rice, Mahomes, Brady put iconic. It put you into another stratosphere. It puts you into another conversation. The conversation separates you from everybody else. Oh, there've been a lot of NFL players in NFL. There've been a lot of NFL quarterbacks in the NFL, but you become iconic and almost, Well we had, I think it's of OCHO players, coaches, general managers front office over 25,000. Damn. 25,000. 25,000. Yeah. Now you talk about the Hall of Fame, that's, I think it's less than 400.


But when you talk about historic and iconic players, Lamar Jackson has an opportunity that when you talk about the NFL, you cannot mention anything about the NFLO quarterbacks without saying L Jack's name. Yeah. That's what he has an opportunity to do. You know, you know what's funny, and even now, even at this point with no Super Bowl, with no Super Bowl, you can't talk about the story of the quarterbacks throughout the entirety of the NFL without mentioning his name now. So imagine what happens when he gets over the hump because you can't tell the story. You can't tell the story of quarterbacks based on what he's done once he wins this MVP without mentioning his name. But what now? You win a Super Bowl when the Bradys and the Montanas and the Mahomes having a discussion, let roll a which which y'all guys' talking about.


I'm at the table, don't you? Well, Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm at the table. Yeah. Damn man. Yes, he's special. Yeah. All it takes is one. And I, and my, and I've said this, I believe if he can get one, and I hate using the caveat if, but if he can just get one, I believe the floodgates will open. Yeah. I believe the floodgates are, I believe the floodgates for Lamar Jackson will open. And boy, it's hard. I mean, you think about it. Marino was 23 and went to the Super Bowl, won the MVP and never been back.


It took, I mean, John went, John went, I think John came in, what, 21, 83, 84, 85, right. 86. He went to the Super Bowl in 86, went in 87, went back at 89. Ain't win it. John won the Super Bowl in year 15. In year 16. That's Kelly number one won. Moon never won. I mean, think about it. They were killing Steve. Young, Young. Steve Young was winning MVPs just like Lamar. Yeah. It wasn't until he won that Super Bowl. He got that bear off his back. Once you get that monkey off your, Hey look, you, you ever ran the 400? Of course You know what it's like when you come, when you're coming out that, that, that, that, that curve on that 300 Monkey, That monkey jump on your back coming down that street right away.


Yep. All right. And that's, and that's what it takes all Lamar. That's what La that's Steve Young. He had to get that. He had to get that one Right. Get that one once. That's it. But Buffalo do what it needed to get done, did what it needed to do. And they win 25, 27, 25. Mark Andrews has an opportunity to tie the game up, potentially send the overtime. But there was gonna be a minute and 30 something seconds on the clock so Buffalo could've gone down and got a field goal or a touchdown. We'll never know. Yeah, but True. Don't forget, congratulations.


Any, any Bills fans in the Chads Bills Bill. Congratulations. Yeah, congratulations. They got great fans. Ojo, they got unbelievable fans to get to get a new stadium. State of the art couldn't happen to a, I don't know if you've ever, have you ever played in Buffalo? Yeah, of course. I played against Eric Mos PIL Price. I played, They got some of the best fans. I played Buffalo a few times. Played, but all they got all Look, they got, they ain't got no basketball team. No. They got the Sa Saab, Buffalo Saab Hockey. But man, those fans, they, they, those, they as Bleed Bills. Bills. Yeah. They, they look, I've been to a lot of places. I played in Denver. Great fans, everybody know the Broncos. Kansas City.


Oh my god. Arrowhead. Those fans dressed in all red. They're out there cooking out the game. Starts at at what one? Well actually started at noon because they're on Central Time. They're out there early Cleveland. Yeah. They just, they, they ain't even come close to getting to the Super Bowl since the eighties. Yeah. And those fans, but Buffalo Is different. Buffalo Buffalo's fans in the class of their own. They're in the class of their own when it come, when it comes to not just enjoying the game, not just supporting your team. We talk about having fun and doing it right. Doing it, doing it the, doing it the right way and making the most of your time.


Shh man, Buffalo Best Rider, win the Super Bowl. Whoever they beat that quarterback, your charity, go get an influx of money. Oh yeah. Hey, listen. The the But then a, the Organization, the fan, the fans themselves when it comes to that and giving back even to opposing teams, whatever, whatever the cause may be. Pure Fing class. They are From, from Congratulations to the Buffalo Bills. They move on to the a FC championship game to face the Kansas City Chiefs with a win over the Ravens 27 25 on a failed two point conversion.


But hey, it happens Ravens there's next year, but at some point in time it's gonna be time up for next year. Next year is now.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like, it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts and you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


The Eagles defeated the Rams 28 22 Philadelphia advances to the NFC championship game for the second time in three years. They will host the commanders next Sunday in an all NFC East Clash. Saquon rushed for 2 0 5. Remember he had 2 55. The first game this the second time this season, he's exceeded 200 yards rush against the Ram. The majority of the yardage came on. Two carries. He had a 78 yarder. He had a 62 yarder. Jalen hurt suffered his knee injury in the second half but was able to finish the game. Yeah, Ocho, you and I talked last night. I'm not gonna let Sequan beat me. Yeah, if Jalen Hurst throw, if Jalen Hurst throws for an efficient 250 yards, three touchdowns, I walk to the middle field.


Hey, good luck next week. Whoever y'all play against the commander's man, you are hell a player. Yeah, that's what I do. I'm not gonna let Saquon beat me and I be damnit they didn't let Saquon beat him. You, you have to remember right, we got lay, we got Lane Johnson, we got lane across the board, the average as far as weight, weight goes. But the Rams offensive defensive line is undersized. Huh? They're underside. They tried, they had some moments where they were able to contain Saquon, but at some point when you keep chopping that wood, at some point it's gonna break.


At some point it's going to crack. And that's exactly what happened due to them being so undersized up front. Even, even if you stacking nine in the box, you know, once they come off the ball, they bully them boys up front. They definitely did that. They Bullied them boys up, up front. So you, and it takes so much pressure off Jayden. It takes so much pressure off Jayden hurts too. It takes so much pressure off him because he don't have to do much. 'cause Quan is carrying the load. Same situation over there in Baltimore. Put the ball in your bell cow's hands and let 'em take the game over for you. But, but Philly never got away from that.


Yeah, they didn't. They didn't. That's the problem. Ocho Baltimore got away from it for a a quarter. Why? And you look at some place they had, Saquon got stopped but you let him get that hole and he stepped to the side piece to Bow. You know what's so funny? Did he take them small steps when he running and is faster than every damn body and never get caught line? The thing is, he's quick. The thing is he has great balance.


If you look at the crossover, his step like they give him the ball and he steps outside and when he sees a crease, He gone, he he hit it, he hit it and he hit another gift. He stepped on it man. Yeah. The first one that he, he stepped on it gone. The la the 78 yard of Ocho. He's like outta There. And that was just a ha ocho. That wasn't a talk. That was just a handoff. Handoff. Yeah. And then he crosses over, boom. And he exploded a pair of fumbles on back to back drive, set the rams back significantly. The red Matthew Stafford had LA in the red zone. I thought LA was gonna do it 'cause Pook, NACO made a heck of a catch over.


Slay or with or Darius slay with a chance. And then on fourth down, but Ocho, I'm looking at, there was some miscommunication with the center and the right guard because on back to back plays, you turn Jalen Carter, Jalen Carter, I don't know. I'm not, I'm not going away from him. Yeah. I'm Not going away from him. The center, The center looked right and the guard slid to the right and then he went to the left and then tried to come back and by the time he came back he was sacking Stafford. I'm like, fuck young boy. I'm Like bro, why would you do doing listen, Hey y'all handle that over there. I gotta worry about this one. Yeah. Yeah. This is the one I gotta worry. He's the one and they did, he did it again on fourth down, down.


I'm trying to figure out, I'm like, bro, I'm not. Listen on the defense Ocho Yeah. If you got Reggie White, if you got Bruce, you got lt. I respect everybody on the offensive line. Defensive line because you in the league. But I'm not, Hey, it's like, it's like ad why would you double, why would you slide, why would you double someone else other than Aaron Donald. Right. Why would you double someone else other than JJ Watt? Why That's Jalen Carter. Yeah. And you Can have, he's the most, he's the most disrupted right now. Right. And I said this, if he ever got in shape because I saw him in college. Yeah. Not his last year. Last year he was bull driving.


But when he hungry and motivated and I think he's motivated now because he got some, he's a all pro, he's a pro bowl player. Ocho, if in the next three years he's not a defensive player of the year, I ain't talking about a candidate. I'm say the def defensive player of the year where they tell it call his name defensive player of the year is Jalen Carter. He should be be disappointed. Yes. That's the accountability that this young man has. He's explosive. He can play the run. He's disruptive. He can pressure your quarterback. He punched the ball out because he did a great day. Yeah. One hand on the and punch the ball outta Kyron Williams hand. Well yeah. Yeah man. He has, he has all the tools now.


He should be thinking, man, hell, I'm thinking, I'm thinking hall of Fame, I'm thinking eight. They need to start getting me ready for the size 52, a 54 jacket. He has that kind of ability. Does he, does he know it though now? If he can, if he can channel all that and understand how great he is or how good he is now it's all about him understanding what you can see. Watching from home. We can see the greatness in him. Oh he's special. He got to understand it and funnel all that energy into his craft. He's so quick. He could be the best. He can be one of the best they ever do it. He showed up so he's so quick off the ball Ocho for a man his size, man, his size ain't supposed to be that kind of explosive Now.


Not his first step is not supposed to be that fast. And he's powerful. I don't, I don't know if he's weight room strong, Ocho, I don't know if he can bench 500 pounds and squat all that. But I'm talking about football strength to take a man. I said that that's, that's the way you could tell somebody can you move a man against his will. Against His will. Yeah. I knew you were gonna say that. Can you move him against his will when he said, man, I ain't going nowhere the hell you say this plot of land. When when I, when I think about it, I got three defensive tackles, right? Yeah. 3, 3, 3, 3 defensive tackles that were not only weight room strong, but on the field it showed up as well.


And then their, their first step quick as hell. Now watching Jalen Carter, he's one that's, that's been able to do it. Aaron Donald weight room strong. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. But also his quickest A technical a a technical savage. Yes. With a quick, with a quick step. I got two more for you though. Who do you Got? Remember Big Sam Adams? Oh yeah. I remember I played with, I played with Hammer Man Big Sam had one of the, one of the quickest first steps man to be that size but also weight room strong. Yes. And the one that take the cake, the only man I've ever seen put 40 fives on the bench bar to where it is. It's no room left. And you can't put no more on there with the quickest first step as well.


That goddamn vwo folk man Walk. And then he up under the bench talking, holding the conversation and with all the place the bar bending. Wow. Bar ain't even straight no more. He got all the 40 fives on the, I don't even know how much it was having people in the chat. If, you know, if you lift weights you could tell me, please tell me how much we have all the 40 fives on the bench bar where you can, you, you can't put no more on there. He holding the conversation with me. We in the weight room and he talking to me and slow. I'm not talking about bringing it down and coming back up right away. I'm talking about slow. What the hell you beat What Man?


I love a watching him, you know, obviously watching Jalen Carter, like I said, I, I was disappointed in him because I thought he Bull J this last year, he knew he was gonna be a top pick. The Eagles got a bargain. The Eagle should have never been able to get him at 10. But he had some, he had some issues, he had some red flags, got a couple, you know, some trouble with the law and speeding and the situation that got himself into some trouble. But he supposed to have been the number one overall pick. That's how good he is. That's how good he is. Damn. That's, that's the accountability that he has. And I, and I think now he's starting to learn it. Hopefully Fletcher, Fletcher Cox who was was there and retired. Go ahead.


Hopefully he got an opportunity to talk to him. Said Son, you can be, look, you got Reggie White's potential. Everybody know what Reggie, the minister of the defense, everybody know what Reggie was. Reggie brought it every game, every play, whether he was in Philly or he was in Green Bay, he retired, came back for his last year, played one year. And in Carolina people don't realize that Reggie played a year in Carolina because he, you know, he had at that point in time, I think he had retired. Him and his wife Sarah had got a place on Lake Norman. Man, Jaylen Carter, this Eagles team was gonna be a, everybody thought they was gonna be going to Detroit. They was like, no, we got the a FC, we got the NC championship game on our field and we got a team.


It is gonna be a great game. It's gonna be a great game. 'cause both games were close. Both games were close don't you? Yeah, they won by eight on their field and then Washington end up winning in that last and sudden death wasn't overtime, but they end up winning on the last second when he threw that touchdown pass like four or five seconds. And the thing with Washington is because of their quarterback Ocho, they believe they got a chance because look how many games that they won on the last possession. Yeah. The last throw of the game. So we don't believe we out of any game long as we got that Guy. Yeah, It's gonna be a good one. I wonder, I wonder what the weather, I wonder what the weather's gonna be like.


But you know, in DC bad DC cold. Yeah, DC and just as cold, bad. Really just as cold. Yeah. You'll get you, you'll probably get, you'll probably get, I mean it started the game. Look at the feel how it looked like. Ooh, it's just gonna be cold and next thing you know, no snow. Yeah. So it's pro, it's probably gonna be that next week. Same thing Ocho That's gonna, Eagles fans showed up outside the Rams team hotel today and started trash talking to players this morning. This comes after LA's Jared verse said last week that he hates Philly and all their fans, Jalen Carter approached verse pregame offered to put the championship game bonus on the line verse decline. Yeah.


Listen, bur might have burst, might have talked it trash, but boy did that. Well he showed up today. Well he gonna be defensive rookie of the year. He showed up today. He verse showed up today. As much, as much as that's that's, listen as a team, the team didn't win. But when you talk trash like that before a game, he backed it all up. Oh yeah. He backed it all up with his play. He was all over the place. He was there. Jayla hears hell, Hey, I like, I like Jayla, Carter, Jayla, Carter said, Hey, you c this put your, put your shit bonus up, money Up, put your money up. He wasn't gonna do that. Oh, I was just playing.


Nah man. Nah, I was just playing on your man. You know, I I mean, yeah. Hey, you know what, you know as a rookie, you ain't putting that money on the line, Uhuh. Yeah. Nah, Uhuh Don't play. Like what? I mean, what did they get 77 grand for winning win it today. Yeah. Everybody, you know, when you get to the playoffs, everybody's checking. Oh yeah y'all, I don't like, I I don't like that I'm taking a pay cut because I know my check, I know my check look like in the regular season and y'all get me what it wa first of all, it wasn't near this Right. What I played. So you can just imagine when I went to that, I was, I retired 20 years ago Ocho So you could know the checks wasn't nowhere near this. So I definitely would've been, I wouldn't have bet. Oh, I would've bet like Green Bay 'cause they was talking that ish.


I definitely would've bet all them bu bums. Right? I I definitely would've bet all them for sure. Man. It's gonna be a, it's gonna be a great game. It's gonna be a, I don't know if who, who had this, if you who had Washington and Philly on your bingo card in the NFC championship, I think a lot of teams had b They might have had Philly, they might have had Philly in it. Exactly. But not Washington. No. Everybody either had Kansas City, you had some combination. Kansas City, Buffalo, Kansas City, Baltimore, Baltimore, Buffalo. That was the combination that you had in the A FC.


So I don't think anybody's surprised that we see Buffalo in Kansas City. I think there's a lot of people in shock other than people like, you know, earthquake Quake is a big Washington fan, you know? Right. There are a lot of people that, that are, that are, that are commander fans that grew that like, man, man, I'm tired of this losing somebody. I think somebody asked me today, man, do we got a chance? I'm like, yeah, you got a chance. It's a football game. But I wasn't gonna put no money on Washington, not against Detroit. I I said the same. I said the same thing when they, they asked me, I said, listen Jayden, I say Jayden Daniels has had a phenomenal season, but with the Detroit Lines have been able to do all season outside of losing two games and having some games where, where Jerry Goff turned the ball over, they were still able to come out with a win and be victorious.


I don't see, see them beating Detroit. I don't either. And, and that was based off my eyes and what I saw. Correct. Even though Jayden Davis was playing phenomenal football and boy did he prove me wrong. Well, hell, when you turn the ball over four or five times, what do you expect? And you gave him a touchdown on you let him score points on their po on your possession. Yeah. Six pick six. Yeah. You right. Then you took points off the board. 'cause you, you, you, you were late with Williams on the post route and you allow, you allowed Undercut it. Yes. And then they run a allow, they run a a a a pass. They let Jameson, why would y'all throw he throwing the ball Ocho cover or not?


He gonna throw it. Hold on now. You, you know better than now. Unc. Now listen, IIII can attest when we run it in practice, they let you know if it's one-on-one you give you play, tuck the ball and run or throw the Out of bounds. We live to see another down Ocho, we told her if he not wide open, don't you throw that ball. I'm ocho I'm saying wide open. Open. Yeah, clear, wide open. If he's not wide open, don't you throw it, take tuck it and run or let somebody get a souvenir.


Right. Oh Lord. But you can't turn what golf had what four turnovers they had. I think they had five total. Who you beating? No. Nobody. You ain't beating. Listen, you ain't beating the Sisters of the North If they had a a damn flag team full. No, no, no. But it's gonna be a great game. I think it's gonna be a, hopefully it's a great game. Jay Daniels had a phenomenal season. I mean, I couldn't even imagine to see a rookie in the Super Bowl. Hold on. Not not in the Super Bowl. Mind you, you're playing in New Orleans. You know what New Orleans is, right?


Oh yeah. Couple is what hour from Bat Baton Rouge. Not, Not only is it an hour, you just came from LSU Think about, think about the story in the know. Yeah. From LSU back in New Orleans, you are in a dome. So we already know how he plays when the weather's clear. If I'm not, I'm just saying, I'm just hypothetically speaking it would be Yeah. We talking. Yeah. People were to make it. My goodness, My goodness's. It's crazy how good this young man is. Yeah. And everybody talking about the Bears should have no, if he's into Bears, he's not doing what he's doing. 'cause guess what? Cliff Kingsbury isn't there. Yeah. Yeah. Cliff Kingsbury isn't there.


Y'all think he's doing this without Kingsbury. Kingsbury has a relationship. If, if you go back to look at it, Murray, when rookie the year, his ability to, to resonate with quarterbacks, quarterbacks he was calling plays for, for Johnny Manzel when Johnny wasn't the Heisman. Yeah. That's crazy. Go back and look at his work with quarterbacks. As a matter of fact, I think he was the head coach of Mahomes. Wasn't he the head coach of Mahomes when Mahomes at Texas Tech, his tech? I'm almost certain. Yeah. When Mahomes threw for over almost 800 yards or Joe in a game. So guys, it is easy to say he should be, oh, the bear should have trade.


Y'all actually think Jayden Daniel was gonna do that without Kingsbury. Come on. Now it is easy to say that. Yeah, Trey, but you gotta trade all the other intangibles that go along with him, right? Is William Quinn gonna be there? Is Cliff Kingsbury gonna be there? Y'all believe he doing that? Whatever he flues and that offensive and that offensive coordinator. Absolutely not. There's no creativity. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Ard to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.