
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies?


Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where designer shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend.


Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho, comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW. And we're back folks. It looks like Jim from sales just got in from his client lunch and he's gotten receipts. His next meeting is in two minutes. The team is asking can he get through his expenses in that time? He's Going for it. Is that his phone? He's snapping a pick. He's texting Ram Jim is fast, but this is unheard of. That's it. He's done it. It's unbelievable. On ramp expenses are faster than ever. Just submit them with a text.


Switch your Business to ramp.com. The Volume We talked about LeBron Tweet last night, this is what he said. Oak Halle, effing hoofing. The lams who said he was overrated. Quiet as hell. That boy nice. Even more someone, everyone would love to play with. This is what Rachel Nichols said. If you look at how many players even answered who's overrated question only 90 of the 450 players in the NBA, then you see only 14.4% of the 90 voted for Tyree Halliburton.


It masks out to 13 guys. Obviously it should have been zero, but the NBA is the most petty league on earth. Oh, what do do you think about the player? Are are we making, are we making too much out of this thir basically 13 players said Halle was overrated. I mean, yeah, we making too much out of it. Okay. I think he, he's, he's a great team player. He do what for his team to win. He ain't, You know, he come trying to average 25 points. There's a team that moved the ball around. Everybody get the ball to the open guy and You know, the team must feel happy with what he do. 90 night out. They gave him the guarantee, You know, they gave him an extension like two years ago.


Yeah. Gave Max a ago and yeah. And plus he's on the dream team and I think that he, he's a good kid. He, the face, You know, for the Pacers, like I said, they back to back. He to come, You know, finals. So, hey, every team need a guy. You know, you ain't gotta be the guy that average 25 points to and need that guy that you can go to and, and know that he got your back and he seemed like he's a real gentle guy and You know, all the teammate praise him. So, hey, You know, people gonna always, You know, say this and that about your game. But as long as You know what you bring to your team, that's all matters. That's All that matters. Oh, I told, I told unc right? I said the players that actually voted that might've said something I just said, they only said it because his game wasn't aesthetically pleasing.


It wasn't nice to watch. It is beautiful to watch God Kyrie Kyrie Irving, it's beautiful to watch Shea what he does. Right. You know, it's it beautiful to watch Steph shoot threes and, and come off pick and rolls and, and, and pick and pop and all that stuff. It's beautiful watching Kevin Durant, You know, come off something and, and pull up, pull up in the midi. But when you watch Halliburton, it is not pretty. But he gets the job done, Get the job done, he gets the job done. He the second he on the third, second, third tier guy, he not in the top tier of the NBA. But You know what, everybody, I have a a guy on the team to be the leader, be the captain. So he's that guy. So if he don't have a 25, but they still win, that's what's best for the team. So You know everybody into the crossover behind your back and Juan re finish at the rim, curry shoot one leg, half, four shots.


G is coming down the gut dunking on everybody, You know, ad You know, do what he do. But that's what make your team go LeBron facilitate for his team. Get everybody involved. I mean, everybody got a different job when you are a leader. My thing is where you, at the last two years, it's hard to critique his game in a bad way because the team is there. It's a team effort and he's at the stake of the team. Nick Van Exel has a theory on the increased Achilles tears. He said there've been an Achilles tear throughout the years. But my thoughts on them is that they happen more now than I think it something has to do with them. Shoot them damn lows the players wearing nowadays. Cover them ankles up. Fellas, you think it has something to do with the shoe that the guys are wearing?


Or what do you think the problem is? I mean, a lot of guys getting hurt wearing low tops. Now they, it is cute shoes, but when you playing ball, you gotta, you gotta be tightened up. Yeah. And for all safeties, this and that. But they, like I said, they're doing more running too. They getting up down the court more. They turning more. We usually play up and down. Now they playing sideways and up and down. Yeah. So it ain't physical, but you still getting up and down. You put miles on them shoes. Lemme ask you a question though. And then did you, did you do guys, did guys tape their ankles? Do guys tape their ankles or do they play free? I don't think they tape. I think we played 90% tape. Now it's probably 20% tape because when we played, if you get hurt, if your ankle get twisted and you can't play, they gonna find you.


Damn. They don't do that no more. Oh yeah. They just find guys. So that's why most guys in our era, they played with the ankles, You know, sole ankles or this and that because they was taped. But now they taped, they, they don't get 'em taped and they twisted 'em. They got the missed two or three weeks. Right. Because I got, I take, I don't know how you, did you tape your ankles on your Yeah. For fashion? Not, not, not for no, no support you got And I, I like to feel the ground. Unc, I can't feel the ground with tape on my ankles. I need, I need to be flexible in a sense. You know, I was a Reebok at that time, You know, Reebok had had uniforms and stuff. Right, right. I had them take a a OI had 'em take all the cushion and, and Right what you call it, the lining outta my shoe.


Yeah. Two. So my cleat, my cleat was nothing but a, a a shell and some shoe like Right. I need to feel everything. It was like I had a track spike on. So you wore like a soccer shoe. Exactly. I need, I need to feel the floor every time I touch the floor. So we, hey, when we played with Pat Riley, we had to tape and shoot around What? And shoot around. Yeah. Yeah. We had to tape sometime and shoot, if we lose a game by 20 points or something, we had to get next shoot around. We had to come in tape because you running suicides and all. Yeah. Pat, pat Riley, he made sure he was in shape, body fat, everything. Wait suicides at the NBA level because you lose a game.


I mean, it felt like that. Yeah. I mean that's how he, You know. Yeah. He, he, hey, he get all the miles on them shoes. Achilles and ACL injury this season alone. Deonte Murray tore his achilles. Dame li Dame tore his, Jason Tatum tore his, Isaiah Jackson tore his Achilles. Drew Smith ruptured his Achilles Kyrie Grant. Williams de Anthony Melton and Maurice Wagner both all to ACL with, and Grant Williams had meniscus damage. I tape, I taped that to my, directly to my skin. Yeah. So I would tape directly to my skin. Think you got no pre wrapp?


Huh? You ain't got no pre wrapp? I ain't got no pre wrapp. I got mold skin, You know. Oh tape. You know that thick mo skin, You know that thick tape, the pull up I had the mo skin and then I had that brown tape Ocho. Okay. You know that brown tape, they gotta take the scissors to Cut. Okay. Okay. That's what I mean. That's how I take, that's how I take my ankles. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Wow. I didn't have no pre wrapp. No pre wrapp. No. I thought that was the, the, the, the thin. No, I had that brown, I had that brown tough ass tape that they had to take the scissors to cut. Oh, I know what you're talking about. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. My ankles were bad man. I, I, I couldn't, I couldn't chance it on Joe. Yeah. Now I didn't take, now that's in the game now. I did, I did regular tape in practice. Right. But for the game.


Oh, okay. But here's the thing. OI wore. But You stopping and go in the game a lot Though. Yeah, but see the thing was is that I Wore, I wore high to, I wore a mids and then later in my career I went to the low. Oh, okay. But see, because, but I didn't roll my ankle. Like a lot of people rolled their ankle over the top. I returned mine in. Ah, Because people, people would fall over, would drag me down. Ocho and the ankle rolled in. I know what you're talking about. Because they pulling you from behind too, huh? Yes. Yes. And they put, They putting their weight on you. Weight you down. He'll drop tackle. Yeah. And they put their weight on you. Yes. Sit caught. You get caught right underneath. Yep. I think we play guards, like point guards, two guards by wear lows.


But all the big guys, they wearing highs. No, they wouldn't wear no low top. Somebody seen the paint with low top, they gonna knock you in the head. But see, hey. Oh, you remember when we grew you a little older than me. Oh, but you remember Chuck Taylor's guy used to play Chuck Taylor. Oh yeah. Up and down Ain't have no cushion, ain't have nothing. Twist Ankle. Them Chuck Taylors just like, remember them Pro gis? They was Chuck Taylors. Yeah. No, are pulled good. Hey on. I played UNC and I played with Jaron Ennis with Boots in Philly and Gilly Gilly was there too. And they had a celebrity basketball game. I played in, I wore black hot black high tops, black high top Chucks, some Chuck Taylors.


And they looking at me, they looking at me crazy. Everybody else in out there, You know, with the Res and the kds and the LeBrons and the, You know, and the Jordans. Man, my eye dropped by 12 out there, man. In a pair of Chuck, I'm moving. And everybody else. When you ain't got your shooting taped up? No, because when I'm wearing them, Chuck Taylors on. I can feel the flow. Yeah. I could feel everything. Yeah. It just, it just, it felt so comfortable. And everybody looking at me like, boy, you crazy, boy, you gonna twist something. I say, man, I'm, I'm good. Dr. J's the one. Yeah, Dr. J back in the days. And then, and then they came out the cons. Because You know, like when Dr. J, everybody wore condoms. Ain't nobody wore in the early eighties. Ain't nobody in the late, in the seventies and the eighties. Ain't nobody wore Nike.


Right. Nike didn't take off till Jordan got there. Everybody wore the con, the Dr. J Kas, they wore the Magic Johnson weapons. They wore the Larry Bird weapon. Huh? What you mean weapon? What what brand? That's what they, that's what they call the Converse. That's what magic and, and a bird would call and the Dr. J Bird. Dr j Kas, that's what they were heavy. But that's what everybody wore. And then when, You know, there were a few guys that wore like Iceman Moses Malone had had Nike contracts. Nike. Yeah. But The Converse was the shoe. The only person that I remember wearing Adidas old, correct me if I'm wrong, was Kareem. Kareem had the top 10. Adidas. Kareem, he was the only guy that I saw with, with Adidas. Everybody else normally had Converse and there were a few guys sprinkled in there that had on Nikes, Hey, they did it.


Hey. Oh, did they wear a pony back in the days Pony had basketball shoes. Oh, Onny. Yeah, Spud, we wore ponies. Yeah. Well, yeah. Some people Wore a pony was Spud Webbs and Robert Parris wore ponies. Okay, okay. Okay. Everybody had a pair of pony cleats. Man, as a little kid, man, I had pony cleats too. And back then Pony Was big back then Pony Was big back then. They were, they were. But You know, back then on when, when I was like in, in middle school and high school, the posters. So you had the ice man sitting on the block of ice. Oh Yeah. The two balls. You had the poster Ice. Yeah, the poster was the big, was was huge back then. And I had a bunch of posters.


You know, I had a bunch of posters with Bird and I had a, a bunch of posters with everybody else. They'd probably be worse. Something now. But you, back then you didn't, you, you wasn't even thinking, you wasn't even thinking about, man d gonna be worse something. Right. My grandma like, well, you need to throw that issue in the trash, junk it up my house. An anonymous player on the Nugget says, Russell Westbrook is immature Pearl Ramona Shelburn. According, according to Ramona's article, she reported minutes after the Nuggets lost game two in the first round series against the Clippers. Edelman had a problem while he had been at post-game lectern. There had been a heated discussion between Westbrook and Gordon in the locker room. Multiple sources told ESPN. Gordon had challenged Westbrook about his attitude outside the locker room.


One player relayed why Gordon might have done so. He so immature. He said, A Westbrook first. Russ wife Nina came to defense on ig. Why the nug nuggets title holds might hinge on a volatile player in the NBA. You should be ashamed, volatile. You should be ashamed for so many reasons. I'll let you decipher them. Jay Williams doesn't want to hear excuses for Nicola Yoki that, oh this, who said, oh, this is what she wrote at Ramona. She ESPN dirty work when put on Ramona, how could you share and spread so many lies randomly for no reason. And with such conviction, you using his name for clickbait during the playoffs. Which is ridiculous.


Trust me, I know the facts about every, about literally everything. Normally I let you guys tell your silly lies in peace enough already. Stop with the lies. Go nuggets. Hey, I, You know, players do, do get into it. They do all the time. You know that they do. I'm not sure why, why is this even, why is this even nude? Okay, there's a disagreement. Okay. I don't, I don't, I don't like the way you act sometimes. I mean, that, that just, that's life. It's, that's sport for people that have never been a part of a locker room or any type of organized activity. This happens all the goddamn time.


Yeah. Who even news? Hell, shit. I'm sure it was some time Carson didn't like some of the stuff I did. Yeah, I'm sure with time with Coach Lewis didn't like some of the stuff I did stuff. What did they tell me? Hey, well, I don't like that, but I, I need you to chill a little bit. Shit. Big Willie, big Willie told me, stop talking to the defensive lineman in TV timeouts. You don't have to deal with him. I said he, Hey, big Willie shouldn't be that big a deal. I'm just talking shit. He said, yeah, you talking trash, but we gotta block. Yeah, you talking trash. There's people you ain't gotta block. Right. So, I mean, okay, okay, I get it. There was certain things that, I mean, it happens.


Yeah, you have, you have, You know, little riff wraps and, okay, these, they got into it. So what Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well, with a Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again.


Go to gemini.com/card. Start building your Bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025. And spend $3,000 in your first 90 days terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees. Ryan Reynolds here from Tmobile, I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint mobile today.


I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com Hosting seasons. Here are your Windows guest ready early access to blinds dot com's. Memorial Day Mega sale is on now. Save up to 40% sitewide and get a free measure. blinds.com invented a better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing. No showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home. Whether you're a DIY warrior, prefer the white glove treatment or somewhere in between. blinds.com can help.


Our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. Plus we can even handle everything from measure to install style. Every room effortlessly with classic shutters for living spaces, blackout for bedrooms, motorized options for ease. Shades for your patio too. With over 25 million windows covered and 40,005 star reviews, blind.com is the trusted name and custom window treatments all backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Early access to blinds dot com's Memorial Day Mega Sale is happening now. Shop and save up to 40% sitewide plus a free measure@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply. Hello, It is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff.


That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG w group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Yeah, I I I've been very fortunate to be in locker rooms when stuff didn't get out. I, I think now, You know, I don't know if people pillow talk. I don't know. Hey, everybody a chatty boy.


Yeah. Everybody chatty Patty. They, they can't wait. And there's a certain player that knows all the god damn reporters and always wanna leak some stuff. Yeah. Oh, it always comes from about somebody inside that inside The house. Yeah, because I, I was look that, that's one thing. How was work? It was work. I don't, I mean, what we practiced, we met, we practice. Oh, such and such. I, such and such call and said, I said I don't know nothing about that. And I don't go no further. I know somebody called you and said this, but don't you call somebody else and say that. Right. Because I don't want that issue coming up because, 'cause at the end of the day, you are a representation of me. Keep your mouth closed.


What somebody else got going on that ain't got issue to do with you. You worry about this house, all that other stuff that's going on out there that ain't got nothing to do with you. What did you I don't know about nothing. It ain't my business to know. It's my business to know Shannon's business and what goes on here. What you doing? That's my business. All that other stuff, what they're doing. I let them worry about that because I can't control their house. I ain't in their house, so I don't know what you're talking about. Well he, he said, well she, I don't see that. That's the problem right there. He said, and now you repeating it.


I I, I don't, I don't get down like that. I don't wanna hear nothing about what going on in somebody else house. If it's not football related, I ain't got anything to do With it. I'm a, I'm like a bro. All all I'm saying, I ain't gonna go. Hey, you need to, you need to tighten your screws down a little bit. You are a little loose out here. Mad sharp. What you mean? What you mean? Hey, sharp, don't go out. But if sharp know how did he know? Yeah, Okay. Yeah. So I'm just going Oh, okay. Okay. You right, you right, you're right, you're right. Okay. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, because I'm telling you, You know the, I don't know how you do it wherever you were, but Mike ain't gonna play that.


Mike will get rid of your ass. Yeah. Quick, quick, quick, quick. So anything that's going to, that's gonna take your focus away from, from, from, from winning ball games. Right. Not being attentive. You know, look here. That's one thing. Hey, you came to work at, hey, when you went to Dub Valley, Bronco Parkway, Paul, you went to work, all that, all that, all that other stuff. And because I see, I try to tell, I try to warn him. 'cause we had, see we one of the first teams that had cameras throughout the whole building in meeting rooms.


Yeah. Big meeting rooms. Training. I said, y'all do know y'all run outta here, y'all get on the phone, y'all run outta here and you get on your cell phone. That's okay Man. Okay. Hey, hey. You know what I'm saying? Oh, hey, Hey listen, I'm, I'm laughing, I'm laughing 'cause I'm guilty, boy. Hey You, hey. You know the old people, the old people like, okay, No, That's what my grandma, my grandma wasn't home. She like, That's it. Nah. Huh. Hey, hey, well hey, hey you, you brought back some memories, boy. Oh Joe, you brought back memories For that time.


I didn't have to be, I wasn't on special team, but on Friday, so Friday they was like, hey, and, and, and special teams coach would always say, Hey, we gonna do hands team so don't worry about it. We'll go over it. Just be out there on the field, blah, blah, blah. Right. So I didn't really have to get the meetings till, You know, nine o'clock. But anyway, okay, we got a break. So, You know, we got a big meeting, Mike. We got the big thing. And then we gonna break up and defense gonna go in the area. Offense stays here. And then after the offense, we gonna be okay. We got a 10 minute break. 'cause we gonna break up an individual. We gotta tight ends to run it back to wide receivers. Yeah.


And I was like, man, sharp man, you ain't, man, you ain't never on the phone, man. You what I mean. Damn. I said, lemme ask you a question. Where do you think my girl think I'm at? Mm. Where do you think I think she's at? Because see, y'all calling to check up. If I gotta do that, I gotta get me a new girl. I don't, I ain't calling to check up on you. You don't call to check up on me. As a matter of fact, my phone was off. Now if something like, look, my phone was off.


My nephew passed. They called, my sister called the Broncos. My phone was off. They said, Shannon, such and such, Mike need to see you. Dang Came I went, I said, yo, what's up Mike say your nephew passed. Said, oh, so your sister said she's been trying to get in touch with you. I said, okay. I called her. I called her. She said, she, my baby gone i's like, all right, I'll be there. I went, I said, Mike, I gotta go. I said, all right, just let know when you're coming back. I went home, took care of my sister got got that situated.


I came out was like a Saturday. I got back that, think that Wednesday. Right. I'm all business, bro. When I'm at work, I'm at work. I ain't talking to nobody on the phone. I ain't doing all that stuff. I do all that. Hey. And now I'll talk, You know, 'cause it was two hours difference in time. So I'm going to work. I might call my sister or once I got done with work before it got too late, 'cause You know it's already, You know, seven o'clock, my grandma going to bed. If I wanted to talk to my granny, I was like, Hey, let me put Granny on the phone right quick. But other than that, no. I, I ain't, I ain't about that. All that talking and, and at like, I'm at work Ocho, what am I doing at work?


Yeah, babe, boy, you, you better than me. Boy. We got two different approaches. Hey, listen, when we hit, when we leave that big team meeting and we got that, like that 10 minute break before we go to, to the, to the office meeting. I'm on that phone. Boy, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm, oh, I'm, Hey, I'm, hey, I'm scrolling to it. I'm scrolling, You know, because this, this, this is towards, toward the end. You know, I, I got Twitter by that, by that time. 2000 thousand eight, 2009, 2010. Man, I'm all on there, man. I'm having a good time, You know, sending my tweets out and boom, I'm going to a meeting. Now I don't take my phone with me to the meetings, but once I hit that meeting room, but I'm, I'm Strictly Oh yeah. I never took, I never took a phone in meeting.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hey, but boy, when that, when we got that break. Oh boy. Listen, You know how black folk are when we get a break, bro. Oh, oh yeah. Hey, I ain't, I ain't playing. I'm going to Joan a break. I'm, I'm going to Joan, I'm, I'm, I'm ragging on somebody. That's what I'm going to do. Okay. Okay. That's what we going to do. Check this out. I don't know if you guys have heard Michael Jordan will be joining NBA on NBC and Peacock as a special contributor. Jordan, the Bulls won six titles. He's a a five time champion and he's regarded as the goat. What version of MJ will we get on air? What, what you expecting?


I mean Yeah, he was, because think about it. I think NBC, the NBA hadn't been on NBC since what oh two. Because the NBA used to be on NBC. Well, and before it was on CBS. I remember when they had Bill Russell used to commentate with Brent, Brent Berger that before your time Joe. And then it went to NBC, Bob Costas, Marv Albert sideline reporting was a, a mob Rashad. I mean, I, I mean we really, really never heard Mike really talk basketball. Not in a, not in a, in a professional setting. Not in, You know, he's sitting around, You know. Yeah. You hang out with him. He talk ball like that.


Right. But cameras action people around. I, I don't know. I don't know what to expect. I think he gonna be, I think he gonna be very blunt, honest on there. Like, You know, just telling it kind of how he really see the game. Like I don't think, I think it, I think it's gonna be pretty entertaining. Okay. Ocho I think people are gonna tune in because they want to hear Jordan talk. 'cause I mean, outside of, I mean, we really never heard Jordan talk except in a press conference. Yeah. Or except after a game. You know what I'm saying? We've really never heard him in a studio and he's asked to give a critique or an analyst or, or analyze what particular, what happened in the game or what this player did. What, You know, I like this player. I like Kobe.


He liked LeBron, he liked this, he liked that. But to ask, to critique and analyze a game, we've never heard him do this. But, but I, I'm not saying that he can, 'cause obviously the man has a tremendous basketball Hockey kick. Yeah. I mean this, it is gonna be interesting just to hear his views, his points based on what he's seeing, being able to critique while being failed. I wonder if they gonna call him a hater when he calls somebody out because, You know, they call everybody else a hater. Yeah. This it all, it all depends on, it all depends on how far he goes in his assessments on players or what's going on. And listen, he, he, he, he this he, he gonna, he gonna pick and choose the way he wants to commentate and analyze as well.


He might not wanna put himself in position where he has to critique people in that manner the way, the way most analysts and put Charles Barkley does. Mm. I I think, I think it's gonna be funny. It's gonna be funny. We get I'm, I'm, I just want to hear, I just wanna hear, I just want to hear him, his his take. Because it, because I, I think the thing is, the, the, the thing is, is that a lot of times people think the greater you are at something, the more opinion opinionated and easier it is. But we know from football, some of the greatest guys that have ever played the game can't talk about the game. Right. Right. And I, and it is funny how that works because a lot of times, like, like bodybuilding, I'm, I'm a big bodybuilder fan a lot, A lot of times bodybuilders can train themself, but they can't train somebody else.


That's me. So it, I'm, I'm an, I'm really anxious to see and to hear Jordan, his, his critiquing, his, his critique and his, his analyst of the game and players in today's game. Yeah, me too. I, but I do, I do, I expect for it to be blunt on Ocho I expect for him to really tell it how it is because maybe he'll draw the analysis as far as like when, back when he played in today's game. But I, I know he don't like that three. Yeah. I I know he that three ball. So Yeah. I'm, I'm excited too, man. I think it's gonna be fun because it's a, it's a whole generation, especially today who never even got a chance to see him play so, or heard him speak Yeah.


Or even heard him speak. So yeah, I think this is gonna be great for the basketball world for sure. He, he different. I mean, if you've never been around him, he talk ish. Yeah. About everything I'm talk bro. I'm talking about from what you got on, you playing cards. I mean, there ain't nothing that he ain't talking ish about. Right. And he want to bet gamble on everything. How long does that get from point A to point B? Man, come on dude. I just, I I'm just here man. Hey, how y'all doing? How everybody doing? Man? I ain't, I ain't coming to bet no money, man.


Hey, he, he, he, he's a very, like I said, I mean, seeing him on television don't do him justice. Yeah. You gotta see him in person to get a sense and a feel of who and what this man is. I never seen anything like it. Yeah. It is different, bro. It is different. I ain't gonna lie to you. Look, I had, I had the pleasure to be around him on, on numerous occasions and I just kind of sat back and watched, You know, I didn't ask a lot of questions on Ocho. Like, You know, we had things we would do in the summer, whether it was brand Jordan athletes taking vacations together or us just meeting up, hanging out. And every time, bro, I'd just be, I would just be like, just watch him, just, just trying to pick up any and everything is because as he's talking, he's giving game at the same time.


You know, he, he, he, he take us out to eat and we sit there and we talk and he'll tell you, You know, Hey, look man, all you gotta do is average five to six points a quarter. Man, that's 20, 24 points a game. Like it ain't easy. I mean, it ain't hard, You know, we make the game hard, but he broke it down to a science, You know, and, and had the work ethic to prove it. But yeah. Does he seem, does he seem real? Nah, it, it, it, it really didn't a lot of times because Okay, Ocho that's who, You know as a kid I grew up watching, You know, watching all 'em Bulls game. Like I said, they played on WWGN or something like that. And I know we, we had that challenge. They was on almost every night. So for me, he was like a hero, bro.


It was like, he wasn't even real. So to get the opportunity to rep the, the Jordan brand and be a part, or to be in that circle like that was, that, I can't even describe it, bro. We had a, we had such a great time, but yeah, he, he, he didn't, he didn't seem real. He didn't seem real. He doesn't Oh, Joe, I'm telling, listen, I've met, talked to Denzel face to face, had a conversation. Yeah. Samuel Jackson, Oprah. I saw Victoria, David Beckham. I mean, I've seen some of the biggest stars in the world. Yeah. I've never seen anybody. It is like he levitating.


I'm like, he don't ocho I'm mad this man glowing. You remember how blue Bruce Leroy, how he would grow, how he was glow? Sure enough. And sure enough how he was glow. Yes. Oh, I swear, I swear. And I, I'm not gonna be blasphemous, but boy, if you ever, if some, if you ever met him. But if ocho, if you think about it, every athlete that ever meet him says the exact same thing about me. Same thing. Yeah. Every, so I thought it was just me. I was like, well, You know, hey, I'm, I'm just, I'm in the league. I remember I made a couple of pro bowls. I'm an all pro, I'm a pretty good player. So I say, well, You know, man, I'm starstruck, I'm awe. But then I hear people that's Hall of Famers in one championships feel the exact same way.


I said, okay, I ain't, it ain't no bull jive. No, he, he for real. I mean, and like I said, he different. 'cause I'm, I'm saying, You know, you Think you gonna be like, Hey man, how you doing bro? You just met me. You talking ish from the door, bro. I, You know what I'm saying? Don't you? You ain't expecting that that's him. Yep. I'm from, from the get. Yeah. I said, oh my goodness. But like, yeah, you gotta, I've never met Tiger, so I don't know how that'll be, but I can't imagine. I can't imagine. It'd be, I, the only thing I probably could compare it to would probably be m the other mj, the og, mj, Michael Jackson.


That's probably the only thing that I can compare it to because Mike was the only one that people, people pay all that money to go to the concert and don't watch it. 'cause they fainted. The man come out there and just stand and people just fainting. Yeah. It was different. So that, I think that would probably be the only thing comparable to it. I had the fortune of meeting Jay-Z and, and, and, and, and Beyonce. Like I said, I've met, You know, big, big, big. Had a conversation with Ja, Jeff Bezos and like, nothing like MJ bro. Sir, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Interested in investing in Bitcoin, but not sure how to get started. Well, with the Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying.


Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025. And spend $3,000 in your first 90 days.


Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, C rates and fees. Unlock Smarter learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPU and CPUs and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research.


Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better, faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon-to-be graduate needing to catch a recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you. You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine.


J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo.


This message comes From Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart. Joe, like he just, and as a matter of fact, I'm trying to think when the All Star game was in la, he had a party and I got an invite and you couldn't drive 'cause they was at one of them Bel Air Mansions.


And so you had to, you Dr. You drove and they had bus and shuttles to pick you up and take you. I mean the man, this, this place probably 50,000 square foot. And the thing is, is like, I mean, You know they had crab, legs, lobster, all the stuff, but they had it like on a conveyor belt. So the place was coming around on your company. I I you not I you not. I'm I'm like, they, they, I was like, man, what the food? They like, oh it's, it is getting ready to come out. I was like, okay. I'm like, so I walk a little further and there it is on a conveyor belt.


Yeah. Now he is like in a little back room, You know, hold up. He si, You know, smoking a cigar. You know he gonna be on them cigars now. Hey, hey Ocho. They ain't nothing like the Jordan, the brand Jordan parties and all during All Star weekend. I was That's what it, that's what it was. That's what it was. Yeah. So I, I had the luxury to be a seven time All Star. So I was a brand Jordan athlete Right. That entire time. So man, they, they, they will start study bro. They, it was it. That's the place you want to be. I, they look, even when I don't even go to All-Star weekends now I got people who be hitting my phone during All Star weekend. Hey, you Think you get in that Jordan party?


I'm like, man, look. No, I mean I don't, You know what I got there by, I got there by half. I don't, as a matter of fact to this day, I still don't know how I got in because somebody said the thing to, to my phone. They said they did, they sent the thing to my phone. I don't even know how they got my number. Right. Yeah. I was like, oh, you gonna get, is this for real? Hey. Oh it was, it was, it was off the chain. Ocho. I, I ain't gonna lie to you. It was off the chain. Got, Hey, I, I got, I gotta, I gotta meet Jordan man. I gotta, I gotta see if he can really talk. I gotta see, Hey you got, You Know I'm gonna go at him Joe.


Hey, you gonna have to take, you gonna have to take night Cap the All Star weekend. I gotta, I gotta, I'm, I gotta go at him Joe. But you really Think you would've done something with me? Huh? I would've had that 23. I had, I had that 23 looking like 32. Hey, hey. He gonna be like, I we can do that right now. But lemme tell you what he gonna do. He said I got, he said I got a million cash right now. Let's go play the let's go play play the Lever. I tell him for his, for his million, I got 5,200. Oh you got, hey Because he, because because the way he bet, the way he bets Ocho he going to bet whatever's gonna make you feel uncomfortable. Hey listen, and, and You know what, I live my life being a, I've gotten comfortable being uncomfortable.


So that's not gonna work with me. That Ain't work with me. When that man said million. See I, I don't know. I I've seen a million dollars cash. That's cash. And I ain't really trying to do anything for a million dollars cash. I ain't trying to shoot no one shot. I ain't trying to play no pool. I ain't trying to play no ice hockey. I ain't trying to play no Madden. It's a whole different ball game. You know like in the World series of poker, when it gets down to the final table, what they do ocho they bring that 8 million to $10 million cash. Yeah. And when you just, just imagine on Joe, they, your salary. They put your whole salary up there. They says okay now win this game.


You get that? If you don't, we take It. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. I like it. Listen, I like my chances one-on-one anything right now with him, with Jordan right now. I don't be honest with yourself. You, I don't, I will put my million on him that way. I Don't, matter fact, Jordan, matter of fact say say are you sure Joe? Who you got? Who you got right now? Horse shoot around one on one. Mia Jordan, I got Jordan, You know. Hey Mike, if you see this make it happen, boy. Make make it light of Joe. Huh? Hey, hey Joe. I think me and you get a line of credit. We might need to get some more money to put Baby make, make, make it make a lie to yourself. Boy. Holler, holler at your boy. Man, We, we get a lot of Joe, I think we get a lot of credit and, and make us some money.


Make us some quick money. No, I'm with you. We right. Hey Mike, with all due respect, holler. Let your boy man let's do something man. I need to prove myself to these, these folk. Now A Kentucky mom is speaking out after her 8-year-old son unknowingly ordered 30 boxes of dumb dumb lollipops on Amazon. Racking up a $4,200 charge. She discovered her son Liam had placed an order on Amazon over 70,000 dumb dumps. After discovering the order, LA Favor said she immediately called Amazon. She was instructed to re reject delivery. To initiate refund. The family stayed home to intercept the package. But despite traffic tracking the delivery in on the app, the first 22 boxes showed up without notice.


Liam went outside to ride the scooter and started screaming. My suckers are here. She said there were 22 boxes of suckers on the front porch. Hey, how Liam know how to order something And I don't. Hey, there's one thing about it though. You can tell, you can tell, you can tell the ethnicity of a group like this when kids order that kind of stuff. But if it was me and I order something off my grandma or my mama, my mama card without them knowing $4,200. Man. First of All, ain't nobody had no credit card. I ain't have no credit. I ain't have no credit card until I was a senior in college. So I damn sure ain't gonna have no, ain't nobody had no credit. I ain't even know no credit card was, You know how Young he gotta be to be.


He's excited about ordering suckers. He ate, he a little kid. He was eight years old. So that mean he went in his mama purse. He ain't got no credit card for himself. He done went and got a card and order stuff online. Man, You know where I would be at man. CPS Hey Cha. Hey CPS would've had to come get me man. And my dad had to come get me. Nah, I ain't gonna call because they gonna kidnap me and beat me again. I ain't calling. I ain't calling. Hey, they would've had to come get 70,000 dumb dumps. Hey 4,200 unc. Can you imagine back then back when we was young order what? $4,200 worth of bro on they card back then You Know how much 40.


Look at, see how much $4,200 is in the price of inflation right now. It's gotta be like 20,000. Man listen, I told you Just go hella eight years old so that'd been 68, 76. It's gotta be, it's gotta be 15, 20,000. I don't, it don't matter what it is. We ain't have it. I know that. We didn't have it. We didn't have it. So I'm calling Child protective Child Child Services for me. CPS on cell. Huh? On cell. Hey do me a favor. Please come get me for my mama, mama, my grandma get home please. I don't want, no, I don't want no problems.


We see it. Yeah. I 19 76, 40 $200 Be worth 34,000. $34,000 now. Boy, I ain't hear Lies Boy. That's a house. You know how many, 34,000 you coulda bought a house for 34,000 back. Absolutely a nice house too. At that, A good car was like 3000, 2,500, $3,000. Oh no. I ain't play around that man. You look my grandma.


Hey boy, go bring me my purse and don't go in it. Hey ain't no ain't no hey. She ain't say hey go get this. Bring me my purse because You know, might have had to steep me a couple quarters up outta there because You know, back then people kept change in a handkerchief. It wasn't no loose change in the bottom of my grandma purse or that side. They kept change and a handkerchief. My grandma had the little change. My little change, the little change pouch Change first. Change first. You remember, oh Joe, you remember the thing you squeeze and you put your change in the side.


The little squeezey Thing? Yeah, it was rubber. It was like, like rubber. Yeah, I know you talking about Yeah, You used to give at school. Here you go. I hope you put some money in it. 'cause I ain't got no money to put in it. I just have it in my pocket. I ain't got no money. But there was a lady pulled over, she was swerving. Come to find out she was, had a suspended license tag was suspended when they arrived to the window, there was a raccoon had a meth pipe in his mouth. He said it ain't mine, it's hers. She just passed it off to me. Wait, It's a lady. She was swerving her license suspended And, and she had suspended tags so the police pulled her over.


When they get to the car, there's a raccoon. She had the paperwork, all the documentation because you have to have documentation for wild animal like that. He was on the passenger seat and he had a meth pipe in his mouth. They got to be somewhere in the country boy. And it ain't, it ain't none of us either. Ohio. Ohio, hey, this ain't lived outta the street from Georgia. Hey, long, as long as it won Cincinnati. And I could, I could, I could imagine. I could just picture that right now too. I I could just picture it. Raccoon said it wasn't his. Hey, that's funny. I take his, I take it back to work. Did she go jail?


Yeah. You got suspended license. Oh yeah. And I guess they had to call somebody to come get the raccoon. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. 'cause you can't, I mean, certain states will allow you to have 'em, but you have to have the proper paperwork. Yeah. You you, you can deme, you can domesticate 'em. But you do, you right, you do gotta have the paperwork. Hey we, we got the video. We got the video. Let's see the video shit. Oh hey, come here. Hello. The Racoon has a her meth pipe. Oh God. It what? Oh my god. Her meth pipe. He's playing with a meth pipe right now.


No, don't reach for it. That's evidence now. Oh, I don't want him to have that. Well, I'm, that's why I'm gonna do it. Hey buddy. Huh? It's okay. Okay, your honor. Two beer in two minutes. I'm right crossing my heart. A few minutes. Yeah. Okay. This is what she's smoking meth in. Okay. The raccoon play with her meth pipe. Alright, Got a episode. Hey, That seen like a cops episode. I mean he laughing, talking about the meth pipe, the raccoon. He not taking his job. Too serious. That's a good one. No, I mean at that point in time, I mean, ain't nothing.


And I guess they ended up finding, they finding some, I I think it been reported that they found other contraband in the car also. Okay. Yeah, she, she a little older too, but she on the back end so she, You know, she having a good time. The Volume Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they pped up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason it's the number one men's X purse spring and is back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4.


So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause and the use of oral contraceptives and I have to say I get dry eyes in the morning so the eyedrops have been a part of my morning routine. There's dry eyes relief in sight with refresh. Relieve a pf extra. These preservative free artificial tears come in a soft squeeze multi-dose bottle featuring a double lockout system that keeps drops Sterile. Refresh relieve a PF extra is safe to use as often as needed. Find your refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at your favorite drugstore or grocery.


Does friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti-black and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque show tartar whose boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hellos, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life. We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, the cousins in Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying Connected.


Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsung Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus nonstop contact texts and data between us and Mexico. Visit a store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.