(0s):
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they can achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into HubSpot's collection of AI tools. Breeze to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more

(23s):
When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(1m 12s):
Top Reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.

(1m 42s):
Hey, did you know the CMA awards is live Wednesday on a BC, Chris Stapleton and Post Malone Kickoff Country Music's biggest Night Plus Electrifying Performances by Lainey Wilson, Shazi, Ashley McBride, Luke Bryan, Dirks Bentley, and a one of a kind. Collaboration by Thomas Red and Teddy swims. Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson. Host the CMA Awards Live Wednesday at eight seven Central on a, B, C, and Stream.

(2m 7s):
Next, Dan Hulu, S Pop, and Justin Jefferson Here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound, and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You, Feel good enough to go out there and play You. Turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.

(2m 40s):
The Volume.

(2m 44s):
The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(4m 10s):
Did You know that feeding your lawn regularly Bill stronger, more resilient lawn that naturally crowds out weeds. Scott's Turf Builder products provide year-round feeding with essential seasonal solutions for your lawn. Scott has a subscription plan that makes caring for your lawn easier than ever. They put their expertise to work by analyzing the location, size, and condition of your lawn to create a custom plan for your yard. And they'll ship you the right product to apply at the perfect time by answering a few short questions about your lawn. Scott's experts will craft a program that's right for you and your yard. Visit scotts.com to learn more. Feed your lawn, feed it.

(5m 1s):
Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the number 12 Georgia Bulldogs. Take down the number 10 Tennessee volunteers. 31 17 Beck. Had a great night tonight. 25 of 43 46. Two touchdown. A clean game as they win at home between the hedges 31 17. I am your favorite off Shannon Sharp. He is your favorite. 85. The route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame R League, the promo of the All Pro. Yeah, you saw him on the sidelines at the CU game earlier today. Now he's in Cincinnati. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.

(5m 49s):
And again, thank you guys for the support over the thank because of you. We're able to be who and do what we do. You our, our viewing audience and our listening audience. Those that subscribe, those that repost what we do. Thank you so very, very much. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have an abundance in stock, realizing the holidays are right around the corner. We have Thanksgiving, we have Christmas, and we have New Year's Eve. To make sure you have a festive holiday season, make sure you order your a bottle of shade by La Portier and whatever you do, please drink responsibly. And if you're out, make sure you have a designated driver. Driver or call Uber or Rideshare, whatever the case may be.

(6m 32s):
Please go follow my media company on all its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our news release just dropped last month. I was held when I was. Well I lie for you before I lie to you in the T-shirt form. Black Nightcap hoodies and stay with me now is also in the hoodie form of, and of course our bestseller, the UN and OCHO Teas. We got a lot of requests to do it. UN and OCHO Tea in Black. And we have that. We just dropped that last week. Qualities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Again, ocho, the number 12 Georgia Bulldogs takes down the number seven Tennessee volunteers by the score of 31 17.

(7m 13s):
The Bulldogs rally from a 10 oh second half, second quarter deficit thanks to 346 yards and two touchdown passes through the air. One rushing score by Beck. Yeah, securing the win moved them back into the CF College football playoffs selection committee bracket after they had fell out after 28 10. Lost the ole Miss Tennessee first three possession in the second half ended at a punt. Well, it's really simple for the Bulldogs. Yes sir. When they take care of the football, yeah, they're as good as any team in the country. Yeah. When they don't, they can get their ass whooped by any team in the country. Most Definitely. I mean, from the previous game that I've watched Georgia play, it all came down to Beck. It all came down to the quarterback.

(7m 54s):
And when the quarterback, he was bimal and he turned the ball over. Those are the games that they happen to lose tonight. No turnovers. They played well. Now Tennessee did keep the game close for the majority of the game from what I saw after I landed. Obviously I tried to watch as much as I could while I was on the plane traveling from Col, from Boulder, you know, to Cincinnati. So I mean it was, it was kind of close. And then obviously at some point the better team, you know, got they, they ran away with the game. Yeah. Yeah. If you go back and still look at Georgia, there are three games and there are two games I know in and I think back to back, right. In which back through three interceptions and they still won those games. They still won because they're the mortality of the team. Bingo. But when you play teams that's on your level and you turn the ball over, you get beat Allah, Alabama, Allah Ole Miss.

(8m 39s):
Yeah. And so that's, and and you know, if they make it to college football playoffs, clearly all those teams will be on their level as long as he takes care of the football, they have a chance to go very, very far. When he doesn't, he plays down to their level, maybe even underneath their level you can get beat. But the Bulldogs seemed to be right at the wrong of last week as they win 31 17 over Tennessee, Tennessee looked good early on in the game, but like you said, OCHO in a 17, 17 ball game coming out of the half, you want try to get some momentum and they couldn't get anything going. Yeah. Three punts, three first, second half punts to start it. And Georgia got the lead and didn't look back. And so give the Bulldogs credit, give Kirby smart credit for having this team ready to play.

(9m 23s):
You know, they're gonna be tough to beat at night between the hedges. And they come away with a 14 point win over the Tennessee volunteers by the score of 31 to 17. Number 17, Colorado continues to roll as they beat Utah 49 to 24. Travis Hunt was at it again, was at it again. Plays both sides of the ball. He had an interception and he had a touchdown run his stat line. Five catchers, 55 yards, one carry, five yards a touchdown, three tackles an interception and a pass breakup. Yeah. Ocho, what other college player, you know, can put up a a stat line like that? Travis is now the Heisman favorite according to DraftKings sports book.

(10m 3s):
The Heisman front runner is now just 89 yards shot of 1000 receiving yards this season. Ocho, when you look at this game, you were there. Yeah, think about this. Yes sir. They had three turnovers and they put up 49. Yeah. Oh yeah. So that tells me that's another 10. Let's just say for the sake of argument, that's another 10 to 14 points. So you're looking at a 59, you might be even looking at a 63 point game minus those turnovers. Yeah, I thought Shado started off a little shaky early. Right. But he got it going Right. And that's what, that's the mark of a great player Ocho. Yes sir. When you can't play, when you can play your, you struggle early, you don't play your best football early, but you turn around and you look at the stat, you're like, hold on.

(10m 46s):
That man was 30 or 41 for three 40 and three touchdowns. Yeah, he was, Yeah. But there was but there was a long lu in between that though. Yes, yes. There was a long lull in between that. And I remember being in the team meetings yesterday, ob obviously, let me talk about my experience in Boulder. For one, I wanna thank Theon Sanders, I wanna thank Prime. I wanna thank obviously the Colorado staff, the players, the program in general and for the, for the hospitality. They wrote, they wrote, they rolled the red carpet out for you, for your boy. You know, I, I rarely go anywhere. So I had, I had a Saturday off, I had the opportunity to go out there and it, it was, it was, it was unbelievable. Unbelievable. Obviously. I think my last time in Denver, I remember John Lynch was the safety for the Broncos.

(11m 29s):
And I think Champ might have still been there, if I'm not mistaken now. That's how long that's, that's how long it's been since I've been there. So I didn't know what to expect. And I mean it was, it was just as beautiful as I remember from back then. Anyway, going to the game the first quarter, I remember in the, in the team meeting room, one of the first things Prime talked about I or there was the offensive coordinator. I want 14 points in the first quarter. I want 14 points in the first quarter. I don't want any turnovers. They got the 14 points in the first quarter. Had the turnover, the first possession though turnover. They, they did have a turnover on the first possession. You know, outside of that. Now there was a law in the game. I think maybe between the second and third quarter at some point they, they got it, they got it going a little bit. A little bit. But there was too much talent.

(12m 10s):
And they, and I hate when they allow teams to stay around too long. Uncle. Yes. Hate, hate. We talked about that last week. Rachel hate Around too long, man. They, they, they, they, there's no reason Utah should to be able to hang around that long and make the game look as close as it was. I love how now all of a sudden the conversation now when Dion was getting beat last year, everybody was talking about, I thought I told y'all, I told y'all now they winning all the conference ain't any good. Oh, Utah their third quarterback. Well the 82. So is every team that they beat on their third string quarterback. Right? Right. If every team they played isn't any good, because it seems to, that seems to be the narrative that y'all wanna tip paint, right? Y'all do anything y'all can to try to undermine, undermine the man's credibility and what he's been able to do. You're talking about a team that was two years ago that won one game, one last year.

(12m 53s):
They won four games and all you was y was yelling, you had your pompoms, you had your skirt up in there kicking your heels. I thought you were the rockets celebrating. Now you go radio silence. Yeah. Now you talk about the only third screen quarterback. Yeah. But had they lost, what would you have said? I told you all the Colorado isn't the good. I told you Dion can't coach you made that excuse. Well, Shadu is not any good. He's at Jackson State. He wouldn't be doing that at a Power Five, but that day he's doing it at a Power five. Yeah. Oh Prime can't coach. He's doing that at HBCU where he's doing it at cu he's doing it at a pound five Now. The conference isn't any good. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, they, they, well I I I've, I've never seen, I've never seen it sold that you'll do any that people would try to say and do anything they can to try to under demand or undermine a man's credibility.

(13m 40s):
His ability to do what he's done with the team. He told y'all, he said we coming give it some time. Yeah, but y'all want the man Nick Faber didn't go to the college football playoff. He didn't go to the national championship game his first year. Yeah. Y'all gave him brace. Y'all didn't say when he was started winning. Oh, the teams ain't any good. So why y'all do that with time? Well, you know why, you know why? And it, and, and for one you have to think prime marches to the beat of his own drum. Prime has its own style of coaching. Prime doesn't follow the script on the way coaches should act and behave in, in, in a certain manner. Correct. He does it it the way and it works the way he does it. Everything he's, you gotta think about prime from, whether it's the football field, whether it's playing baseball, whether it's playing football, whether it's coaching, everything he does and touches it turns to goal and has success coming right behind it.

(14m 27s):
Sometimes it might take a little bit, it might take a little time. But in Colorado's instance, for example, hell, the third year, huh? He done Thank you. He done turned a collegiate program around two years, years. Well, you know how I don't think people understand how difficult that is to do. How you gonna, how you supposed, how you gonna get players to come to bowler Colorado? Because a lot of times though, you gotta get your, you get to, you have to get your type of player. Yeah. You know the type of player that you want. Right? Okay. This is the type of player I want as a wide receiver. Right. These are the type of running backs that I'm looking for. These are the type of old linemen. These are the type of D linemen. These are the type of skill position players that I'm looking for. Right. And you might have a few on your roster, but when you go one in 12, ain't a whole lot of good ass players on that roster.

(15m 14s):
I I'm just gonna tell you like it's, I mean you go one in 12 Yeah. There's a, there there's not a whole lot of good players on that roster. And so he basically had to flip the roster. Yeah. And he didn't do traditionally he had to go through the portal. How difficult that is though, huh? Yeah. Hell yeah. How difficult. People saying one in 12 and then you have to deal, then you have to deal and think we in the NIL era, we in the NIL era. So that even that much more difficult to compete with the teams or the schools or the boosters That 'cause See you ain ain't got that NIL money. Yeah. Not like that. I mean, they have some but they're not competing with the SEC teams. Oh. They're not competing with the Big 10 teams. Right. They don't have, they don't have that kind of money. Right. When you look at the, say the top 20 programs, they not even close to that kind of paper.

(15m 58s):
Right, Right, right. It's different. It's different. And so when you look at, I, I look, I, I, I, I'm just, I'm happy for 'em. Yeah. I'm biased. I've known them 30 plus years. Yeah. He was in my hall of Fame class. I, you know, we worked together and so I have a great relationship with him, but I don't have a problem giving somebody credit. Yeah. I think that's what you should do if somebody, you don't give them, you don't give them what they deserve. You give 'em what they earned. Earned. Yeah. I think he's earned he eight and two. Yeah. Six and one in the conference no matter what. So the conference isn't any good. So why the hell they picked on to finish that second to last in the conference if it ain't no good. But See they said they were gonna pick, they, they'd be lucky to win four games. Yeah. This is what they would be.

(16m 38s):
They gonna, they gonna finish second to last in the conference and now bad conference. Yeah. That y'all say bad. Yes sir. They will pick to finish second to last. Now they, they're time for first in the conference. Now what? Yeah. Listen, they, whoever they may be will always continue to discredit Deion because of who he is. Yeah. Just it's because of who he is. That's all. Because if it was anybody else that was able to do something like this, of this magnitude in such a short amount of time, the praises would, would be just as high. The praises would be just as high because oh my goodness. You know how you, how impossible it is to do something like this at a program in such a short amount of time. It's commendable. Nobody wants to sing them as praises simply because it's him.

(17m 20s):
Take out the personal vendetta that you might have against Dion and give the man his credit that he deserves for what he's been able to do. Sometimes people have a problem with a black man being outspoken. Wait a minute. Wait. Whoa. Let me give a pen and paper 'cause I know you're going so well. I know you're going so well. This, You know how it is Ocho Yeah. I yeah, you are, we're supposed to be humble. We're supposed to be thankful that we just got an opportunity to do that. How dare you be so boisterous? How dare you be so outspoken. Come on now. Why you can't be coach life. Why you gotta have chains, why you gotta have prime on your sleeve? Yeah. Why? You gotta have a, a cowboy hat when you do interviews.

(18m 2s):
Yes Sir. Yeah. If you, if you qualify for the position, right. If you qualify for a position to be a leader of men, to be a head coach and you know you got a little melanin, you have to qualify and be times 10 or greater Yes. In your counterparts. Correct. Let me, I lemme go somewhere real quick. Think about Obama as a president. Yeah. Obama has to be not only qualified, but he has to speak overly way he has to carry Yes. A certain way. He can't have a certain Yeah, he can't have none of the shenanigans that 45 is able to get away with. Oh, that's not, that's not rolling. Can't wear a fight. You can't wear a brown suit.

(18m 43s):
You can't have a cup of coffee in your hand when you go in the Air Force One because you gotta be able to salute, salute the military. And our hands need to be empty. We get all, we look, we, we get all of that. We understand that. Yeah. But lemme ask you this. Let's just say for the sake of argument, and that's what we're doing here. We are having a conversation. Let's play devil's advocate. Yes, sir. Let's just say Coach Prime. We talk to his players and do his players What, what Kelly, Brian, Kelly does to his players at LSU. What would be said? It'd be the, but it it'd be the headline story. It'd be the headline story. He can't get away with that. Huh? You, you, you understand. He doesn't have the listen unc, he doesn't have the complexion for the protection. There's certain things that he can and can't do.

(19m 25s):
Now he would get chastised for that type of coaching. Of course. Now, I'm not sure if, if Brian Kelly's hi, if Brian Kelly's history is that of screaming at, That's his history. Okay. He's done it everywhere he's been. Okay. So that, that that's him. Then, then, then people would be be used to that and, and, and that's style of coaching. But Prime can't do that. How pri has Prime not been like he's been everywhere. He's been how you think he got the name Prime Time? Right? Right, right. They, somebody just magically came out his, he been calling himself Prime since 87. Right. Damn. Near 40 years. He's been this way. Did you not see him on draft? Did you not hear the story about He went, I got the, the team wanted to interview him.

(20m 6s):
Yeah. He asked him, where are y'all picking? They said such and such. Well, I ain't gonna be there. He got up and walked out. He d down around at the combine had everybody like, man, he gonna run. He comes in, takes his sweats off, takes, runs four, two, And outta there and last and left. Hey, that's funny. Yes. They, they know exactly who he is. But this is what happens when you don't conform. This is hap what happens when you don't conform to the way they think you should be. Once you in a position of power. Yes. A leader of young men, they want you to conform and do it in a structured, organized environment Like a goddamn do It like we do. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. That that's not prime.

(20m 46s):
And it's never been Prime never had Never, it ain't, it's it's not gonna be him. He's gonna, he he has a way that resonates with the kids today. He talks to him on, in a language in which they understand Underst can. Yeah. And he gives it to him in the most simplistic terms. And because how you do some things is how you do all things. Right. And football is a microcosm of life. He's like, I'm not just trying to gra I'm just not trying to put guys in the NFL I'm trying to make great husbands. Yeah. I'm trying to great. Make, make great community men. Yeah. I'm trying to make great leaders. So at the end of the day, yes, I want all my players to graduate because I understand all of them are not going to the NFL, but in whatever they choose in their life.

(21m 30s):
Right. I wanna make sure they're successful and I wanna make sure I've given them the tools in which they can use to become successful. But somehow people, you know, if I don't like you because here is that there's fruit of the poisonous treat. Yeah. If I don't like the, if I don't, if I don't like the treat any fruit that it bears, I don't like it either. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. I heard something I ain't never heard before. Say that again. The, The, it's fruit of the poison. It's a, it's a, a criminal justice term. Okay. The, the fruit of the poison is the root of the tree. No, I said it's the, the fruit of the poisonous tree. Okay. So if a tree is bad, right. Any fruit that it bears. So if I don't like Coach, Prime, anything he touches, I got a problem with, okay, I got a problem with cu.

(22m 14s):
That's it. I got a problem with Jackson State. I had a problem with Trinity Academy. I got a problem with ua. I got a problem with Tri. I have a question. Yes. Now what, what I don't, what I don't want to happen is I don't want those that are in, in, in positions of power Who, who are able to make certain decisions. Let's say for instance, hall of, I mean not Hall of Fame voters, voters for the Heisman. I don't want voters that are voting for the Heisman to allow their hatred or their dislike for prime and his coaching style and the way he carries himself and the way he conducts himself and the way he coaches to affect that of the players that are deserving no of that goddamn Heisman. Especially number 12. Let, let's not do that.

(22m 54s):
Let's not be egregious because of your personal vendetta against a head. That's done a fucking phenomenal job. Okay.

(23m 2s):
Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen Pat to tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.

(24m 0s):
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more

(24m 43s):
When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(25m 48s):
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs in technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.

(26m 18s):
Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom built T-Mobile private 5G network to power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed combined with Sony's innovative ultralow latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking.

(27m 27s):
IIII personally think Ocho they realize that they're looking at the best player that they've seen in college football an extremely long time. The amount of snaps that he plays, the impact that he has on both sides of the football. Yes sir. Not only offensively, but defensively. Defensively. He can flip the game just like that. The catch that he made, the touchdown run that he had, the pick that he had. Yeah. There have been, there only been a few, there only been a few guys like that. Yes, sir. That they was like, like when I played, there were a few guys that I stood up and watched Barry Sanders when Barry Sanders was on the field, you didn't down and watch. You stood up and watched because you wanted see what he gonna do. Or Jerry Rice. There are a few guys that when they came and you, you had to see Yeah.

(28m 9s):
Because you needed to see it. And the jumbotron wouldn't do it justice. No. You needed to see it for yourself with your own two eyes watching that man do what he does. Yeah, go ahead. Where were you when Peter war was at Florida State? I was in the league. Where Were you when Randy Moss was at Marshall? I was in the league. Where Were you when Tayvon? Austin was at West Virginia. Yeah. I, we played, we played, hold on. We played, I played Randy in 2001 and I played when I went back to Denver. But you know, you, you realize that, you know, you realize that it was special. He could do things that very few people, if not any, could ever do. His God given ability.

(28m 49s):
His he run fast. You know, I heard Coach Saban say something today. It was a lot of the great coaches. I think it was Coach Belichick, it was Coach Saban. It was Coach K and it was somebody else. I forget who it was. And coach. And Coach Saban said, talent isn't talent unless you can use it. Mm. Wait, say it again Gey one more time. Talent Isn't talent if you can't use it because how many times guys o Ocho we've seen guys have talent right? In what they do on the corner. Yeah. Yeah. They could play basketball.

(29m 29s):
They could run that football, catch the football, throw the football. They could play basketball. Yeah. They choose, they, they choosing the Wrong God gave you that ability and for you to squander it right. Is to, to not take advantage of a gift is demeaning. Yeah. To have that ability. Right. And to abuse it. And, and, But coach, congratulations. Oh yeah. In his post game news conference time had this message for the Heisman voters. He said, don't allow their hatred for me to interfere with our kids' success. They gotta stop that.

(30m 9s):
Y'all gotta y'all gotta stop. Some of y'all like that. Y'all gotta stop that man. Give these kids what they deserve, man. I had my turn. I played 14 years. Yeah. They had 14 years to hate me. Now let it go. Let it go. Yeah. Oh yeah. Let it go. But they, they won't, you, you know how they are. But this, this is the thing. Brother 12 is going to extend himself so far ahead in the Heisman race. They're not going to have a choice. But to bless him, they're not gonna have choice. They ain't gonna have no choice. We ain't, we we, we've seen stuff, we've seen stuff like this, but not to this extent.

(30m 53s):
He's doing something special that's never been done before. You can't take that away from him. No. No. You can't take that away from him. That young bull, that young bull got the anointing, man. He got that, he got that oil on him. Like I don't, I I know it's not Sunday, but I'm not gonna preach tonight, but I'm, I'm gonna save it for tomorrow. Show He's special. There's no, there's no question about it. He's special. You just wanna try to get the ball and to hear time talk like, hey, you try to get the ball in his hands without disrupting your offense. Yes sir. Because you can, you know, ocho you know, sometimes you can feed the ball and you get all the other guys now age just standing around watching. And then when it's their time, they is like, well, hell, I spent the last, I spent the last quarter and a half watching y'all get the ball to trap.

(31m 37s):
So I think Pat does a great job of spreading the ball around. Yeah. I think Shado does a great job. I think Pat does a great job of calling plays. Right. Shado does a great job of spreading the ball around. You see, shepherd has an unbelievable, have two unbelievable catches. Right? You, you see Webster and then Trav. Trav had a quiet day receiving, but he made a big fourth down catch. He got a huge pass interference call. So those are the things that that, that, you know, that goes unnoticed because he didn't score points Ocho, but we understand it was fourth and five and he caught a big four first down. That put him at what? At the six yard line next play to throw the ball to shepherd. We see the pass interference that they had, that they got, that he got called.

(32m 18s):
So Hold the, the the hold on. What about the 50 50 ball he caught in between two, two players? Yeah, that's, that, that, that was on fourth down. That That was fourth down. Yes. Yes. They went forth on fourth down, Man. Yeah. He nice too. Oh yeah, for sure. And and so that's what I, that's IIII love, I love that about, about Pat doing a great job of, of calling plays and Shado is doing a great job of spin. The football guys play played well to get Miller. You think about it, Miller has six foot buck, eight, the touchdown Webster 10 for 77. But hey, and the big punt return, remember Ocho, he had a pun return. Y almost got loose on the kickoff return. He did did. But the point return, he says, okay, y'all keep on playing with me.

(32m 59s):
Shepherd had five for 71 2 touches. Tr had five for 55. But this is what we know if they can protect Sha door just a little. Yeah. He could flat out spin it, Man. Listen, He could flat out spin it. If You give him any time, he gonna kill you. You could run man, you could run zone. He's, he's, he's able, he's able to read everything regardless defensively. Give him three seconds. Matter of fact, give him two, give him 2.5 depending on who you're playing. Because as the competition gets a little better, as the competition gets a little better, especially when you talk about playing the big 12 championship, you gonna need that goddamn offensive line as stout as possible.

(33m 42s):
Florida defeats LSU 27 16. Brian Kelly goes in on Chris Hinton Jr. Oh no. That Chris Hinton, like his, his dad was a offensive lineman. He was a part of the trade for Elway. If that, if that's Chris Hinton, I think that that might be Chris ton's son. But he was a part of the trade in 84. In 83 you said, hi. Oh, it's Hilton. I thought he was Hilton. Chris Hilton Jr. On the sideline after he missed time to jump on a deep ball. B Fing coachable. Who the f do you think you are? LSU third Straight loss. LS u's lost to Florida for the first time since 2018.

(34m 22s):
This came despite running 92 plays and having the ball For more than 41 win minutes. Kelly's streak win streak of 10 win seasons will end at seven. Kelly won double digit games in each of his last four years at Notre Dame and extended it with consecutive 10 win seasons in Baton Rouge. But losing three in a row to Texas a and m to Alabama and Florida makes it impossible to get them past nine. Ah, damn Paula, How you gonna tell the man to so the man Misti this jump. Right? And so you think that's coaching? Well you, you know what, you know what the funny thing about it is? The coaching part that he's talking about is not coming from just missing that jump.

(35m 5s):
This is a accumulation of things that he probably have done wrong. And they keep, they keep talking to him and he keep making mistakes. And because he's not listening to the coaching, they think the coaching and the mistakes that he's made previous to that play is why he said what he said. It it, it got to be it got to be. And you know, I'm, I'm mad Scott. They need to, you know what they need on these airlines when I'm flying, they need to have TVs on these airlines. They got TVs on the airline. Not I was on Southwest, Southwest Battle tv. There's a reason why you played $32 and 14 cents for a ticket.

(35m 45s):
Well, I was just trying to get to Cincinnati on, on, in, in, in the most fiscal way pro possible. Okay. That's a discount. Southwest is considered a discount carrier That, you know, I don I don't like the way you just said that because I'm just, I I'm not saying it any kinda way. I'm just telling you what it's what it's what it's called. Listen, listen. It's not a discount carrier because it's Southwest because the plane, regardless of, regardless of the name that's on it, you all you're doing is paying for the name. Huh? Because American Airlines, American Airlines and, and Delta and United, they, it's the same planes as Southwest shoes. It's the same plane Can, but they're not considered Discount.

(36m 27s):
Lemme ask you a question. Talk to me. Ocho all I'm saying is what they're referred to as. Okay. Discount carrier. You get mad at me, it ain't my Fault. I'm not getting mad. I just don't, I just don't like, you know, the way you, let's say like a pair of jeans, right? Yeah. A pair of Levi jeans. You get a pair of Levi jeans, you get a pair of Levi jeans for $32, right From the right you go to Louis Vuitton. Louis Vuitton got that same material. They take the Levi's off, they put the LV on there and you, they charge you 1900. It's The same, It's the same goddamn jeans. But when you go, when you go to those doors, the TJ Maxx, the Rossers, what are they considered? Are they considered high end or are they considered discount? They they call, they, they low end they call they consider.

(37m 9s):
I'm just saying so why you getting them seat? I'm upset with me because that's what they can refer to Southwest in some of these. I didn't say it's anything wrong with it. Joke. I, I just don't like the, the, the way they, they, the way they construct the wordplay to make it seem like it's a bad thing when it's really all the same thing and all you're simply paying for. When people don't seem to realize or understand you're paying for the name when the product is really the same OCHO that's with anything ocho. Right. You're right, you're right. I mean, you go buy meat at one place. You can buy a a a eight ounce filet at, at one place and go to another place that's high end and they're gonna charge you double the price. But you know that Because of where you're going to eat it. Nah. Funny. The fact that we talk about it, I don't think people know what other stand that, what we talk about.

(37m 53s):
But they think they're getting something better because the price is higher when all in actuality, all you're doing is paying for the name. Yeah. And you go to Costco. Yeah. They sell steak. They shrimp sell shrimp and crab claws. Yes sir. You go to one of these high end food ch grocery stores. Yes sir. And it's going to cost you more. Yes sir. It, it just, it it just is what it is. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with it. Right. And I'm not saying there's anything wrong with you flying Southwest, but I'm just saying that's what, because they have to, in order for them to, to consider themselves that they got to cut costs somewhere. Ocho Right. You right, you right. I I They can't give you the same, they can't give you a first class ticket for $200 while the same ticket on Delta is 2000.

(38m 40s):
I mean, they gotta they gotta they gotta get their money from somewhere. Yeah, you're right. You're right. Somebody say Southwest got TV's OCHO Shit. Not one I was on. Well, I don't know what so Well, like I said, I don't know. I don't know. I've never flown Southwest. So, but, but Back, back on topic Florida. Florida's been, Florida's been abysmal this year. Right. If I'm, if I'm not mistaken, Florida. What? Florida. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I had a chance to fly. I said nah, I'd rather, I'd rather go, I'd rather go through Salt Lake, go to hell and then I'll be ready to come home. To come home. But I'm not doing that. But you don't ask G Ash you don't care. Hey, That's okay. It like this here coming to work, ced.

(39m 26s):
Oh man. Listen, I I was, It was Jay Farrell. No. My old, my, my old, my old faithful. There were no Spirit Airlines that would get me in time from, from Boulder. Y'all In bankruptcy. So I don't think you gonna be able to fly them anytime soon. Who? Who? In bankruptcy Spirit. You know the game, huh? They, they, they aint, they you filed bankruptcy so you so you to get yourself out of debt, they ain't just so, they ain't gotta pay nothing. How You getting the debt? We gonna be all right. How you getting the debt? Yeah. I mean with that, no, the airline business is tricky. Huh? It ain't tricky. The the airline business, just business in general is, is very tricky. I mean, I hear other airlines say they haven't, they having a, a a, a record setting years.

(40m 10s):
Like who Delta. You do know. You do understand Spirit is still the safest airline to fly, right? No it's not. Hey de despite their financial issues, They're not just because you said don't make it true because I read the report it pull it up. Pull it up. Okay. I'm, you know, I'm gonna let you have that one. I'm 'cause 'cause we, But I, I think there's a situation where another player from LSU was was yelling at Brian Kelly on the sideline. Whoa, Whoa. They cut away. But, but see but here's the thing. When he, oh yo, here's the thing. Now, when he was reaming out the col when the coach was ringing out the player right, they kept the camera on it.

(40m 53s):
Yeah. But the soon as the players started giving it back to him, they cut away. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You know they gonna do that for One. Nah, no, no, no, no. My parents, my parents and loved one had to see you ask the f ask asking me what the f am I doing Right. Asking me who the FI think I am. Right. I would, I would rather the cameras cut away from the player as opposed to coach because I'd rather the camera save the player because they gonna use that against him. When it's time to go in the draft, they gonna use it. Well. So when they gonna use, when they gonna use anything against Brian Kelly? They use it when he was at Cincinnati. They didn't use it against him against Noe. But you see what they doing. You see how, you see what they use it against?

(41m 34s):
Oh, he has a complexion for the protection. He can do that. You see who they using it against? Yes sir. Yes sir. He's calling here. Lemme turn this AC off man. Guys, Lee Number one Oregon duck survive in Randall in Madison, Wisconsin at Camp Randall. They beat the Badgers. 1613 Jordan James rushed for 115 yards and a time touchdown on 22 carries to help the ducks win their first 11 game season. And for the, its first 11 games and for the second time in school history. Wow. The Ducks also won their first 11 games in 2010 went on to reach the BCS championship game before losing to Cam Newton led Auburn Tigers, Oregon won by Outscoring, Wisconsin.

(42m 18s):
10 nothing In the fourth quarter, the ducks also erased a fourth quarter deficit in victories over Boise State and Ohio State this season. Hmm. The ducks quack, whack. Hey they, I don't understand the, the top teams in college football. We don't. You understand Week in and week out. They up and down there is, there's no dominant fixtures. The Georgias the Alabamas, they, the, the dominate the entirety of the season obviously until they get to, until they get to the playoffs. Everybody's up and down depending on who they're playing.

(42m 58s):
There's no reason Oregon should be struggling against the w Wisconsin. There's there, there's no reason teams that are playing are supposed to be, supposed to be challenging for a national championship. It, it just shouldn't happen. Everything is just seems so inconsistent. And I swear for God, I think it's because I I I don't wanna use NIL as a reason why, but it's even the playing field with all teams across the No quarterback play. What teams are successful in the NFL? You think? Look at the quarterbacks. You, You think it was that bad that the quarterback played for Oregon? Was that bad today? Bad? No, I'm just, they're on the road. Wisconsin is not an easy place to win.

(43m 40s):
But you know, you're dealing with 18, 19-year-old kids or Joe. These are not professionals. They don't understand that environment. We understand what it's like to go and play in Pittsburgh. Yeah. Or we know what it's like to go play in Kansas City. Yeah. We know what it's like to go play in Buffalo. These kids, a lot of these kids haven't been in that hostile of an environment. Just playing on the road is varies where you're playing. You think that Pittsburgh is different? Huh? Go ahead. You think that, you think that affect the kids, huh? Oh Hell yeah. Atmosphere. Yes. Yes. That's, that's, that's It. It it impacts professionals how many times we see, we get, they get prop, get a procedure. Oh yeah. Because you can't hear. Okay. Okay.

(44m 20s):
I thought, I thought you meant the hostile environment. Like I of course, yeah. I mean I, I hate maybe I'm, there's something wrong with me. I prefer playing in at away games and being at hostile environments as opposed to being at home. I, No, I wanna be, I wanna be able to hear the snap count. Huh? I wanna be able to hear the snap count. I like playing ball. I'm, I'm looking at the ball anyway 'cause I can't hear, I, I'm looking at the ball. I just need the ball move. So whether I can get a snap count or not. Whether we going silent, whether we playing home or away. I'm not listening to the cadence anyway. But See, I can't look, I'm gone because I got a guy, I got a guy on my head. Oh yeah. You always got somebody on your head. Yeah, I can see. I can't be looking. But He, you always, you always, but see, you always looking in there like that.

(45m 1s):
Yeah. At the tight end you got a little grace. 'cause he has to give you a full yard, right? Yes. Okay, okay. No, he ain't the full yard. He just, his helmet just can't be over the line of scrimmage. And I'm normally crowding the ball. Right. Because I wanna be, I wanna be as close to getting to where I need to be as possible. Yeah. I ain't trying to be back. Some people I'm like, bro, why you, why you a yard and a half off the ball? Damn that get A little freedom. Yep. Hell yeah. No. Yeah, exactly. But the dubs survived and it looks like this probably gonna be them in Ohio State again in the, the championship game, huh? Probably. And it's the Indy because that's where, that's where it was last year. I think that's where it normally is.

(45m 42s):
The Big 10 is normally in Indy. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Lucas Oil. Yeah. So it's gonna be, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a very interesting game. But that, that's the mark of a good team. You find ways to win. You outscore the opponent in their building by 10 points and you squeak out a victory. Thir 16 to 13. Give the ducks credit. Do they have another game? They play 12 and then they got the championship game. They, they, I think Who, who? But they still have three games left. They play Big Bowl. Yeah, they play Washington. They got Washington next week and they got, then they got the Big 10 championship in two weeks.

(46m 24s):
They gotta buy next week. Okay. They gotta play Oregon State in two weeks. They got Washington and then they got the Big 10 championships. Go ahead Ocho. They Gotta play Oregon State though, right? Or they already had civil war. They, they already beat y'all. You ain't have to say it like that. They thinking about taking y'all off the schedule. So y'all ain't no competition. They, they beat y'all 49 14 just like they did when you was there. You sure? Yeah, Sure. Actually when I was there, the, the four months I was at Oregon State, we did win civil war. We won that game. Just FYI just throwing that out there. I think they might have canceled it. They felt bad for y'all. Okay.

(47m 1s):
Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer's. Thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Mayers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen Pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Miles smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.

(47m 59s):
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more

(48m 41s):
When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(49m 47s):
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.

(50m 17s):
Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. In a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom built T-Mobile private 5G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra-low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking,

(51m 27s):
Aston Genchi ran for 159 yards at three touchdowns as the number 13 Boise State Broncos beat the San Jose State. 42 21 genchi, 1 59 3 touchdown set school records for rushing for yards rushing in the season. So what's he at now? A little tick under 2000. He's a 1893 ocho. How many games left It? There's three games left, ain't it? He got, he got two games in the regular season. He, he, he gonna hit that 2000.

(52m 8s):
Oh yeah. He gonna get 2000. No, the question is, is he gonna get Barry's record? He's about 707. He's about 736 yards behind Barry. So would they count the playoff? No. That he's not? Yeah, they do. They do. They do. He is not gonna, that's a, that's a lot. That's almost a full season worth of work in a, in a three game span. The question is, is he gonna make the college football playoffs because they got two games. Do they have a conference? Do they have a conference championship? Yeah. People talking about the cowboys going go draft gent. No, they won't.

(52m 50s):
That's too obvious of a pick A running back going that high. Yeah, They have, so they got two plus the championship and I'm assuming they're gonna be in it. Yeah. Yeah. So who do, who do they have left? Oh man, he about to go for 300 against Oregon State. Where they play, where they play us last, It don't matter. And, or, and Corvallis, they can play y'all on the moon, can play y'all in the parking lot.

(53m 32s):
He going for two 50? I don't, I don't, I don't think so. He, he might go for one 20, but I don't know about two. Two, nothing. Not on us. Yeah, on y'all. But see, yeah, but see, the difference is how many games has he played now, Ash? 10 or 11? See Barry, Barry rushed for 2,600 in 11 games, but Ocho Oh, that's, so he needs 735 yards to, is 700 yards rushing possible in the game at the college game? Ocho No. No. And if, if it is the conference is, you know what?

(54m 14s):
I'm not gonna say that. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't think. But the kids, I mean the kids playing, he is having an unbelievable season. Yeah. He's, he's gonna win the Dope walker, which is the, the best collegiate running back in Right. In college. And rightfully so. Right. Do I believe he's gonna get invited to the Heisman? Yes, I do. I believe he get invited to the ceremony. But it is my estimation that Travis Hunter is the best co collegiate football player. Absolutely. That's no knock on anybody else. No, No. I mean, listen and no disrespect, but a blind man can see a blind man. See what Travis doing a special and, and, and, and deserves to win the Heisman.

(54m 54s):
It, it's, it's deserving. Like, there, there's no hate, there's nothing you can say and you can't, you can't talk about, oh, he's padding stats and like get, I I, I saw all kind of stuff on Twitter today from, from certain people, certain analysts talking about, oh, the numbers he's putting up, he's putting him up in garbage time when the game doesn't matter. Like, come on. Ooh, Trav. Yeah, man. Like, come on man. You just trying to find any type of angle, just any way to be negative. If you watch the game of football, whether it be college, high school, NFL, what Travis Hunter is doing is special stop with the, with the, with the shenanigans and trying to find something negative to say, God. Yeah, I agree. Oh, Joe Deshaun Mitchell had a hell of a game against Benedict last week.

(55m 37s):
He had 12 catches for 227 yards and two touchdowns. Why is that important? The 227 yards and his single game set the record by Savannah State receiver, breaking the record, held by Shannon Sharp, said in 1989 of seven catches 221 yards in two touchdowns. Hey, you uncle, you gotta go suit up. You got any eligibility left, you gotta go get it back. No, I'm glad Ocho that. Hopefully I inspired him. I mean, look, I mean, for the most part, I'm probably the most famous football player to come outta Savannah State. And I'm glad I could inspire him because I didn't really have anybody to look to because I didn't, they were, there was really no numbers OCHO that I could like, man, I wanna get that right.

(56m 20s):
Right. I mean, There wasn't nothing like that. And so for him to go get that, I mean, like I said, I I, I'm surprised that he hadn't got it yet. But after 35 years, Dude, salute, salute, salute the young boy, salute John Mitchell. Congratulations. And he's first team all conference as a receiver. I think he had like 49 catches, 913 yards and nine touchdown. So anytime a Savannah State Tiger does something at the wide receiving position at any position here, Savannah State tiger. Bro, I'm proud of you. I salute your success. Congratulations on everything that you've accomplished. Yes, sir. The breaking of my record being first team all conference Savannah State, baby.

(57m 1s):
That's what we do. There's a very cool story coming out of Tennessee. Money Williams lit up the number 11 Tennessee on Wednesday nights scoring 30 of Montana's, 57 point. Wow. 57 points on eight or 15 and 4, 7 3. He was incredible off the court. Williams had a pretty rough year. He lost both of his parents since November. And now he and his older sister are having to take care of his three younger siblings. Balls Beat Rider Mike Williams, Mike Wilson posted Williams GoFundMe after the game. And the donations have been pouring in from Tennessee. Fans looking to help Tennessee fans have been donating thousands of dollars and $128,651 have been raised with a goal of $150,000.

(57m 48s):
That's dope. Wow. That's dope. That's, that's, that's very dope. That's really dope. I think that, that, I'm not sure if that, that story in itself has, is, has been made public or as, as far as globally, you know, statewide. But that can extend way over the $150,000 mark. Oh yeah, for sure. I'm sure it will Extend way over the 150,000 mark very, very fast. If the right outlets push that story. Yeah. Damn. That's It is, it is. We gotta, I'm gonna get his information. I'm gonna donate also because we need to get that, that restaurant that the people walked out on. So make sure we have the team, get that information so we can get, get them taken care of.

(58m 32s):
But that's an unbelievable story. My money, bro. I am sorry. So sorry to hear about your, about your mom and your dad, but you and your sister stepping up and doing what your mom and dad would be so very proud of you doing, taking on the responsibility of your younger siblings. And I know that's a, that's, that's a, that's a tall task that mean, because you really haven't had an opportunity to grieve because you have to be a parent now. And, you know, while you might want to grieve, you realize that you got three younger brothers and sisters. That's counting on you to be the fill-in parent now. Yeah. So, bro, continuous success, keep your head up.

(59m 12s):
Unbelievable. Puts everything in perspective, lets you understand what's really, what's important and what's really, really, really, really important. And family is the most sacred thing, and I'm glad the, the Tennessee fans did are doing what they're doing. But let's go ahead and get that thing, get it up, get that thing on up to a couple of hundred thousand, maybe even half a million. So, buddy, we got you, bro. Jerry Jones believes Jason Whitton could be an NFL head coach. He has something you can't draw.

(59m 52s):
Reminds me of our other tight end head coach in Detroit right now. Oh Lord. Have mercy. Ooh, what you wanna bet? What you wanna bet what you wanna bet You hear him talking? Hey, at what, at what point does it end? Huh? It don't, at, At what point does it end? Like how do you, how do you take, how do you give the fans? What, you know what? I'm gonna let you talk about it, man. You, you, you told me, you told me not to say, say much when it come to Jerry. So I'm, I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you take, I'm gonna let you take the, take the Flow. Reminds me a lot of our other tight end.

(1h 0m 32s):
He's a head coach up in Detroit right now. That why you cut him. Oh. But anyway, should there be any co should there be any comparison, Dan Ka, Do not compare Dan Campbell and motherfucking Jason Whitton. Don't do that. Don't do that. Now Jason Ja. Jason Whitton was a great titan for the Dallas Cowboys for many years. Put up some great numbers, but yes, from a coaching standpoint and a coaching perspective, Dan Campbell is a different type of coach. There are very few coaches in the NF nfl, like Dan Campbell. I could name, I could name maybe like that, like player friendly coaches that you just wanna run through a wall for Dan Campbell, Dick Lebo, if you ever played for Dick Lebo, if you've met Dick Lebo, your Mike Tomlins, your Har boss, your Mike Shanahan, no, not Mike.

(1h 1m 23s):
Did I say that right? Kyle? Kyle Shanahan. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The young, the the young one player. Friendly, understandable. Play the game. Understand the game that there's certain energy, certain or that they bring to the culture. You know, just don't, don't do the comparison. Don't, don't, come on Jason. When Dan Campbell, and this is no knock on Jason win the football player, but from a coaching perspective, he doesn't even have that type of mentality. He doesn't even carry himself the same way as Dan Campbell to be compared to him. Like, what are we doing? If the Cowboys on the buy this week, They've been on the season, Or they play the Texas, they've Been on the buy all season. Whatcha talking about For sure for truth, people talk about the shit they take.

(1h 2m 4s):
No, just keep doing what you're doing. You get the first pick, you don't do anything different. What you mean to tell me y'all can play worse than what y'all playing? I mean, in order for you as be as bad as the Cowboys is, you gotta practice that, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you gotta go out there and practice, practice to try to lose. Say, nah, look here, check this out. When that man hit that hole light there, I need y'all to step to the side. When I throw you the ball, you hit it up in there and let somebody pick it. Right Man. Larry Zaki once again getting calls about another team that's trying to join the 72 Dolphins as the NFL's only undefeated teams throughout the season, that's regular season and post-season, Zika, a hall of Fame running back who powered Miami to back to back world titles in addition to helping the 72 dolphins go 17 and old.

(1h 2m 49s):
See similarities between the teams and the his team and the 2024 chiefs. It's fun to talk about a team that's showing side kind that kind of reminds me of the Dolphins, the attention to details. They're willing to not to take care of business about their own, not worried about their own statistic, but about winning. It's reminiscent and I kind of get a kick out of the quarterback and that coach it bring back memories. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if, I don't know if, if, if, if Andy, Andy don't remind me of Coach Shula. No. His personality is a lot different than Coach Shula's. And I don't, I don't think the Chiefs are. Yeah. I don't even think, honestly, the bills are three in one.

(1h 3m 31s):
The bills are three in one against the Chiefs in the, in the regular season. Yes. Now has a different thing. I have the bills winning the game tomorrow. I have the bills winning the game tomorrow. Just for the simple fact that Josh Allen and what they've been able to do offensively him not turning the ball over them, being able to move the ball up and down the field, whether it be the pass, whether it be the run with Dalvin Cook, some of the, some of the creative things that they're doing and, and not putting Josh Allen in harm's way where he's normally turning the ball over a lot. He, this season he's protected the ball very well and the Chiefs have started so slow, they've started so slow and I know when it counts, most Patrick Mahomes has come in and clutch on those drives where you just gotta have it.

(1h 4m 14s):
He also absolutely, he always delivers like FedEx and Amazon, but I have the Bills winning tomorrow and that's no slight to the Chiefs. But if you are gonna lose, this is the game you wanna lose and get, get that win, get that taste out your mouth now and then carry yourself on into the, into the back half of the season and pick up where you left off. I think the chiefs are two and a half point underdogs. See, see What, what is, what is, what is the drafting setting in the line there? Vegas. Vegas. All in my business, The bills are underdogs. Wow. What the bill?

(1h 4m 55s):
Yeah, what I thought so. Yeah, that's what I thought. Wait, the bills underdog. Oh, you got, you got that right. The Chiefs are, oh, I was finna say, I was finna say come on now. Yeah. Chiefs are the chiefs are underdog. Two points. Okay. Hey Ocho. Somebody did the chat talking about my grandma single. What about, what about your grandma granddaughter? Is she single? That what I'm looking for, that what I'm looking for. I dunno, I dunno who told you they done told you wrong? Hey, but you, you, I think you, you know what? You might, you, I, I don't, I don't mean, I know we talking football right now, but you, you need someone around your age though.

(1h 5m 39s):
Somebody that got something going on. You know, somebody that's a little seasoned, somebody that's a Little, they got people, they got people that's, that's younger than me. Got stuff going on. I mean, stuff that you can, you can relate to. I can relate to anything. That's why we have a podcast, that talk culture. We talk sports, we talk so about everything. You sure. Because you know, if the younger you go, you know, they like to be outside. Huh? They like to be outside, you know, to strip Other I'll be outside too. You just don't see me. See, I'll be outside too. Yeah. Okay. I'll be outside with them. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Man, look, Ojo, they say you only as young as the woman you feel.

(1h 6m 26s):
I feel 30 ish. Okay. Okay. I like that. Hey, you, you could date, you, can you date 30. Can you listen? Can you day 30 and deal with the games and the indecisiveness, the overthinking, the analyzing the not the not knowing what you wanna do. And like It, I mean, look, all look, it's just like all 50 plus year old men are, it is not, it's not stable. It doesn't know what they want to do. Not all 30 olds, there's some, obviously Yeah, yeah. There's some 30 year olds that's, that's more grounded than others, right? The the one looking for Yeah.

(1h 7m 10s):
Yeah. I see. You can't, you stuck inside. Hey. Huh? Who? You, You stuck. What you mean You stuck inside? You've gotta work on you working on something right now. Let me handle this. Lemme handle this. Hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm working on these 37, 11 jobs I got, is that what you talking what I'm saying? But you, you keep focused on that. Let focus on this other stuff. Okay. I got you. I'm with you. The Seattle Seahawks had planned to draft both Devo and DK Metcalf in the second round in the 2019 draft. But the Raiders backed out at the last second and screwed Seattle over ocho.

(1h 7m 52s):
Would this have been the scariest receiving duo ever? You know what? They would've been a scary receiving duo, but who was gonna get him the goddamn ball? That's, that's the most important part. Listen, A team is only as good. Rough played with rough played with dk. He had rough throwing the ball. You Said, you said they would've Oh, so DO dk metha mean not dk. Devo was supposed to go to Seattle. Yeah, they was gonna trade. They was gonna trade, but the Raiders backed up out the deal. Oh, okay. Okay. Now, now that, that would've been nice that, that that's what it meant. You had me thinking they were supposed to be at the Raiders together. Okay. No, No, no, no, no, no, no. They supposed, they supposed to be, they supposed to be at Seattle together. That that would've been nice. That would've been, Hey, hold on with B wait, no, B dk, huh?

(1h 8m 32s):
Oh, Okay then. Yeah. That, that would've been nice. That'd been nice. Yeah. I don't know about the best receiving group ever. Ever. Hell no. Hey, good though. Nah, hell No. You got, you got two of the same players. One just tall and one just short. That's it. One just tall, just short. Okay.

(1h 8m 52s):
Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.

(1h 9m 50s):
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible, capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more

(1h 10m 32s):
when It's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(1h 11m 38s):
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.

(1h 12m 8s):
Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on a 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving on site safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.

(1h 12m 60s):
Ocho, what in Netflix first last spring professional boxing event. Hey man, 60 million. 60 million households tuned in to watch Jake Paul face. Mike Tyson, the 27-year-old Paul defeated Mike be a unanimous decision. ocho, what did you think about the fight? What did I tell you was gonna happen man, I told you it was gonna come down to stamina and conditioning. Jake Paul won round two to eight, round one for people in the chat. Round one if you're paying attention. When Mike came out there and applied pressure and opened up and volume punched a little bit. Just a little bit and he, and he scared the shit outta Jake.

(1h 13m 44s):
If you watch Rick go back and watch round one again. And Mike was actually Mike for a little bit, even a 58-year-old Mike made Jake Paul uncomfortable, uncomfortable. He's not used to that. You can't train for that kind of, that kind of fighter. I don't care who you small with and how many rounds or hours of small No, you can't. No. After round one, I'm not sure why Mike stopped. I'm not sure why he stopped applying that pressure. He was seeing What you mean He got tired. The same reason when you running, when people running and they get tired and they stop walking and they start walking. Yeah. Yeah. That's why you said, man, why you stop? I was tired. Yeah, you right, you right. Hey, he caught Jake with that left hook twice, I think maybe twice.

(1h 14m 27s):
He ain't throw the, he ain't throw the upper cutting. Not once. Unc, he ain't throw the upper cut once. And then I seen there was, there was some rounds in the later rounds where Jake hit him across the head and he, he was backing up. He was biting on his, biting on, you know, he always keep yeah, guard high. It was just, it was, it was very uncomfortable for me. It was, it was very uncomfortable me to see Mike, what Do you expect To see Mike going backwards, UNC to see him going backwards. Mike don't fight off his back foot. Unc Mike, come forward baby. It, just listen, kudos to Jake. You know, kudos to Mike for getting in there and living out a dream, allowing his kids. I saw his, you know what he, what he wrote on Twitter on, excuse me, what he wrote on X about his kids being able to see him standing there against somebody, you know, 30, 20 something years younger or whatever, man.

(1h 15m 14s):
And I'm glad you were able to fulfill that, that dream or whatever it might have been, and being able to get back in the ring after 22 years. I salute you. But I mean, unc, it, it is what it is. It, it, it wasn't what I thought it would be. It wasn't what I thought it would be. I think Jake, he, he stepped off the gas a little bit in the later rounds. So he would knock Mike out if, I think if he wanted to, if he applied pressure, he could have knocked Mike out if he wanted to. He, but he didn't. So I mean, it, it was cool, but it, it wasn't what I thought, it wasn't what I thought it would be. I didn't get the Well, that's exactly what I thought it would be. Yeah. If you look at Mike, if you, if you look at Mike training and hitting the pads with, with, with that, with that, with that, that The pads don't move That that velocity.

(1h 15m 58s):
Yeah. Even the pads don't move. But listen, it's different. I didn't even, but we didn't even get that. We didn't even get, we didn't even get that type of mike that coming up under like, I'm just, and just letting it go like that, that, that round one, I was like, oh shit, well Mike gonna kill this motherfucker. And then when round came that it was a rap Ocho every, you know how it is, man, you know, boxing. Yeah. You gotta be well conditioned. Very, it is different. And because the thing is, it's not that you're just running, you're throwing punches. Yeah. So you using every part of your body, your arms, your back, your shoulders, your legs.

(1h 16m 39s):
Yeah. Your core gotta stay tight. You gotta be mentally focused because you don't know where punches are coming from. Coming From. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, sometimes you can get to fatigue mentally that'll drain you. Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, Mike, Mike, Mike, 58. I mean, I don't know what people was thinking. I, I I got exactly what I thought. Yeah. I saw 58-year-old fighting His legs, went Up and, and fighting, doing, doing a cardiovascular. Yeah. I could see Ocho if it was like weightlift, like you got older, you got guys in their fifties that are still strong. But it doesn't, it doesn't require the, the cardio. Right. The lactic threshold that it would require as a boxer.

(1h 17m 20s):
Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know what people thought they were that thought they were gonna get. Yeah. Like, oh, my Mike, Mike retired 22 years ago. Why? Because he didn't have Hey bud. Because he didn't have the desire. Hey, what you doing? Hey, his leg, Mike, his legs wasn't up, wasn't up up underneath him either. They was, they, they was underneath him that first round though. That first round. Hey, he scared the shit outta Jake, bro. My legs be up underneath for that first round In his head. I know. He think of in his head like, whoa, whoa, whoa, Mike, what, what, what you doing Ocho? Oh, my legs be up under me for the first round. Oh, is this when they asked for that second and third one?

(1h 18m 1s):
I ain't got nothing for, you know what I'm saying? I Yeah, yeah. Matter of fact, speaking of, speaking of, speaking of boxing, I'm glad, I'm glad you, I'm, I'm glad you brought this up. There's Mme, it's called Misfit Boxing, you know, a bunch of, you know, content creators, YouTubers, and they have a misfits boxing. One of their fighters called me out today. Anthony. Anthony pretty boy. Taylor. And he asked me, can I make, can I make 175 pounds or can I make 180? And I told them I can make whatever you need me to make. So at some point in the future now I I I'm gonna have to, I need my Nightcap trunks, I need my Nightcap robe, you know, and so I'm, I'm, I'm going. I ain't put you in all that Nightcap gear.

(1h 18m 42s):
So you get knocked out and they see, they see, and all they gonna see is unc don't your my face and your face on the trunk. Partner witness. Hey, hey. One, hey, 1, 1, 1. Hey Unc, I got you man. Yeah, I got you baby. We good. We good. We good. We good. So I'm, I'm, Imma make sure I'm gonna get that in the works too, so that, that'd be a good event for all. I Tell you what I tell you, I got a perfect person. You can fight. What? No, I'm fighting him. I want him. He called speed. You could fight speed. Who? Speed. Who's that? The, you the content creator? YouTube guy? Nah, he too little. He too little? Nah, he said he ready it. Nah, unc, he too little. I want, I wanna for, I wanna fight an actual fighter. He said he want, he said he want Floyd Mayweather. Come on man.

(1h 19m 24s):
I'm just telling what he told me. Yeah, I know he tell you. But sometimes people just be talking just to talk, thinking it's what they want. Everybody got a plan until they get punched in the mouth. Yeah. Hey Anthony. Anthony pretty boy. Taylor man, when, whenever you're ready baby. Talk to me. Send the contract. They gotta make it. Gotta make sense. They gotta make sense. And One thing about these hands, they fly baby and they do deliver. I ain't talking about Amazon, But, but see, I don't know if them hands been updated yet. Oh, They've been updated. I ain't stopped training boxing yet. I've been the, the past four years. You gotta think I've been, I've been training now seriously taking it actually seriously since 2021. The problem is I ain't really had nobody to fight. I've been waiting on Andre Ward. Andre Ward running for me. He's scared. You know? I think, I think that's what you call should fight.

(1h 20m 5s):
Who? Logan Paul should fight Andre Ward or Jake Paul should fight Andre Ward. No, no, no. You, you gonna get, why not? You gonna get the man hurt. Don't do that. Get who hurt Jake. What you mean? He can't, he can't, he can't get in the ring with an experienced fighter of that magnitude. That's an elite and elite fighter. It's, You're talking about you wanna get in the ring with it. I beat, I beat Andre boy ass. I'm different. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a fighter. I've Been fighting. Well how about you fight Jake Paul then. Oh, oh, how, What you mean? How easy? Get in there, put gloves on. Put trunks on boots and go to work. All right, cool. Tell Jake, tell Jake send me the contract.

(1h 20m 46s):
Matter of fact, oh listen to this. Think about this right quick. Jake is from Cleveland, Ohio, right? Yeah. Think about how c this would be. He's from Cleveland, Ohio. I played in Cincinnati. We can have the motherfucking fight right at Paycor Stadium. We could feel the whole stadium at Paycor, right? Boom. Netflix, what have you or what whatnot. Battle. Battle of Ohio. Okay guys, I'm putting it right now. I'm gonna be looking for a new co-host when this fight taking place. Hey, whatever Applicants get your applications in need to be versed in a lot of different topics. You can talk football, top basketball, I'm sure you can research things on track and field you, things of that Nature.

(1h 21m 28s):
Gotta you gotta be able to spell too. Yeah, no, that's, that's your say. But we ain't doing, we not doing a spell anymore. And and culture related. Yeah, you need to know r and b, you need to know pop, you need his thing. Know things that's going on because Ocho fight, Jake Paul or any Audrey Ward, unfortunately, I feel I'm have to have me a new partner. You Won't, you won't, you know, you know what? That's, that's gonna, that's gonna pay dividends for us. You know, as, as not only are we the best podcast there is. How is it gonna be a dividend for us? If fact gotta get a new partner. It ain't gonna be us and OCHO no more. Yeah, it's I think, man, listen, come on man. They gonna Be ing. No, no, I'm, I'm gonna be good. Huh?

(1h 22m 8s):
I'm gonna be good. You got, see, listen, think about, imagine me coming out, you walking me out. You know how they be having rappers walk 'em out, you walk out, you know, you and Ash walk me out, you know I got my rob, How far is the ring? Because my knee bad. I can't walk that far, man. I be telling Jordan, man, hey, how far is this thing up here, man? He be talking about, man, it's just right around the corner. I said, man, you should have got me one of those, one of those little carts. Hey, I, I think that that would be dope, man. Just think about it. Nightcap box OCHO versus Andre Ward Ocho versus Jake Paul.

(1h 22m 48s):
We might come out better in a raffling match. Oh, I, no, no, no. I wanna, man, I'm, man, listen, God bless me with these hands for a reason. Now you people think my feet fast. You should see these things. Here go. Huh? You should see these things right here. Go. But anyway, okay, we, we back on, we back on, back on, back on subject. But I'm, Look, first of all, I'm glad Netflix had this so they can get the kinks out because look, I don't think it's gonna be that many people watching football on Christmas, but it just goes to show you, I mean this, they ain't gonna have no 60 million people watching. I mean maybe what what you thinking? 12, 14, 15 million? Yeah. Yeah. So it, it's, it's, it's, Jake has done a hell of a job. Jake has done a hell of a job to be able to, to get that many people to tune in to a fight like that.

(1h 23m 33s):
Yeah. I mean you think about when they have like 70 something thousand in, at, at t Stadium. Oh Yeah. You Watch a 27-year-old fight. A 58-year-old. Yeah. Yeah. Commendable, commendable. Jake, very commendable. What you've been able to do over the past four or five years, commendable. Who do you think Jake should fight next? You? Yeah. Okay. Might as well. You know, you gotta deal with somebody that's much more athletic to you. Someone that's in shape, that has stamina, that has the footwork of a motherfucking cheetah that can move, that can dodge. I can, I can fight on the inside. I can fight mid-range.

(1h 24m 13s):
I can fight from a distance. I can dance. You, I can hit you when I want to. You don't get the don't in the pocket don't you? Huh? Get on your bike and just run around. Don't, don't. No, No, no, no. I ain't get on no bike. I, I ain't getting on no bike. I've been training. Listen punk, I've been training with God Boey in this and drunk Mike been training. Mike Tyson was training too. Finish, lemme finish. My confidence is out the roof right now because of the people in the tutelage who I've been able to train with and absorb information from over the past four years. You hear me? So You ain't listening. Hold your head up now. Hold, hold your head up now. Talk about, alright, listen. When it happened, when it happened and the first thing you say when you, when we come on the show after I fight, the first thing you gonna say is, boy, you was right.

(1h 24m 59s):
You was right. I ain't know you had it like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I told you I don't just be talking. Well, I hope that's the case. I hope Rel ain't rubbing your mouth like you fly. Wait, who Re She left me. She'll be there. I mean, something happened to you. She'll be back. She be back. She ain't gonna let you go out like that. She still care How, you know, Because she does. You don't, you don't, you don't be with somebody as long as you two have been together and then all of a sudden your feelings just go away in two weeks or three weeks or a month. She still care.

(1h 25m 40s):
I mean, just like you still care and, and, and you know, hey, everybody tries to put on a brave face. I'm doing so good. But when you alone in your private moments, I know, hey, everybody's going through it. Everybody's going through it. Been there, done that. I dunno what you talking about. Even When you, even when you talk to them, I don't think, Hey, I was good before I met you. How you think I got this far? I didn't know you. I didn't know you till I was in my forties. So what did I do the first 40 years? Mm. Do you hang on the phone? Damn babe, I missed you. I sure wish you come back. I'm sorry. That's what you say to yourself. You don't, you, you gotta stand, you gotta stand on that for a little while. Just like she pro people.

(1h 26m 21s):
Women say things that, hey, I could do without you, you not the only this blah blah, blah. I get it, get it. Everybody's been there. Yes. It's, it is only one me. I don't give a fuck where you go. It still ain't gonna be me. Shit. You can go high, you can go low, you can go in the middle. But it's still me. It's only one me. It don't matter. It don't matter. It don't matter. Don't matter what you get. You still ain't gonna get this Shit. I, I, I still look, I think both of you guys realize, I think both of you guys are special. There's only one rail, there's only one. You, there's a reason why you guys got together, something brought you guys together. Yeah. You've had issues before. Maybe not to this magnitude, but hey, things happen.

(1h 27m 1s):
But at the end of the day, it's gonna be, it's going to take two people getting into a room together, two people having a conversation. And whether or not this is something that you two really want, that's what it comes down to. One can't want it the other. And, and you either gotta go all in or, or not. But it's not easy. I know when you've been someone I've been in, in relationships where I've been there a long time and hey, and when it's fresh, whoever party, hey sometimes, hey, I've messed up and try to flip it. I don't care. Leave. Damn baby. Please though, I'm saying to myself, please don't lord that though. Hey, Remember, remember that Martin episode? He tried to get mad. He said, Gina, leave. I don't care.

(1h 27m 41s):
Get outta Here. Tell her get this step. Nah, I'm but I'm, I'm, I'm good. I'm good though. I'm good though. I'm good though. Listen, it, I'm, I got a singular focus right now. I got a singular focus and Oh, definitely Helpful. You have something to, to occupy your time. You stay busy. Listen, my energy and my time is devoted high cap. You know, it's devoted to inside the NFL, it's devoted to Apple, it's devoted to Pepsi, it's devoted to all these things, all these these blessings where my cup is runeth over that is my singular focus right now. Along it's devoted to DraftKings. I mean, I, I can keep going, you know, so I I'm, I, I gotta stay aligned, you know, and I gotta stay anointed, you know, 'cause the oil, God done put the oil on me, right?

(1h 28m 27s):
He done put the oil on. Now he's blessed me in a way that I I I couldn't imagine that you do Realize rel was in your life when all these things happened. Come again, press play. Rel was all in your life when everything that you just had happen. The apple, the draftings, the Pepsi, the inside, the NFL, the desk, the, that, you know who was by your side, right? Okay. I'm just putting that out there. I i you doing that. What you wanna do with it. But I'm just saying we understand The Volume,

(1h 28m 59s):
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(1h 29m 48s):
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.

(1h 30m 18s):
What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for? Give the gift of sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors. And they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select Jlab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the Jlab blue box at retailers everywhere or visit jlab.com today.

(1h 30m 49s):
What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved, To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.

(1h 31m 18s):
Did you know there's no Tom at Toms? Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season. Embrace cozy comfort with Toms. From Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr. Gods slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.