
Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat, dfa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now@axs.com.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello, Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games, aol, Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, craven, self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of ika, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women history has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story, the rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter fighting for Aboriginal rights. Listen to a man on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had. What they want to know is what did you do for the people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. The Volume,


The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino. When resort in Kansas, 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, again, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap Olympic Edition. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the Route runner extraordinaire. The Binga ring of Fame Honoree, the Pro bowler, the All Pro from Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And again, thank you. Yeah, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And remember, guys, do us a favor. Subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And remember, because of you, we've been able to enjoy a great level of success. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier.


We have it in stock. So thank you for your patience. Last time we didn't have it in stock, And, we only did pre-orders. But thank you guys again for your patience and thank you for making Shea the best selling vs OP. Thank you very, very much. Please go follow my media company's page on our platform. She media and four four spelled out our Olympic merch just dropped. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Use Code Olympics ocho. We gonna get right into it. The last couple of days, the US has been on a gold rush. We piling up the medals getting medal, we winning goals in places that we really didn't expect the win go because the reigning world champ.


We're gonna talk about Cole Hawker winning the 1500 meter. Yeah. And Reley a fan. Fantastic finish too. Yes. Fantastic finish. He timed it. He timed it perfect. But let's kick it off. The USA trounce Brazil 1 22 to 87. They will play Serbia for the third time on Thursday and won gold medal. The defending World Cup champion Germany played the 2022 Olympic silver medal finalist, France and the other silver medal and the other semifinal. Devin Booker with the USA's leading score. He had 18 points on five may threes.


The US shot the ball extremely well. OCHO, they were 58% from the floor, 48% from the three, 90% from the free throw line. LeBron left the game, caught an elbow to the eye, ended up getting stitched left in the third quarter, he had 12 points. Joel had his most out impressive outing in the Olympics. He had 14, we mentioned Devin Booker had 18. Kevin Durant had 11. An Anthony Davis had 13. Ant man had 17, 1 22 to 87. They dominated. They started out, this is the way I expected them to play. This is how I expected them to look. And they've been, they've been winning in dominating fashion. You never know who's going to be the hot man on a given night.


ocho. Yeah, yeah. Given what we have to offer and for them guys to sacrifice, because every guy is the guy on their team. And for them to sacrifice shots to sacrifice minutes to sacrifice whatever they're having to sacrifice for the commonality of the one thing, win the gold medal gold, yeah. And represent the USA in the highest form. Kudos to this team. Go silver medal match with Serbia. Nicole Yoic is in front of them with a chance to go to the gold medal round. Ocho, what'd you when you watched this game, what'd you like about what you saw? I mean, they would thought they were having fun. Ob I I understand the pressures. I understand it's the Olympics, but they were out there having fun. Obviously Brazil's team is not of size.


They don't really have any bigs down there. Joel and Bead. Even though when you look at from a matchup standpoint, they, they didn't really need him based on his size and being seven one. But he played anyway. And when he did play, he played a little different than what we're used to for our bigs. You want your bigs inside as opposed to outside. But he played outside game and mid rain was on, he was shooting good from the field, he was shooting the three and everybody else was having fun. Devin Booker leading the charge. Anthony Evers had a great game. And like you did say, everybody contributed in a great way. And listen, Steve Kerr, I mean, his job is very difficult because for sure. Do you think everyone is still happy? Yeah. Do you think everyone is still happy when you look at it?


I know the common goal is to win goal, but I know they want to be able to, to put on their skill and represent their country and be, be a contributor. A contributor for the most part as one of the reasons why they won goals. So I think players want to get their minutes and be able to score. And I think there are, there are still still some rumblings of, of people not happy with, with, with the way things are going. Well, I think Everybody should be happy with the minutes that got it. If you look at it, the role player, the the, the second unit played more minutes than the starters, right? I mean, no starter played more than 17 minutes. And you look at Jason Tatum, he had 20 minutes. Kevin Durant had 21 minutes, bam, had 19 minutes, Antman at 18 minutes.


Derek White had the same number of minutes as the starters. Only person that didn't play double digit minutes was Tyree Halliburton. And he played eight minutes. He was one, one from the field. But I, I think the thing now is that, you know, now every team that you face now can beat you. So it doesn't matter. It's, it's not a situation. Hey coach, I need to get my 10, 15, 20 minutes. No, Steve Curry's gonna run the guys that he failed. Obviously the starters are gonna start. We'll see how all LeBron I see if it holds up. I don't see, I don't think he's gonna miss any time. Joel Embi had a little minor ankle injury that he ended up leaving the game late in the third quarter.


Was it the third quarter that he left Ash or the fourth? But he ended up leaving the game with an ankle injury. But you know, the reigning world, champs is Germany. We know what the French possess. They have, they have Wim, they have Gobert. They have Orate. So they have, and and, and, and, and the, the Germans, they have Dennis Shroder, they have the Wagner brothers. So, and Serbia, I, we, we, we already know who's on that team, the three time league, MVP and, and bogey. Right? The shootings guard from the Atlanta, the Atlanta Hawks. So these last three teams, the potential that the, the Americans could face with play Serbia and the semi-finals and then potentially Germany or France could beat them.


And they know that. Whoa. And so I expect them to be on their best behavior. Whoa, you got, look, you got too much dip on your chip. Now With that, they, They have, they have some good players. They have some good players, but the chance of them actually beating the US is slim than none. That's not gonna happen. You got a better chance at finding Jimmy Hoffa and any of the teams that are left in contention than beating the USA team. Especially knowing that because of who they're playing, I think the players are gonna raise their level of play even more. The thing is Ocho is that the one thing sons, you say you never under, you never underestimate, underestimate Your opponent. Yes sir. And you never overestimate yourself. Okay. Okay. And you'll be fine. Alright, because we've, there's a reason why the pros have come playing.


Now remember, pros didn't use to play. Yeah, yeah. But you, and you're talking about, you're talking about a knockout round now Ocho one game. Yes sir. One Game. Yeah. You think about football, think about how many teams have gotten a man. Ain't no way they can lose this game in one game. Anything can happen. You'll tweaked ankle. You're a bad foul. You're a terribly rough ref game, Right? I think. But listen, in order for that to happen, hypothetically speaking, yes, they would have to have, they would have to play horrendous. Everybody would have to be shooting horrible from the field. Steph threes wouldn't be falling. LeBron really can't get it going.


Anthony Evers can't have No, he's off rhythm. KD not efficient from the field. I just don't see it happening. Even though I understand what you're saying. I understand the analogies never underestimate your opponent never overestimate yourselves. But it ain't, I don't, I don't see it happening. I see the players raising their level of play, understanding it is a knockout stage and not giving anyone a chance to even contend or give us that feeling that we even have a chance to lose. And I think they'll make a statement when they do play. Wait, who? They play Serbia coming up? Yeah. When they play Serbia, I think they gonna make a statement. The let to let folks know to let us know. We ain't got nothing to worry about. Stay aside. And Plus also Ocho, you gotta realize the host country team is still in it.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hmm. Have you ever heard of home cooking? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I, yeah, I I heard a home cooking. But you come on now Don't, don't, don't do me like that. No, I'm just saying. I don't, I don't, I don't see it happening. I, I think that the, the, I I understand you have to play the fence. You gotta play the fence, you Know, but No, no, no. Look, I, I'm just saying, I, I, I'm, I'm never, I'm not naive enough to believe that on a given moment, anything can happen one game. Right? Do I believe any of these teams could beat this team, could beat the US team four outta seven, no, right? Oh, no, no. On give a night. Oh, so You saying the give a night? Okay. Yeah, Somebody get hot, we know, but, but even what if yo Even then though, huh?


Stillage goes for 50, 20 and 10. Oh no, that ain't happen. May maybe on 2K, he may be on 2K, but He, but I don't have parents And I mean, he's capable of doing it. When we see him in an NBA atmosphere, that's different. You gotta understand the players that are surrounding him when he's able to put up 50 50, whatever the, whatever the stat line you just put up is. But now in this atmosphere, you have great play. He doesn't have those elite players surrounding him. He has one, one or two guys on his team that can contend and challenge those on the US team. But no, I, I don't See it happening that way. He doesn't need to have that kind of talent. He just need to have guys that understand how to play international ball, which he has.


Which they played together more than this team. Remember they put this team together. This team has only been together a month. A month. Yeah. Yeah. How long you think, how long you think the Serbian team's been playing together? Off and on by? Probably, Hey, listen, probably since they were little kids. Exactly. Probably been, they probably came up through the same academy, the same, you, you know, you know how that goes over that way. Yes. That, that's why I mean, look at Schreder der was, was Steve Player, MVPA Guy is that's, I mean, and I mean, he over over overestimated his hand because the Lakers had 84 million in oh Oh hundred million. He said no. Yeah. And now He's been playing kinda like mid-level except she's exceptions.


Or 10, you know, $10 million deal when he could've had $20 million. But that's not your I have a go Ahead. I have a question. You, you would know better than me the fact that he, that he turned down that 84 million, is there a chance he can still get it now? Or is is that gone? That ain't happening. He's not getting a hundred million dollar contract. That's not happening. Even with the way he's playing now. Nope. Nope. All sometimes they tell you to bet yourself. I, this is one of the first cases where bet on yourself and didn't go right. But see, that's the thing, Ocho, we only hear the, we only hear the successes, or I bet on myself and I turn, well, what happens when you bet on your, you know, you bet on yourself and you, and it doesn't go accordingly. But, but I, I love what I saw today.


I love the way they move the ball, right? 31 assists ocho, only 11 turnovers did a good job on the glass. 46 rebound out, rebounding them by 1211 offensive rebounds. You, you could live with that. It's gonna be hard. The, the, the America, the US team play like this. You let them shoot 58% from the floor. You're not beating them Uhuh, You're not beating them. You're not beating them. They shot 48 what? Almost 49% from the three. You're not beating Americans. They, you let 'em shoot 122 points. You not beating It ain't ha it ain't happening. Hell nah. You not beating 'em like that.


Yeah. Oh. Oh, Joe. L and B didn't play the entire second half. So he got Nick before the half. I think they were up 27 at the half. I think they were up like what, 63, 36, something like that. I think the, it seemed there was no doubt. Although we know the, the Serbians came back and beat the Australians. They were down by 24 and they came back and beat them in overtime. But once I, once, you know, I'm looking at, I'm like, oh. I'm like, nah, this a wrap now. Just make sure nobody in a game like this Ocho, you try to make sure nobody gets sent. You get hurt, you know? Hey, hey, come, come on LeBron. Hey K, come on, come on. Hey y'all take it over guys.


And yeah, it was good. I mean, it was a great all around performance. Very unselfish. They was, you know, LeBron had nine assists. Obviously some great passes to Jason Tatum. But I like this. It's gonna be offered tough to beat this team if they play like this. Yeah. Nike had a little something in store for Kevin Durant to celebrate him becoming the team's USA's basketball, all time Olympic leading score after KD was left out. The Nike's original winning isn't for everyone. Olympic campaign and voiced his frustration with the omission. Nike gave him his own commercial today, narrated by Dion Sanders. There is a reaper every four years your time runs out.


You might forgot your debt, but he's ready to collect Coach Prime says in the commercial as highlights of Durant play in the background. Oh, we can't play that can we? Damn. Why? Why we can't, Because I like our monetization button. Okay. My bad, my bad, my bad. My bad, my bad. Look, we know what Kevin Durran is. Would I be surprised if KD isn't on the team in 2028? I wouldn't be surprised at all. Only four years. And I know KD what that'll be year 22. I think kds a year, there'll be year, well it'll be year 21 or 22 for KD in 28.


How, how, how old is he? Katie what? 35, 36? He 35 or 36, 35. So in four years, 39. Hell, LeBron 40. Yeah. I mean if, if if his bo his body holds up, I mean he should he should be able to do it. Yeah. He should be able to do it. He Doesn't have much. So I would, I wouldn't be surprised at all Ocho, if he is there trying to go for a fifth gold potential, fifth gold medal if they were to go out and close out business and do what they're supposed to do in this situation. But Right. Very well deserved. We know he's the greatest scorer in Olympic history. Now he's the all time leading scorer and men's, he's the all time leading score in Olympic history.


Right. Not just US history, Olympic history. Matter of fact, that or he is Kar Schmidt u us, us men and women. Ashkar Schmidt might be number one from the look, look at Brazil because he's the one that that that made the US Oh, go get, when he put that outstanding performance on him, he dropped 48 on the head. Matter of fact, if kd well, if the Brazilian is the, the greatest Olympic scorer. Yes. Right. I have a question. Is KD the greatest NBA score of all time? In, in, in, in your estimate what you think? I mean, until somebody average 54 season or 44 season, like, we'll, we'll average 44, average 50, 44, 38.


Right? He's the only man ever to score 44,000 points in the season. It all depends. It all depends. Is he the most efficient score? Right? Score, Score. I mean, people keep saying, so what is LeBron? If one guy has the most points ever been scored and he shoots at a higher percent. So what are talking about, right? I mean, it's apples to oranges. Is it Kobe, is it Jordan? Is it James Harden? Look, we've never seen anything like Kevin Durant. Right? A guy that's seven foot tall can put the ball on the floor, can shoot the three. He's great at the midrange. He doesn't fall in love with the three, even though he's good from that distance, he'll get to the midrange.


He can put the ball on the floor, get all the way to the rim. And, if you follow him, he's gonna make 90% of his shots. He's very unique in that way. And so, I mean, analytics, it all depends on what you're looking for. Jordan had the mid-range. Jordan didn't have a three point shot like this. Kobe didn't have a three point shot like Kevin Durant. Right. But when they did shoot from the three, they were efficient though. No, They shot Kobe was like 34, 30 3%. Jordan was like 33, 30 2%. Yeah. No, they were, yeah, that's Be okay. Matter of fact, the fact that you just mentioned Jordan, somebody on Twitter earlier, right? Matter of fact, right before we started the show, they made a comment. I told 'em that it would be at the top of the show. But the fact that you brought up Jordan and you would be, you would be able to answer it better than me.


He said Michael Jordan could not play in today's NBA. What? He would just be an average player. Huh? I just, just, yeah, I, I, listen that's what, that's what they said. I'm not sure what they're basing that off Of. I don't know either. Well, And, and, and they, and then his follow-up was the players in today's era are much more athletically gifted as opposed to what Jordan had to face. I I, I don't know from a basketball standpoint, my knowledge isn't as great as yours. I just want hear a a short answer on what you think. I disagree with him. I'm just, Okay. So even though the players today after Better, I'm not saying he gonna, I'm not gonna say he's gonna act. I mean maybe because, but it hard to average that without the three ball. It, it depends. And knowing Jordan, like we know him, he's gonna work on that shot because now you can't follow him.


You know, it's hard to hand check below the, below the free throw line. Okay. And you can't arm bar, they let your arm bar, they let you used to put your forearm in the guy's back. Right? Jordan is Jordan, Right? No matter what. Derek's just more, I would explain it like this. Ocho Yeah. When I played in the NFL, there were only a couple of tight ends that could do what I do. Yes sir. There are a lot more guys that are at as athletic, right? I'm not saying they're Jordan, but as athletic. Right. Do I believe that the, the skill level there are more skilled players now playing than they were back then? Yes sir. Yes. Right. Just like there are the players now they starting out Ocho with what?


That 7 0 7 camp. They going to 7 0 7 at eight, nine years old. Right? They ain't have no damn football camps. Right? And, we, first of all, if they were, we had no money, you ain't gonna no University of Georgia that's 50 75. Who got that? So Jordan was gonna be Jordan. I mean, right. Here's the thing, and I'll say it like this. Great players, great player. Jordan is a historically great player. A trans great player. You Adapted Any era. He adapt any era. Okay? No matter the Good. That's a good answer. That's a good answer. I like that.


Ocho before the game, Devin Booker said he still doesn't see eye to eye with Noah Lowes. I still don't agree with the comment. I feel like all the best talent in the world is in the NBA And that's coming from an Olympic gold medalist who believed that being in the NBA champion is probably harder to do. Devin, this was a mo moot point. It was bad. We had put this to bed. Why he bringing it up? He woke it back up, huh? Yes. And I disagree with you. It is not harder because you know why? Because you can play. You cannot run if anything below your waist, it bother you. You ain't winning.


We've seen guys with toes, with arches, with Achilles. We've seen guys be able to tape things up in play. We've seen guys play with broken legs. We've seen guys play with a what did raha. A dislocated elbow. Ah, yeah. Yeah. I remember that. We saw a guy, the Rams, Jack Youngblood played with a broken leg. Tell me what, what, what you going to do in track and field with a broken leg? You tell me what Olympic sports you're gonna be able to do with a broken leg. Devin? Nothing. You know, I think, I think track. I think track athletes, they do have injuries. The injuries are minimal and they're injuries that they can, you're not Winning. They Can, they they can suppress to compete.


You can't win though. You cannot win, if anything. So, hey, But think about it, unc, at that level, we talk about the best of the best elite athletes. You think they're athletes in Paris that might not be injured or might not, might have little Nicks and they not winning. You Can't be, you're not Because it's so easy. Remember, what did Justin Gatlin say? Nine seven ain't catching nine, seven. Right? So if I, if I run nine, if I run nine eight and you run nine eight and you injured how you beat me, That's a good one. But you know what? See now my football sense is coming in. So I'm thinking about when we get to the playoffs. When we get to the playoffs, hell, everybody on the team is nicked up. Everybody heard at that point, especially that far into the season.


Yeah. So when I think about track, I'm thinking all you've done, the qualifying, the prelims, there's always something. You're not a hundred percent healthy. So I'm always thinking as track athletes to get the, the, the wear and tear of your body to even get to the point that qualifying to be in god damn Paris. That I'm thinking maybe there's always something not enough to, would affect you in winning a race. No, but you not a hundred percent healthy. I could be wrong. No, I could be Wrong. You ain't winning nothing in track and field because everything is is is leg dominated unless you're a shooter. Now if you gonna living hojo, you know what I'm saying? If you shooting, I gotta pull hamstring and I'm a shooter and I'm doing archery.


But if I'm swimming, if I'm doing gymnastics, if I'm running most of the summer Olympics is that is leg dominated is from waist down. Yeah. What, what if you, nick, and here's the thing, I'm not saying you can't compete right? But like you said, the levels are so here is so here is so even look and think about this. Look at no, look at the time, the distance. Look at the time differential differe between first and fifth. Yeah. You think a guy can be hurt and win Win? Yeah. Right. When the left, when when the talent is right here, everything is right here. It's a down to thousands of a second.


The second the margin of error is so slim. No margin error is so slim. I got you. I Got you. We're gonna have special guest tomorrow. We can ask him. We're gonna, ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna go ahead and put the, let let the rabbit out. The rabbit out. Yeah. Bag got a cat out the hat or whatever the case may. What is the outta the bag Cat out the bag. The cat out the bag? Yeah. The cat out the bag. Direct down. I've got me trying sound like Ocho. We're gonna have former real world record holder in the 400 meters. The 200 meters. Yeah. Two time Olympic gold medal in the 400. Yeah. The only man who that? Michael Johnson. Oh boy.


We got Michael On the show. Let's go man. So Michael Johnson join. Lemme jump. Michael Johnson join. I got a story about, I got a story about Mike, but I, I ain't, I ain't, 'cause I ain't gonna bring it. I ain't gonna say it because you ain't gonna believe me. Yeah, you ain't gonna believe me. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna let him tell you. So God, Mike, bro, He'll, he'll explain it to you in the running because that's the thing. Can I get enough races in my leg? We seen, I give you prime example. Look at a thing Mo, she, Oh, hey, she the real dealing now a hundred boy. Even We saw, we, we see that when it's close and you injured them girls beat you. Girls would never beating her when she's a hundred percent healthy. Oh no.


So, but you know what? Her injury was significant though, if I'm not mistaken. I think it was a hamstring, right? It was. Yeah. That And she didn't get the training in. So now you don't get the training in. Yeah. Soft tissue injuries. Ain't nothing to play with boy. To, to, to be able to turn over and to go through the rounds. Yes sir. Maybe if it's a Diamond league meet, they paying you to come over. You just running one, running one race. Right. But when you gotta go through rounds, yeah. It's a, it's a, it's a little bit more difficult. That's why. And, and, and the expectations. That's why you tip your hat off to the favorite, you say boat every year he went to the Olympics. Mm.


He was the favorite in the hundred and the 200 and the weight of the expectation and his country. They, they ha they wait four years for the Olympics. They're a guy. He has the weight of a country on his back. Some of these athletes have the weight of a country. We have basketball, we have football, we have soccer, we have so many other sports. But a lot of these countries, they hang their hopes. These men and women are national heroes. I can imagine the welcome that Julian offer's gonna get when she goes back to St. Lucia, St. Lucia. Oh Yeah. I'm, I'm talking about a country.


Listen, I understand when they go back to their, their their hometowns, I'm sure they're gonna get a ticket tape parade Talking about country. It's our country. It's different. Different. Our country different. You saying boat is the most popular Jamaican times over whoever you thought the most the popular Jamaican was other than Bob Marley. Bob Marley. I was just gonna say Bob. Bob Marley. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He was saying number two. Yeah. So yeah, You're right. And they, they hang their, they hang, they hang everything on their men's and women track team. Right? That's, yeah. It's conducive. And they're people like why, why'd Jamaica, because of the climate.


It's conducive. Look at the states that produced through Fast Guy Texas. The climate. Florida. Yeah, the climate. Georgia. The climate. California The climate Jamaica. You can go to Jamaica year round. Yeah. You might have a storm here or there, but the weather is ideal. Right. The Kenyans, well, why did it's perfect. You above altitude, you're training about 7,000 feet. So when you come, lungs are full air. Yeah. Full of oxygen. That's why you get in the hyperbaric chamber because hyperbaric chamber is altitude. That's why they sleep in those. They train in that ocho. They're running, they're sleeping in that.


That's why they go to, we're the Olympic training facility for the US Colorado Springs elevation over 7,000 feet. Right. So I It was great. It's going to be great. Catching up with, with Mike. Oh Mike man, Ocho Gabby. Thomas wins Gold in the 200 meters with a time of 2182. The first American since Allison Felix did it in 2012. Julian Alfred, the hundred meter champ from St. Lucia second got set, got won the silver and Brittany Brown of the US got the bronze medal. Thomas, who's 27, is one of the biggest stars in the sport that has yet to claim a gold medal. She took the bronze in the event in Tokyo behind Jamaica's, Elaine Thompson, Herra and Namibia's.


Christine Mamba Mamba. Yeah. As well as silver in the 400 meter relay. Oh, they beat us down. Yeah. I would you say they beat us in the relay? Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah. Nah, we beat we beat them in the, in the world championship. They, they beat us in the Olympics for the simple fact, man, think about who they had. They had Elaine Thompson Harold who had just run ten six one Shelly Ann Frazier price, who's run 10 60 Ika Jackson 10 60. So hell, they could threw Ash on there and as long as she don fall, they probably gonna get, they gonna at least get the silver.


But we, we paid the ass, we paid ass back when in the world championships. Yeah. But Gabby's unbelievable. She graduated Harvard in neurobiology. I think she got a master's degree in epidemiology. Yeah, she's sensational. She went to Harvard too. She went to Harvard too. Damn. That's crazy. Okay. Yeah. And, and she ran, she ran that tur because a lot of times Mocho, she a Lally gag and then turn it on when she, but she ran that stretch. If I'm the us if I'm the US team, Mo Yeah. I'm putting the ass on the four. On the four by four At what leg? Any, I'll put it.


I'll probably put that second. No, You can't say any leg. 'cause you know Shari's on the four. No, no. Oh, she, no, she running third leg. I'm saying the four by four. Four by four. Okay. Okay, Okay. Okay. I'm gonna Sure. Her and Sidney McLaughlin Liron. Right. They're both on that team. Right? I'm putting her on there. She can run sub 50. Yeah. I am putting her on that team. Matter of fact, matter of fact, if anything, because she's so good, I'm, I'm not, I don't know if the 400 is her expertise or her race. She thought about it. The Fact that she, she, she thought about moving up. I, I, listen, I would put, I would put on the first leg just to open up everything. Just to open it up to get us a lead.


Well, first of all, I, I dunno. There, there ain't there. Look, there ain't a whole lot of, there's not a whole lot of teams that can try out for women that can run sub 50. We have about six women over there that can all run sub 50 Right. On a fly. Sydney McLaughlin can go sub 48. I've seen her do it. The reason why I want Gabby, Gabby is a dog and she will fight. So even if, even if, even if the, you know, like that's not her specialty. It is her specialty. Right. Her specialty is winning. Yeah. And I, I want her and what she has in her on that team.


That's right. Yeah. I'm trying to think of the, the lady at the, I can't think of the, the, the white lady. She ran second leg last year at the, at the Olympics. She's a hundred meter and 200 meter specialist. Oh, look up the, the Olympic team, the four by four, I can't think of her name. Oh man. And she Hey, they put on there. Yeah. Split 48. Woo. Gabby Thomas on the fly. She can run 48 seconds, Right? No, no, no, no. Last year the li last, last limb in Tokyo by four.


Damn. No, the four by four in Tokyo. The winning team. It was Dula Muhammad, it was Sidney McLaughlin. What was the second leg name? She also ran second leg on the four by one. Abby Steiner. Abby Steiner. Oh, Abby went to Kentucky. With the Kentucky. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. Abby. Abby Go. Right. Got that, got that. Now Gabby, Gabby is not the a hundred meter like, like Abby is. Right? Right. The 204 she can do it.


Yeah. I'm putting Gabby to Gabby Thomas, and I don't care who feelings are hurt. I'm putting Gabby Thomas as a leg on the four by four. She's already gonna run third leg. And the thing is right, the question that I have is, because all of our women have already qualified, they've already run the hundred and 200. Are we gonna try out the team that we're gonna run the, we get the batons, the baton around. Are we gonna trot out the team that we're gonna actually have in the fight for the finals? Because Shari's done, Shari's gonna run anchor. Right. Gabby's gonna run third leg.


TT Terry probably run second leg. Right. And, we listen, Jefferson will run first leg. Now the question is, do we let you know Mackenzie Long or do we let some of the other women, you know Okay. Or chance. It's gonna be interesting to see how they play it. But I'm, I'm, that's one of the questions I want to ask Mike, would you put Gabby Thomas on the leg of the four by four? We know she's gonna run third leg, right? 'cause she can run the curve. She's a 200 meter specialist so she can run the hell out the curb. So I walk her there. I, you know what? I got a question. Yes. Let's say for the sake of argument, hypothetically speaking, yes. Noah allows doubles, he doubles in the 200 with gold.


He doubles mean he doubles Goal 200. I go the two. So when the four by one comes up, right? Yeah. He's gonna run anchor. Do you, Do you, do you, do you let him triple it? Yeah. Or do you use one of the alternates that you have? Well, the only reason you use the alternate, and you probably would because I think, look, Fred is, is arrested Christian Coleman is arrested. Christian Coleman's gonna lead off. Fred Curley's gonna run second leg. Right. I would think that for the finals, if they get the baton and they have no miscues, Kenny Derek wouldn't run third leg. Right. And I obviously Noah would bring it home. So Noah's gonna be your ankle for the foreseeable future. So you don't, you don't, you don't think allow one of the alters to come in, allow them an opportunity to win gold Would be.


Yeah. That, that might, that might, it all depends, but, right. Yeah. I mean I'm, I'm just, to me, as, as this would be, this would almost be somewhat like, like a Steve Kerrs situation, allowing one of the alternates to get an opportunity to not only win the prize money, but give them a chance at a gold medal. Yeah. Instead of just being all the way out there in Paris for nothing as, okay, I'm an alternate. Maybe I might, I I might get a chance to run. I might not, but I would like my shine as well to say I contributed after taking this long ass six hour flight. I mean, because think about ocho. We got two guys that po that, that was on the podium, on that relay team. Fred Curley got bronze. He's run 9, 7, 6.


He's a world champ in the hundred meters. He got the silver medal in the last Olympics. We got Ken, he's run 9, 8, 7. He's gonna be in the finals of the, of the 200. So we, Christian Coleman is the greatest starter in history. True. All time. Especially in American history. Now you wanna take Ben, you know, they, they, they, Ben could actually beat the, beat the gun. So now the gun, the the blocks have senses in them. Right. But if you go 0.0, he would be actually he was like Outta there. He was gone. He was gone. Yeah. Yeah. So now they got sensors in the blocks.


And, if you go faster than that, they gonna dig or dq you. But C Cole was gonna get us off to a great start. Hey, think about this. I think I, obviously, I'm just, this is hypothetical. Yeah. Imagine if Fred, Curley, Noah, Lowes, Christian Coleman, Kung Fu Kenny think about if they knew how to play football, they could, they, they were fast as they are, but had the, the skillset and the con and the control to be able to play the game of football. Can you imagine, can you imagine I look, I think I think about Raheem Moer take Ra Raheem moer off the dolphins and put one of them as a runner back. Imagine them hitting the A Gap. They never played football. I know. I, that's why I say hypothetically, I'm just, just thinking what if they had the skillset but still had the speed.


Yeah. How crazy would that be? That's the thing. Every time they test the ball, Now you look at Bob Hayes. Bob Hayes played football at Florida A&m. Right. He was a foot. You see, and you see the way he was built, he was a running back. Right. They drafted him. The Cowboys drafted him with the 88 overall with the hopes that he would give up track and field. Nah. And he is like, okay, ain't no money because remember Jesse Owens, he wasn't a hundred, the 200 the long jump and the four by one. Right. And when he came home, he had to race horses to make a living. Yeah. Yeah. Bob Hay said, that ain't finna happen to me.


I go right into the NFL. They pay 40, 50, a hundred thousand a year. Lemme go and get that money. Yeah. If they had played football early. Right. But if you, if you, I don't know how have you seen They frail, they thin. Oh yeah, I know. Yeah. They small now. They Small. No, a lot. 1 65. Yeah, but I'm, I'm just thinking, I'm just thinking. Imagine I should have said receiver then. Yeah. 'cause 1 65 at running back, ain't that ain't happening. I'm just, I'm your down. I'm trying to picture them. I'm just, Hey, I'm just trying to picture them breaking into the open and players thinking. Oh yeah. Oh, I I'm gonna catch him 'cause I got an angle. Oh no. And it don't Oh, and it don't even work. No, I don't work.


I I I've been fortunate. I was in the league when Sam Grady da. Yeah. He won the silver medal in the 84 Olympics. He's from, he went to our north side Atlanta. He move, he was moving like that. Hey, how, how, how tall was da? Probably about five eight, probably about 1 60, 1 65. Oh, he was taller than Tyreek then. Yeah, he had a little height on him. Okay. But he, they could fly James Jet. I was in the league with James Jet. Yeah. Run on his toes. James run on his toes. Man, that Joe caught a shallow cross on us. You outta there where the safety was that What you mean? Where try not to get, try not to get on this highlight tape.


That's what a safety was. Hell, I don't blame it guys. Y'all talking about Xavier Howard is 1 65. Xavier Howard played football. Wait, you mean Xavier worthy, Worthy, excuse me. Xavier worthy played football. Right. It's hard to Take a guy that's never played a sport and say, you know what? Say, well, Julius Peppers played basketball, but Julius Peppers played football. Antonio Gates had played football. Right. Jimmy and Graham had played football. Right. And you think you, you think about how fast Xavier worthy is Yeah. Based on the combine time. Yeah. He, he come in dead last with them.


Yeah, for sure. Dead last. It just, it's, it's a difference in football speed and then elite, elite track speed. That's why I would just, I would just wanna see it. I just wanna see somebody break in the open and just see it. Because it's a, it's a sight to see. When Chris Johnson, when they used to give Chris Johnson that, that pitch, that that pitch. Yeah. They gave him that talk and That second and that second level. Miss Man, you might, might, well strike up The band. Y'all remember y'all remember Ronaldo, Nehemiah, you remember Skeet Nehemiah You remember, you remember Ronaldo? Yeah. I remember. I'm old enough to remember, I'm old enough to remember he tried football because they boycotted the 80 Olympics. Right. He was the favorite to win the hurdles, but they boycotted.


Yeah. He say, you know what, I'm gonna play football. Well, he didn't have football instincts on the shallow cross ocho on the shallow cross. He must have Ran through zone. He ran through zone. Yeah. He Went right back to track and field man and No. Yeah. I mean it, it, I mean like, it's, it's it's subtle nuances. Yeah. That had, if they had a background, like, and I'm not talking about no Pop Warner, but I'm saying, let's just say they played high school at the collegiate level, I think Area Knighton. Area Knighton played football.


Yeah. And I, and he gave it up because you know, he was so good at track, which I don't blame him, but that, that's a, you're right, that's a different level of speed. You gotta say, I don't know how many people have ever been to a professional track meet to watch him or to watch a practice. Then you get an appreciation For it. Yeah. To just How fast they are. Yeah. Because you think Tyreek, every guy that's on that track is Tyreek. So let that sink in. You know how fast Tyreek is? Yeah. They got, they got 35, 40 Tyre that ran in the Olympics. Yeah. But wait faster.


Yes. Yes. Faster. Yes. Unbelievable. Tyreek, I mean what's impressive about Tyreek is a man with his musculature, Right. Be able to run that fast. If Ty Had Tyreek dropped like 30, he too heavy now 1 95. Right. He coming in dead. Right. Right. He coming in dead lasts. But, but if he was like 1 65, maybe one 70. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Bye-bye. Oh, he'd get out. Especially if he trained. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. What he, what He has is just, that's naturally, he's naturally gifted. He naturally fast. If you add the training that they go through, man, shh.


He might wanna go back in football because they, they don't run that much in football compared to what they do in track. They work out. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They work out a beach. Hey Them two fifties. I, listen, I went, I went to Kentucky. I visit Kentucky to visit my daughter and you know me when it comes to competing, I can't sit still. So I get out there and I wanna do the training. I wanna do the training with 'em. Mm. Man, I did two, I did 2, 2 50 and I thought it was over. And then they had the 400 and you had to do the 400. They had two 400. You had to do the 400 and a certain amount of time. Oh yeah, for sure. Everything is time-based and there's nothing man, you just running ocho. You ain't just running. Everything is time.


I told, I told coach man, I appreciate the opportunity man. But I'm go ahead and sit over here and watch. If you a 400 meter runner, you're probably running 600. You running a lot of sixes. Yeah. Because you wanna build up that endurance And the strength. Yeah. Yeah. You wanna build up that endurance, you wanna build up that strength and you're not getting a whole lot of rest time. You're probably, you running 600 meters, they probably got you turning around in four minutes running another one. I don't want no part of that At all. Oh man. Oh, that them track workouts. And I thought, I thought we were doing something because we, oh Joe, you know we run hundreds, we run, you know, one 10 sprint. We running like, like the running it, like the wide receivers running back. You running 14, you running 14 seconds, get 40, you run 14 seconds.


Right. You get 45 second break, Take a rest. Yeah. Oh yeah, that too. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah, I remember that. I remember that. But And, we, we would run two hundreds. We would finish in about 30 seconds. We'd take two minutes break. Right. 30 seconds. So we'd run around the track and then we walk the time that it take us to get back over there. We take off again. Yeah. We run five, we'd rest, you know, three minutes, run another five, rest three minutes, run another five. Right. Boy, I remember them days. Boy, I don't want no more parts of that. I remember we used to have, remember we had Gassers earlier, earlier in my career in the NFL.


We had those gassers sometime after practice, especially in training camp for those of you, for those that didn't come into shape, everybody had to suffer anyway so they were gonna run us into shape. Yeah. And you want to, you wanna, you know, you got the time, you get to rest. Yeah. So you want to finish your gases. Not very fast, but fast enough so you get enough time to rest. Yes. Based on the clock and how much time you had to rest. So either way, you gotta work, you gotta work and you gotta run no matter what. But oh man, I'm so glad them days over, The worst kind of tire to be is outta shape tire. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, that's why, oh you not gonna get me because I, once they find out you tired, now they gonna get, now you messing up a hamstring, you gonna mess up something else.


So I made sure I came, I'm talking about at the peak. Yeah. Of conditioning. Yeah, Because that's, that's, that's a terrible field nohow to be outta. Shit. I felt bad for some of my teammates and some of my teammates. You know, they didn't make, you know, they were overweight and they'd have to run a hundred. But a lot of 'em, I would run with 'em. Right. They're like, hey, you better ask, you better ask 84. Is he gonna run with, I like, you know what, hey, keep it from running by yourself. I'll run with you. I run with you. Yeah. That's what, you know what? That's another thing I don't like with that. It's one thing to be in shape. It's the one that, it is one thing to think you're in shape. It's one thing to think you're in football shape the way we train in all season. And then there's a football shape. When you're in a organized, structured environment being pushed and pull with.


With the pads on. With the pads on. That's why I hate when teams don't have players in training camp and they holding out for money and all this. Listen, you can't make up for that type of training by yourself. It's different. You thinking you in shape, you've done all this training in the off season. You get into training camp and on the second or third day you soar from head to toe. Yep. Because it's different. It doesn't matter how, it don't matter how much you train, how hard you train in instruction. Environment is different. When people are pulling and pushing on you and you having to, you're having to dodge folks, you can't implement that kind of training. You Can't. You get in football shaped by playing football. Football you get in basketball shaped by playing basketball.


See CD lamb, I don't like what Dallas is doing. Right. And then because here's The thing, Brandon. Brandon, hey Brent, Brandon, I, you, you know you didn't wanna pay the man in the first place. Why wait this long? Why wait this long? Exactly. Now you gotta go to another team. Whenever he does get traded, you gotta learn a new playbook. Even if you are implemented and you're gonna be the X, you're gonna be the Z, whatever it may be still now you gotta play yourself in the shape. Even if you think you are in shape, you, you not. Yeah. It all depends. Y'all dunno how y'all ran Gassers because, okay, the way we ran 'em, we run over. We did sideline and sideline. Okay. No. So this is what we did when I first got to Savannah State. Coach say I only got 55, 60 uniforms.


Right. Ocho we had like a hundred and ten, a hundred and fifteen, twenty players On the football Team. On the football team. God damn Coach say I gotta trim the fat. So we so used The gases to do it. Ocho. Oh that's not fair. That's not fair. Ocho. So over everybody get over. Okay. Yeah. Over back. Right Over back. Over what? Over back, over back. We went to eight. Eight, eight. It's only supposed to be down back twice. That's it. Over, back over, back over Bing.


That's it. Back Over back. That's one. We did that twice. Oh hell. And then we practice, Nah, Uhuh, Uhuh, ocho Uhuh right hand before God. Hell nah. Ocho by 11 o'clock at night. Man you ought to hurt all them foot lockers slamming cars cranking up. Right. They up outta there? Yeah, They outta there. Yeah. Came back the next day. We were down to 75 players from 1 15, 1 20 to 75 just That week. I could imagine. I could imagine that. That's, that's, that's more torture though before when you think about that. And then we had three hour practice in the sun in Savannah. You from Savannah. Y'all know what I'm talking about?


Yeah. That that's too much. But Me Ocho now you know your boy. I, you know I'm running on the track. I just, you know, in track season. So you know I I I've been shaped plus Ocho. I ain't but a hundred eighty, two hundred eighty three pounds Back Then. Back then my freshman year. Right. So I already know how Kobe we come in. Coach gonna get I'm prime And so you know, they try to break. You know they gonna try to break it. See back then it, it's different now. Oh Joe, I don't know if you got this but they gonna try to break you first. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I know what you talking about. We got that. So the defensive coordinator, he was in charge of the whistle. So he blow the whistle. We take off running.


You know me, we done ran, we been running about 10 minutes. Right. It's all quiet everybody. I say I bet you get tired of blowing that whistle before I get tired of running. Ooh. Now he you talking Spicy. He blow the whistle. He blow the whistle. I said, I tell you what, run me till I drop. Hey so now my teammate, he just blowing the whistle. He blowing the whistle Now. They mad at you? Yeah, he mad at me. But he don't know he hurting them because I already know if it's hurting me, it's killing them. That's the way I train. If it's hurting me, it's killing them. But I say, I tell you what all I need you to do, coach run me. Just don't let the cafeteria close 'cause I gotta eat tonight. But keep on, let, keep running. Don't you leave back.


He imagine. I tell you what, you know what happened. I swear my homeboy, you see my homeboy, he gonna be in Atlanta. The head coach, coach Davis said Joe, they done had enough. I said, see, I told you, you get tired of blowing that whistle before I get tired of running. Hey, hey. That's when, hey, that's when you know you in shape though. And you know too, That's when you know you in Shape. I was petty like I was petty like that. Damn. Oh them some good days. Oh no, they, you know what, I look back on it, I was like, damn, Why the hell Ain't no way? Ain't no way. Now you could put those kids college or anybody do that Through That. Oh no. Hell nah.


Yeah. Listen, the coaching is different. The, the coaching the way we would coach. Yeah. Listen, I'm talking about Pop Warner. Yeah. Ain't no Oklahoma. Matt. What? What you know about Oklahoma drills man? What? What you know about Oklahoma drills? Come on Now and, and bully in the ring. Y'all play bully in the ring? Yeah. You remember the bully? Yes. Oh yeah. Ocho they call And they call, listen you in the ring and they call the number. They Call you got a time i ready ocho I ready on come on with it. Yeah. Remember them days. Listen, I'll never forget, I'll never forget Bull in the ring. Liberty City Optimist. This might have been 92 or 93. What's the one where you lay on, where you lay on your back?


Oklahoma drill. Yeah. That, yeah. Man, listen, used to be nervous as hell. Hard beating fast. Oh man. It was some days. Yes. Listen, the coach back then the coaching back then, it wouldn't even work today. No. All the coaches would be fired. The cussing, the screaming. Oh yeah. I don't, I don't know if you, I I don't know how it was in Savannah, but yeah, to give people a better context, if they saw the coaching, the coaching style. Remember the documentary of the year of the bull? You ever saw that Uhuh did hear the man? Listen, it's different based on where we from. Yeah. I don't know how it is everywhere else, but out there in the city, in Liberty City where I'm from, the culture, Man, man, man, I had a team Ocho, I had a teammate.


He was laying on the ground. He tried to try to get rest because you know, hey, pretend like he was hurt. Right. And the coach reached down there and grabbed him and snatched the dude jock clap off. Yeah. You know, you know how Jock like up Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He, it, it, it to Off. Well, coach must have been strong as hell. What? Man, look here, man. We was playing. We played a game. I forget who we played. I hope Big Daddy, I big daddy ain't gonna come. I had a teammate, we call him him Minster now. Right. I call him Big Daddy, but I do call him Pastor Ford when I'm in his presence. Right. But Big ask Big Daddy about this. So we played a game and one of the receivers didn't, didn't get the plays that he thought he was getting.


Right. 'cause he was opposite of me. I was Star. I started, I was the Z. Right. They kind of rotated the other side, but I guess after the first or second quarter, he wasn't doing what he was supposed to. And, and he didn't get to play anymore. So Squirrel, I was two, he was three. He finished the game. And so we ended up losing the game. And the dude and Coach Turner had his arms folded. Just like, oh, he's standing. And Coach Davis, the head coach, coach Turner was the officer coordinator, coach Turner standing against the wall just like this area. And the dude mumbling while Coach Davis talking, man. Right. I don't know what they talking about. He ain't So he said it, but Coach Turner could hear it.


Right. I know Coach Turner. I know I, I he know Coach Turner too because he a year older than me. Right? No, he two years older than me. He was a year after my brother. I said, Ooh boy, this ain't, I'm saying to myself, you Oh, so you know how something coming? Yeah. And you like, man, please, please stop talking. Right. He wasn't talking loud, but he was talking loud enough what Coach turnt hear. And because I was standing close to Coach Turnock hear, he said it one more time. He slapped Him now. Fire from him. Yeah. Yeah. He said, man, he say go, you see he go, he just slapped me.


Coach Turner said, I'll do it again if you don't shut the F up. Yeah. That's how the coaching was back then. Boy, that's how the coaching was back then. Yes, Yes. It was all that back talking and all that stuff. Oh. Oh no man, please. Oh no. Oh no. Look, when Coach Davis came to recruit me, he, he was like, son, if I was in the NFL, if I had a number one draft pick, sir, you be my number one overall draft pick. Yeah. He say, son, how you, how, how, how, how did, how did you coach, coach you? I said, coach, I want to be coach. I said, but you can't curse me For real.


I said, my grandmother never cursed me. Right. I say, coach me hard if I'm not doing something right, say, son, I need you to do it like this, coach. I do. I said, if you curse me, it's gonna be a problem. We get a new offensive coordinator at 88 Came in there cursing Ocho. So you know up first I'm the number one receiver, so, you know, okay. We go through the route tree. Right. Speed out five yard out. Run it again. Okay. So, you know, maybe, maybe I didn't speed out. Maybe I planted and broke out. Maybe you wanna speed. Right. Right. So I right up fight that thing.


Wow. Run it again. You know me, Joe. Oh, oh. I'm, I'm football. That's my ticket outta here. Right. All I'm thinking about, hey, I ran it again. Speed. Cut it. Boom. Quarter it back through it, boom. Got it turned up. Run it again. What in the hell I said Coach, I mean, what am I doing wrong? Don't worry about it. Run the mofo route again. Oh shit. Hey. Oh Joe, I ain't, I ain't changed words like my grandma used say I ain't changed words with it. Right. I dropped him right there.


Yeah. I walk, I walk into the locker room. Right. Coach, coach David said, Hey, where you going? I said, coach, he cursed me. I told him I don't do that. Coach David said, Hey, he said Brick. I told you don't f with that one. I coach him. Yeah. Yeah. He came to the locker room. He came, I was, I was already, by the time they got done with practice, because this at the practice. I, I went, I went and got me some out to the cafeteria. Eight. I'm laying in my bed just like this. Here You chilling, you chilling. Yeah. Hold on. But I, I wanna know now you got me. I'm, I'm all invested in the story. Why the hell he made you run the goddamn speed out?


So I'm a big dog. He trying to get everybody attention. So he going, he going to coach, he going to do that through me. Oh, so he he trying to antagonize you just for no reason in front of everybody else. He trying to show that I'm in control here, so I'm gonna get on him. He didn't realize him. I you don't need to do that bro. I'm gonna do what you asking me to do. Right, right, right, right. But you Can't curse me. Yeah. I don't know Abe. Well, I don't know if you could survive that here, boy, because hey, listen, the coaching here, whether it be the co the collegiate level I'm talking about even at whether it be not that I went there. I mean I, I just, I just know high school level.


Again, if you, if you ever see the documentary of the year, the bull, you gotta tell ass to show you just a small little clip and you get understanding of what I'm talking about. When I played at Liberty City Optimist No, in the inner city. Yeah. With them, with them coaches talking about cursing. Yeah. Man, listen, matter of fact, whoa, But, but you little league Oh, Joe, you know when you in little league and you coming up in high school? Yeah. You, I mean that's, you know, you didn't know any better. Right. Right, right, Right. Didn't know. Right. Everybody got the coaches, you know, all the coaches, they coached everybody like that. But once I got to some size and I'm, you know, coach Hall, never, coach Hall don't curse. Anyway, so Coach Hall, my high school coach that told coach my mom, my mom graduated high school in 1960.


Right. He coached all my uncles. My uncle started graduating in 66, 67, 68. He was the driver's ed teacher. So he, he like knew my family. Okay. So he, but he didn't curse anyway. Right. So tell you a story other, then we go get over to the thing. My grandfather obviously had a farm. You know, my oldest uncle, he already gone, he got a family, blah, blah, blah. But the boys, hey, they gotta work the farm. Okay. Y'all, y'all, hey Mr. Barney, the boy really good. My oldest, my second oldest uncle named Barney Jr. They called him bj. Then my next oldest Uncle Thurman and then James.


So my grandfather told Coach Hall, he said, hall, I'm gonna let these boys play football now if something happened to one of them, y'all gonna come here and help me tend these fields. Hey my granny, they play now. Hey. Right. Oh no. Nah. Miss mr, no, miss Mr. Porter. Ain't nothing gonna happen to him. Yeah. I give you my word, nothing gonna happen. My somebody got hurt, Broke his ankle. Ah. Coach Hall know this. He already, my grandfather already told him. So he send the assistant coach to take James home.


Oh. He pull up there. My, my uncle get out there, hop uncle, he hopping my grandfather meet him at the door. What the hell? Yeah, Mr. Mr. Barney, that boy done broke his leg. He said. Oh, he did? Huh? Paul told you what I said, right? Oh no, Mr. Barney, he ain't telling. He said, I said if something happened to one of them boys, y'all two gonna help me. 10 D fields. Oh. And and he agreed to that. Yeah. Mr. Well Mr. Barney, I don't know anything about Phil. Well who in the hell gonna help me attend these fields?


So after that happened, he's like, Paul, you ain't getting no more of my boys. Well it wasn't but two of us, me and me and my brother. Right, right. So had my grandfather not passed, we not playing no football. Football, right. No. Hell no. That's funny. Oh, Barney party, he play that. He old. Hey, I wish you take you my hometown. Listen and people my age, listen. Yeah. You know what that sound like, what you just said. What? Then You saw the movie Fences, right? Yeah. Remember Denzels son wanted to play, wanted to play football. Yeah. And Denzel was like, no, You wanna play baseball, You don't wanna play a football, you need to go find you a trade. Yeah. Well the trade was you gonna be working in them fields.


It wasn't no trade. You gonna be working in fields, right? Fields, yeah. Ocho, that's Cole Hawker stuns the world. He out kicks Josh Kerr, the reigning world champ in the 1500 meters. 1500. The race build as a bar, a bar bra. Because Jako Reson, the Norwegian has been doing a lot of talking. He's the reigning Olympic champ. Josh Kern, he's the reigning world champ. I like what Cole Harker said the other day, he was in the race with both of them. And he says, I like where I was. It shows me I can run with these guys. So I'm not giving up on the gold medal yet. Lo and behold, Engel Brisson tried to take the pace out.


Right. That's what he likes to do. He likes to push the pace. He like to. Yep. But He did for 1200 meters. He pushed the pace Came outta nowhere then at the very, the last 10, 15 meters. That was a, that was a good kick. But See that's what ker, that's Kerr's fault. You never let anybody pass you on the inside. You slam the door. Yeah. Never. You gotta, never, that's, that's 1 0 1 running track running. You gotta Make, you gotta make him go around. You make it that much more difficult. Make him go around you. Yes. He blocked. You know, He, you know, he, he, he probably, he probably thought he could look up at the screen. Right. You think there's a screen in front of him? Yeah.


He probably didn't even know anybody was on his inside. Well Here's the thing, he probably wouldn't reon blocked him the first time. He thought he was going to give up and probably go wide because normally what they do Right. You block me on the inside, I'll slingshot and I'll come wide. Right. And it make it that much more difficult too. Parker says, nah, you gonna relax and think that's what I'm gonna do, but I'm gonna come up on your inside again. Mm. Got by. He have no juice. So now it's between he Joshua and the goose. Yep. I mean, but Ocho, if a guy, all I can do is give you my best. I mean, think about the time he ran an Olympic record. He beat his best by three seconds.


Seconds. Yeah. What am I to do Ocho, if I give you my best, if my best, if your best ocho, you get your best route and a dude, hey, whether it's a shake, whether it's an out, whether it's the end, whatever the case may be, Ocho if the dude cover your best route, what you want me to do? Yeah, yeah. They get paid, they get paid two. Yes. That man ran three, he ran an Olympic record. I mean, that's the second fastest. That's the second fastest American time ever. Bernard Legatt got the fastest time, but only by fractions of a second. Right. The Boy were moving back, but it did cold Harker was unbelievable.


Ya in the goose the first time since 1912 in Stockholm, we've had two men. The podium in the of 1500 meters. Obviously that race is normally dominated by the Kenyans, Ingle, Brison one in Tokyo. But normally the, the, the, the, the, the East African nations normally do a great job of, of, of the way they train the Kenyans or the, the Ethiopians or some of those normally win that race. But for Cole Harker to do that on a big stage. Yeah. Say he our personal best by three seconds, Seconds. I mean listen, the field, the field, the field especially in a final will push you to do something extraordinary.


Yes. They will push you to do some extraordinary every time You got to that. But see, think about it. That's what it was gonna take for him to, to medal. That's what I mean. Even if he, if he runs his best. Now think about it. If he runs 3 29, which is a second beter, he ain't get no medal. He ain't gonna make the podium. Right. That's crazy. If he runs 3 28, he's gonna get the bronze. Yeah. He has to run a three second personal best in order to get the gold. Yeah. And on that day, see Ocho remember that, that one day now. Yeah. He had never beat Ingle Brion never beaten Josh Kerr.


But for one race, I just need to be better than you right now. Yeah. Not tomorrow. Not next, next week. Not next. Not an a Diamond League meet to finish out the season. Right. He world champ he'll, he'll Olympic champ. Yeah. That's crazy how that works. Yes. But again, even though still the USA basketball team has four quarters. Yeah. It ain't, it ain't happening. Valerie Allman won her second consecutive Olympic discus goal, becoming the first US woman in the history to accomplish back to back goals. She won by almost two meters. 69.50 meters or 221.184 feet.


The best of the field by nearly two meters. She's unbelievable. Tremendous technique. She was a former dancer. She's good. So obviously her feet are very good. The rotation, she gets great spin, she gets great elevation on, on the disc. She's sensation, she's sensational, she's good. And she looked, she to wedding up there like, it's just like so grace, so beautiful and the distance I was to so effortlessly flies out of her head. I was able to watch that. Matter of fact, when I saw it, when she, when she threw the last one before winning gold, when she threw it, it was veering off to the left. I was like, well god damn it looked like it's, it's, it's, it's going off off the field. But I forgot, you know the feel, it it widens out. It widens out.


So regardless of which way it goes. Yeah, it's, it'll, it'll still be in. But it Was, and I think the man's discus, I think the guy from Lithuania, Lena, his dad was the former world record holder, won the gold medal. Right. His dad won in 2004. He's the world record holder and I think he just set the Olympic record. And this year the Olympic A discus In the disc or shop. Yeah. Oh, okay. Sir Ryan Krausen won the, the shot Alekna in he from Lithuania. Where'd he from? Greece. That was crowd the second goal, wasn't it Second. Second or third. Third, yeah, third. Yeah, He won.


I watched the Shot Tokyo and not Paris. I should, I should, I should have been a shot Puter. Man. Man, you ain't throwing that 16 pound ball. Oh it 16 pounds. Yeah. Yeah. I, I got, I throw that by, by 75. 75 80 yards. Yards. A feet, No yards with the right technique. No, you ain't got that kind of technique. Man. If I could, I, if I could spin when I was spin. Yeah man, that's the spin. There are very few. There are some, there are some sharp porters that still glide. No, you gotta glide technique. I see where you already standing. You gotta glide. You glide. Oh, oh, oh No. I'm finna spin with it. Dude, you gotta turn your back to the camera. Nah, I got a different type of technique.


They gimme twerk so I get some more twerk. Yes. No, you Hey Ocho, Ocho you gotta put, okay, you got your hair here. You gotta Yes. Here, you gotta put this hand up to turnaround. Yes. Yeah. See that's exactly what's gonna happen. See, there you go. Alright, because I, I ain't, I ain't got no, I got my Socks on dude. I know. Don't worry about it. Hey, I got, hey, you see, you see the technique in the, in in the form though? Yeah. See that's the glide. But if you watch Ryan, he, so he saw, he gets so such great elevation on the, on the shot.


Right When he took, when he tuck that six chalked up when he put that 16 pound metal ball up under here. Yeah. That's a lot of torque. That's a 300 pound man. That's six foot five, six foot six. Maybe even six seven. So just imagine in that little circle, he has to put that ball up under the rotate and he normally tries to end it on his first throw. Yeah. Once he gets that first throw in, now he can relax and now Relax because nobody Else, he's going for world records. Now he's trying to put a 60, a 76, 77 foot throw out there. I don't know how much farther he can take it. 'cause I didn't think anybody was gonna break Randy Barnes record at 75 10 that he sat in 88 and I think it was in Sacramento.


I remember he broke Oman's record the, the great German. I didn't think anybody was gonna get 75, 10. 'cause really nobody had been close. Right. And then you see Crowder starts knocking on the door. He like, could he, could he And he Did. Yeah. And he obliterated the record. I ain't done nothing. Now he ain't just break it. Yeah. He shattered the record. The United States women's national team punched their ticket to the gold medal ground forward. Sophie Smith scored in the first, first half of the extra time to lift the United States women team to a one nothing victory. Remember if I'm not mistaken, I think they beat the German team four one in the first round nine days ago. Yeah.


To play the Olympic gold medal game for the first time since 2012. It will play Brazil, which upset Spain in the reigning Women's World Cup champions with a dominant four two win. Is March still playing? Yep, she playing. She she playing. She still, she still, she still there. She got suspend but she, I think she, she, she, well No, she playing that game game. So, and she was suspended against us too? Or was she suspend suspended the game before and Spain, she was su I think she come back our game.


Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. She's back against us Ocho congratulations. Women back for the first time since 2012. That's a long time. And we normally dominate Yeah. Dominate That soccer. But you know, a lot, a lot of our, our best players, Megan Rapino, Julie Foudy, all those, what's the, Megan, what's the other one? University of Florida soccer player, the one that just retired. Alex, Alex, Alex Morgan. Alex. Yeah. The tight ends wife. She retired. Ertz Jackie Ertz. Julie. Yeah. A lot of them, you know.


Yeah, a lot of them. Ocho you know, some, you know, having families now some of them, you know, you know Megan Rapino retired. Julie Foudy has been gone, but I forget the other one. She went to the University of Florida. And so now this new Youngblood, a new crop knows what it's today the expectations. Yeah. You the, you or the women. This is not the men where there's not a whole lot of expectation And. we, they're not expecting the men to be to Argentina or Spain, Portugal or France or anything. They're not expecting that. But the women, if you come back with anything left than gold that we, we disappointed. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. We disappointed. Most definitely Be a ham.


And all them girls done got us spoil. Brianna. Yeah. They, we, we spoiled. Now Ocho The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Mayers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar may fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab Cat Dua Lippa g Stefani Halsey Hozier Sheath. Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows Thomas Red Victoria Monet in more buy tickets now with a xs.com.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Wo Manica, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story? The rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter fighting for aboriginal rights. Listen, Toman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell. Here I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, CRA in self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.