
These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool Beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial, results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are With all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Oh, Joe, the Bengals franchise tag t Higgins for the second consecutive year. The Bengals do not want to allow s to hit the fridge or market and will not turn their attention to negotiating a long-term deal. Cincinnati has until July 15th to reach a new multi-year deal with Higgins or he'll make a fully guaranteed 26.2 million since the second time he will get tagged. He'll make 120% of his 2024 salary bringing him up to 26.2. Right. Is this a deal going to get done or are they making sure they get something back on an eventual trade, do you believe? No. Do you believe they're gonna sign t to a long-term deal or they're gonna try to sign him and then trade him and get compensation?


You know, I'm, I'm not sure. I'm not sure even, even at this point in understanding the value that, that that t will get or what his value is right now on the, on the open market. I think the Bengals understand that. I think t understands that as well. Now also on the, on the, on the, on the on bright side of things. As as a Bengal fan myself, true diehard Bengal fan, I would love to see them keep, You know, keep the trio together. I would love to see them keep the band together. Yeah, the salary cap went up, huh? I think it's like 2 79, Right? It's, it's 2 79. But when I think about it, listen, Jamar Chase getting ready to be the highest paid and reset the quarterback market as far as contractually, so I understand that then I'm not sure what they're gonna do with Joe Burrow. Is he gonna restructure in some sort of way to, to make wiggle room not only for just t Higgins, but for Trey Hendrickson, for other, for other needs that Need.


Henderson gonna want 30. He see the, oh, Joe, he see the market got, he got 17 and a half sacks for the last two seasons. Yeah. You ain't gotta tell me. I know, I know. So, boom, what's going, what's going to happen? What's more important? Where are the needs that need to be met for us as a team? I know fans wanna say bring T back. I, I I love T but I also understand what T can get. I understand its value. Yeah. On the open market. Now, obviously a franchise tag, you did it one, you did it to me one year. Now when you do it to me one year, basically you telling me, listen, we don't really see the value in you and gimme your contract long term. So what we gonna do is, is we Gonna tag that means they're betting against you.


Yeah. They betting against you to me, please. Because if you thought, if you thought I what? I, if you, if you think of me, what I think of me, you gimme the deal Mean it wouldn't have been no questions asked on the deal would've got done last year and now double back. Come this year again. T Higgins great year, big game stepped up. Yeah. He only played 12. I think he only played 12 games though, Joe. But he still had 10 touchdowns. Yeah. He averaged like 75, like 75 yards a game receiving. So if you extrapolate that over the, the full 17 games, we know what type of season he would've had, even with Chase. Right. Doing what he did. And that's the problem that you run into when you keep pushing the cans down the road.


Okay? You pushed, you kicked Jamar Chase can down the road, he gets the triple crown. You see what Happened, Okay? You wouldn't do anything with Hendrickson. Now he led the league in Sacks back to back season, which he's had 17 and a half. Okay? You franchise tag t Higgins. Now he follows that up and he is like, y'all gotta pay me because I see Jalen Waddle with years left on his contract, got 28. Y'all mean to tell me I'm at the end of my contract and y'all think franchising me at 26 is good? No, I need guaranteed money. I need like 75 million fully guaranteed the first year Right Now we can talk Now I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm curious nor normally, most of the time teams use the franchise tag to their advantage.


Not only to the lock a player up, but when you do it for a second year, I'm trying to buy myself some Time. I'm betting against you. I'm betting that you won't have another year like that because what good is it with Joe if he has another year like that, maybe you win a Super Bowl that say, well we got a Super Bowl out that we can let him go, right? That's, that's because at some point in time, if you are drafting the type of player that you believe you are, you're gonna, you're not gonna be able to keep 'em all good, Joe. Right? It's just, it is just, it's impractical. You're not gonna be able to keep Chase at 40. You're not gonna keep Joe at 55. You're not gonna be Hendrickson. He wants 30 T Higgins want 30. Excuse me, military. No, you're good. You're good At that, at that number.


Now they got a little bit more cap space. They waived Alice Kappa the guard. I guess he had a bad year. I mean, looking at it, he gave it the most sags, most pressures, most hurries. So it was, it was, it was pretty bad, right? Jamar Chase posted this cryptic treat of Joe Burrow on Instagram. What at t Higgins, if you could see it on your screen, he like, Hmm. Again, Listen, even listen, even the players as as fa as fans, fans and and Bengal fans, they always come to, they, they don't, they don't understand the, the difference in how the players feel from the business side of things, as opposed to how the fans feel. The fans think, oh, it's so easy the cap is going up, they're gonna sign everybody.


Listen, if you look at the reactions, you look at the reactions from t you look at the reactions from Jamar Chase, it tells you that things aren't as sweet as you think on the outside looking in regardless to how the cap numbers have gone up. Because you have to think the Bengals have a franchise to run this, ain't they? They're not thinking about now they're thinking about the foresee of your future, You know, when it comes to Their books. Well guarantee I want long, long term guaranteed money. Yeah, well listen, they, they got, they got to July to get it done. They got to July to get it done. Now me, as much as I want t to stay, I love TI love my Bengals. I love the organization. Matter of fact, I love the fans that argue with me back and forth.


Zenday, I know you probably gonna see this. I love you too. And, and, and, and everybody else, but I just don't see it happening based on what t is deserving of and what Chase is going to be. Chase Going north of 40. It's It, oh, he is, he's resetting the market. Huh? He going north of 40. He's resetting the market for the simple fact you made, you made me wait. You Team said, I'll tell you what y'all like that 26.2 gimme that in guarantee money gimme 80 million fully guaranteed. And then y'all can put it however you want to. But I need to make, I need to make, I need to make 80 million. I need to make 80 million in the first year though, Joe.


Yeah, we good. I we can, I need to make 80 million. Hey, gimme an 80 gimme $80 million signing bonus. And then I'll play the first year I play for like 1.2, then I'll play for 5 million and the next year I play for 10. Yeah. Since, since y'all say 26 million. Everybody talking, okay. Just go ahead and gimme that. Yeah. And give, gimme a nice lump sum and sign Two Now gimme, gimme 70, gimme 70 million cyber bonus, Gimme some cyber security. Now I need my little, I need my nest egg in case something happens just in case, because I ain't, I ain't going the Lord's 11. Well, hey, if I, if I chase chase it, y'all maybe take this $10 million insurance policy.


I'm gonna factor that in when y'all negotiate. So y'all gonna gimme that back on top. If I have to take out another at some point in time. Hey listen, yeah, the game is the game, huh? This is the, the football, and this is why I wouldn't want, why I wouldn't want to be an owner. I wouldn't want to be a GI wouldn't wanna be in a position of Katie Blackburn, Mike Brown, Troy Blackburn in a situation like this with a team, this great with players, this great. And it's time to, to take, I, I just, you have To be ahead of the curve. I wouldn't do you believe t Higg? Lemme ask you a question. Do you believe Chase in the next three to five years will not be a top three receiver?


If you don't, if you believe he'll be a top three receiver, you signed him last year because you're paying him based on what you believe he's going to do moving forward. Now what he's done in the past, because I've already paid you for that. So if I give you 35, 30 $6 million, that's because I believe you're gonna be a top three receiver. And in two years this money will be obsolete. Now I got you for another two years, Ocho at 36 million when the gold race from probably be 42, 40 3 million. See that's what you have to do. So you have like, a lot of times Ocho, you have to buy something like, man, look here. What people look, what if you were doing investments, people buy gold, people buy commodities based on belief, they're going to go higher.


So at this price, although it seems steep, I buy for a little when it moves up, now I got it right? And that's how you have to look at these players. Michael Park, do you, okay, you saw Michael with defensive rookie of the year and he's been in the nv, the defensive player of the year discussion, why we went to this man, get all the way to the end of his contract before we think about doing a good a long-term deal. All you did was let the price keep going up, Up higher. Yesterday's price is not today's price. It def it is definitely not. It's definitely not. And I, listen, I want, I want to get, I I I want 'em to, to to work things out.


But I also understand how did the side of things work? Every, everybody yelling about the cap, the cap going up, the cap being hot. Have the Bengals ever been all the way up to the cap? So I let, let, let, let's start there. They let know we, we screaming. Oh, the cap is going. It is this, it's that. I mean listen, this is still a business that has to be run. This ain't, this ain't Madden. This is, You see what Howard Roseman does? You see what he did with you? See what he did with Devonte? You see what he did when you aj you see what he did? What hurts? Got him early, Got him early. What he did is that he's like, okay, Sequan, we'll give you this. If you get these incentives, not only will you get 'em for this year, it'll automatically go onto your contract next year.


So that 1.5, 1.7 50. So now Saquon's gonna make almost $14 million. Here's those numbers next year, guess what? That third year of the contract, now there's a chance he goes out and has another year. I'm not saying he's gonna go for 2000 but has another good year. How we might say, You know what to keep that cap number down, let's go ahead and get, add a couple more years to it. Give you Nice signing bonus. That's, that's how you to do it. You have to have some forward thinking. Yeah, because if you wait till like, I don't know, I don't know. By the time you realize the guy's good, it's gonna be cost prohibitive for you to sign your players.


Well listen, the the guys we talk about, there's nothing to realize, You know what they do? 'cause the, the film, the film don't lie. They did it in college. They got to the NFL and they kept on doing it. They ain't missed a beat. I'm talking about Chase. I'm not sure why you didn't pay 'em last year. There was nothing wrong with t understanding what you got, You know, for the foresee of future. We talk about two top one, one top three player. And we have another one that arguably could be in the top 10. You know, as what I like to call A one B, I don't, I don't see T as no two. That's just me. 'cause anywhere else on any other team Ts would be Number one. But anyway, that neither here nor there. I hope they get to, I hope they get Get job. The Eagles are going to release six time Pro Bowl corner.


Dare you slay. After five seasons with the teams, the Eagles initially acquired Slay via trade with Detroit in the 2020 immediately signing the quarterback to a three year extension slate 34 is coming up. One of his best seasons of his career, he allowed a 42% completion rate, allowed 5.4 yards per target, had 15 pass breakups are all his best marks. Since joining the Eagles in 2024, the Eagles allowed a league low 174 yards passing per game the lowest by franchise. Since the 2000. Since 2000. Who was that? Tennessee? At least 2000. Since at least 2000. I think Tennessee, I think they beat the Ravens that year.


'cause we a, we allowed the, the Ravens allowed 60, like 60 something yards Russian. But I think they averaged like gave up 260 Yard Tennessee actually statistically had a better By the franchise? Huh? By the franchise. Oh, the, oh, you're talking about that was the, what you call them? The Phil Eagles franchise? Oh, I thought he was talking about the lowest since 2000 by any franchise. Okay, because I know Tennessee passed defense in 2000. They were, they only gave up 242 yards a game. Can you see what Tennessee gave up that year?


So Ocho but he always said that if he didn't finish his career in de in Philly, he would love to go back to Detroit. Detroit was his original team. Obviously he had some issues with Matt, Patricia who's now the defensive coordinator at Ohio State. Hey, he goes to Philly, has a great, You know, go to two. He went to a bunch of Pro Bowls, they went to two Super Bowls, they won this past one. So could you see him going back to Detroit? I, I think so. I think so. Why not? Especially with what happened from an injury standpoint to the Detroit Lions to on the back half of the season.


I I like it. I like it. And I'm also trying to think about unc, why not run it back with as well as he played last year with the Eagles. But I can't even talk about Jeffrey Lu and Harry Robinson and when it comes to their decision making, Keon Mitchell, obviously they're now passing a torch. The Keys? No, he's on one side. They're passing the, the keys to Cooper Deja At co see. Oh, Rookie. Ooh, He ready, he's ready to be a starter. Now Listen, listen. Do I honestly, he played well, right? He played very well, but he played well based on everything else going on around him.


Is he actually ready after his rookie season, despite them winning the Super Bowl? To be in that, in that spot like that where you gotta see the Number one receiver at times you, you have to see maybe the number two receiver. Is he ready For that? You can't keep everybody Ocho I mean, what gonna do with Bron? You gonna pay him? He gonna want a King's ransom. Okay? Yeah. Sweat Nice coming, coming from. What About you got 2D linemen that could potentially leave? You got Jalen Carter coming up now? Hey, he gonna want a King's ransom. Hey? And, and well deserved Gonna be coming down the pipeline on Joe. He gonna want a King's ransom.


Mm mm Hey, No, I, I understand. You know they, the Chad's saying they gonna keep the genre at a nickel. Yeah, they gonna put him at corner and then, and guess what? They gonna start him at corner and then when they go three six, he gonna bump inside the nickel Bump. But then who, who gonna, who gonna be the other? Who gonna be the other corner? Hey listen, playing on the outside and playing the nickel. But that's a different ball game baby. That's they Game. They drafted that man, the ball corner game. They found out that he's really good at the nickel.


And so guess what? They put him inside, they'll put him inside the situation and they'll bring somebody else out. It'd be the same thing. You remember how, right? What's the guy's name? Ocho. He ended up going to Tennessee. He ended up going to Tennessee from the Kansas City. The db. Oh, Lader? Yep. Nee Nee. What did they do? They drafted a corner. SNE was really good. Yeah, they, they put him, they put him inside. What did they do after the season? They ended up signing, trading him. And now you got Watson and you got McDuffy. See y'all just look at, see fans.


Y'all gotta stop looking. That's not how teams look at it. They draft a guy at corner. Okay? Damn. And they got a slaves getting a little older I 34 years of age. That's a little old for a corner. But he played extremely well. Now maybe, maybe it's a situation that, You know, they come back. I'm, I would go test the market now if I couldn't find something suitable. If I go, if I gotta play for 3 million, I'll play for 3 million in Philly. I ain't gonna play for 3 million 'cause I know we gonna win. But at least let me go kick the tires somewhere else. 'cause somebody else might have some money. Fbe ocho. Hey, that's, that's, that's t that's t unc.


Do you understand? And I mean, no disrespect to my fans in Cincinnati. I love you. Every last one of you. Do you understand what t's gonna make if he get on the open market? Oh, come on man. He deserving of that. He worked too hard. You hear me? Think about the sacrifices you just told me about that you went through to even touch the field. What you think he, he got a story all, he got a story on how we want that sense of security. Allow him to see it because you didn't, you didn't believe in him yet before You know what I want you to prove to, we gonna tag you. We gonna tag you because we don't value giving you a long term contract. We don't because if you did value me and you thought of what you think of, of how I think about myself as a player and as a receiver, there would've been no issue paying me.


Now you tag me again two years in a row. What does that tell me? But see, Ocho, that's the players association. You agreed to that. Well, listen, you have to understand when it comes to the franchise tag, you got 2100 something players. Let stay with me real quick. Now Chad, y'all stay with me real quick. You got 2100, 20, maybe 2200 players. When it comes to the franchise tag, we talk about it only happens maybe to six to eight players. Six to eight, no more, no more than eight. No, no, no more than eight. Now actually going in to fight for something, for such a small percentage of players that it's required, that's where, where it's used. You know, year in, year in, year out. Do you really wanna fight for something like that? 'cause sometimes it's that advantage for the players and for the team as well.


Sometime buying you a little bit more time so we can get a deal done. Now in this case, when it comes to TI don't like the way they're taking advantage of him because if you don't want, if you want to pay, but see you done it the first time. Listen, don't, don't do it to me again. Don't Quiet. But that's, but see that's where you have to be unselfish because a lot of times for the very reason, I remember when they first started talking about lifetime benefits, there were a lot of prominent guys. And I'm not gonna call their name, give me a million dollars and I'll buy my own health insurance. How'd that work out for em? The same thing you just said. There are so few guys that say, man, I'm never gonna get the franchise tag until they get the franchise tag. Right?


Right. And now look at you. Okay, at some point in time, Ocho, Kurt Flood, he never benefited from free agency. He lost, he basically lost his career. So everybody else got free agency, Spencer Haywood. Mm. Right. Sometimes you have to sacrifice. There are a lot of people that sacrifice for the greater good, even though they weren't there to reap the reap the benefits of Dr. King, a Malcolm X, so many other freedom fighters, a lot of people sacrifice that didn't get the benefit of the sacrifice.


That's what sacrifice means. I like that. I like the way you put that. I like You put that. So now, okay, I tell you what y'all want two franchise tags. We want Lifetime Health benefits. Yeah. Or you get one franchise tag, but you can't franchise me again. I got, I I I need, You know, I already gave you a bigger concession. Now you get a bigger piece of the power owners. I got to claw something back. Right? Right. Lifetime Health Benefits. Oh, we gotta do away with the franchise tag.


Yes. One or the other. And or even if we don't get lifetime, I need at least 10, 15 years. What is ocho? If the average NFL career is three is three years. So you the average NFL player coming in at 2223, so that means right. A vested player with three years, he's done at 25, 26 ocho, he give five years of health benefits at 31, he's done. He gonna, yeah. Hopefully if li the average life expectancy, if someone is like 75 years, so he got another 40 plus years. Ooh. But the guys don't think like that Joe, that money coming in so good and you like, hey, I'm gonna be able, but when you don't have money coming in and you have it going out and you get, if you get a serious injury, you get a a, a, a, a, a, a, a form of cancer, you get a treatment, it'll wipe your savings out just like that.


Wake you up just like that Real quick too. And with the, the price, the, the surgeries and the price of the medicine, some medicine cost you 10, 15, 20,000 a month. Especially now. Especially now. Hey. Oh my gosh. Just of that, huh? Did you have how much you say Me month? Some of like 10, 15, 20,000 a month. Some of them cancer drugs. Jesus. My goodness. I mean, look at, I mean insulin. Look at insulin. What's the insulin cost you? And people need two, three injections a day.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


These days it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions journeying to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their start to homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, hand restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Wasn't That delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got it. I got it. I I got it. Seriously, seriously. Iist. I insisted first at first. Don't. Silly, silly. Don't be silly you don don't be silly. Don't be silly people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, Rock paper scissors for it. Rock paper scissors. Shoot. No, The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit Wells Fargo dot com slash active cash terms apply.


Travis Hunter says him playing both sides of the football is more difficult than sh hail Tani hitting and pitching in baseball. Let's take a listen to what Trav had to say over it's more Difficult, Probably me, what I do in football because it's a a lot on your body. You know Tony, he's a great player, but you gotta do a lot of in football Ain't even close. Hey listen completely different sides of the spectrum. Boy. Hey Trav, I know you gonna see this, but until you can get in that cage, you hear me? Just the batting cage. I don't even want no real pitch. Just the machine. Tell him to turn it up to 90 to 95 miles per hour. Let me see you hit it.


Just a fast ball. I ain't talking about no slider. I ain't talking about no curve. I ain't talking about no sinker. I ain't talking about no change up. Ain't talking about no clap. Fast ball. Just straight. Most, the most difficult thing to do in this world is hit a baseball coming at you. Just a fastball. That's it. Just a fastball. As difficult as the game of football is and I love you, you're an exceptional talent. Yes, but it's not even comparable. But If you think about it, we can only, We only even Terrible OCHO Man, We could only track two players in major league history. Deion both to actually no to play baseball pitch and hit.


Oh, We're talking about Babe Ruth and we talking about show Hail Tani. Yes Sir. Troy Bright. We saw Troy, we saw Troy Brown do that with the Patriots. Oh yeah. Play offense. Defense. A D Yeah. Played Soccer. Yes. Brian Jordan did it time did it. Yeah. Do you see the level show Hail Tony is the best player in baseball That's different. He could be a Number one starter on for your pitching staff and A Slugger. He the best ba he the best hitting baseball. Yeah, he can hit for average hit for power. Yeah, he can run run the base Trav. I love you bro. But the hardest thing to do and I've talked to a lot of guys that did Bo I I talked to both.


Yeah. Bo say the hardest thing to do here to baseball. I talked the time. Now if we talking about two of the greatest athletes who have ever played you name a sport Bo and time are the two are two of the top five. Okay. If you want Jim Thorpe or whomever else you wanna put into this equation. But I tell you this, Bo Jackson and and Time are two are the top five athletes that we've ever seen. Yeah. And both of those guys told me to say hitting the baseball is the hardest thing to do. Very difficult. Very difficult. Very, very. And To, and to do it at that level now we gonna have to, we gonna see you Trav come in now Ocho. Yeah. We've seen she o at the highest level do it and be an all star and be an MVP.


Now Trav, you gonna have to get one of 'em all stars. You gonna have to get to the Pro Bowl now. Yeah. Hey Listen to match this, There's the chance he could do it. They could chance he could do it is rookie l especially For sure the last, listen, the last rookie, the last As a DB or a wide receiver. He last wide receiver I came, I heard come out with this kind of confidence and say some of the things he's saying and live up to everything he's saying with Jamar Chase. You know, it wasn't out outlandish or something like this, but I'm just saying the confidence, the confidence that Travis Hunter has when hell Jamar Chase said, I'm coming into the league and I got drafted by the Bengals and I'm coming there and I'm breaking every record, every record.


E ain't Lying. And he ain't lying. He still on business about everything he said and meant it. And Travis Hunter has that same type of cache and same type of confidence. That's why I believe there's a chance he can do it. He can do it. Because now, now I'm not saying, I'm not saying he can't, I'm not saying that he can, he can't, he can't do both. He's not gonna do the, he's not gonna put the number of plays in that he did in college. That's difficult. That's difficult. And he, he'd have to have the condition of a, of a a 15,000. I'm trying to think what's the, what's the longest, longest distance race at the Olympics and the, the kind of They're A marathon. Yeah. The kinda win and long capacity you need to do something like that at, at that stream extreme level.


It that's it's too much. Yeah. I'm just thinking about exerting that kind of energy messing around with, with with with with, with Ike Taylor and, and and re and just and then being tired. I'm thinking about a 1213 play drive. Yeah. And now we, we kick a field goal. Now we come back. Now I'm on defense man. Man stop Is different. And he's gonna find out there are guys that are closer to his skillset than he previously thought. That's the thing about the NFL ocho. You find guys that, hold on man. I used to be able to do this.


I get but wait a minute. Damn. Why you still here? Yep. At, at that point, the only only thing that separates you is your technique. Yeah. Only thing separate you. It's Gonna be, it's gonna be interesting to see because You know, even no matter who you think is not a, a really good receiver, Right. They were probably better than the receiver that he went against. That's the thing about that people don't realize like how good the guy you say that's a bum. Oh you don't think he's good. People don't realize how good they actually are, Joe. Alright. Yeah, Yeah.


Look who they playing against. They play against guys that make 'em look like that. Right. It's just like those guys that you see, ah, that guy on the bench, you don't never get in the game. Okay? Go down to the Y and play 1 0 1 and watch what he do to you. Go to Lifetime and watch what he do to you. Put you in a blender, put you in a, put you in a blender. People don't realize pros like guys that that they get paid to do this man, please, You underestimate the jokers, man. You don't, you can't do that just because, because the the level, I mean you look at a LeBron and a guy might be the 13th or 14th guy you like, but that guy.


Yeah. And this is what I was telling somebody. The guy that you think is the 13th or the 14th guy on the bench, that guy is closer to LeBron than you are to the 13th or the 14th guy on the bench. Think about that. What I just said. Ocho, the 13th or 14th guy on the bench is closer to LeBron than what the guy said that home talking is is to the 1314 guy on the bench. I got. I yeah, I I got you. I got you. Simply because the guy, the fact that he's on the bench, I mean we, we we'll leave it at that. He's actually on You think Oh because he on the bench. Okay. Okay. And just that lets You know, but I make you to see, look, I said this, I thought DB because I think he's more sound as a DB than he is as a wide receiver.


I think, I think he, he out athletic his athleticism. It gets him by a lot of stuff. Now, not to say that he can't fine, fine tune and get some nuances of the receiver, but I think right now you can just drop him in right now OCHO at DB and he understands having been coached by time, I think he has a great, his timing, his ball skills are really, really good. And for him to be like long-legged Yeah, he can transition really well. He can get in, in and outta brakes really well. Yep. He tracks the ball exceptional. Great hands, You know, he got great hands on you because he's a wide receiver so You know, he got great hands and for him it's just not good enough for him to knock the ball down.


He's trying to take the ball away And take it and go the other way with it. At that, go to the other way. Chance. The big news of the weekend, ocho, the 49 ERs have dealt Deebo Samuels to the commanders in exchange for a fifth round pick as a part of the trade. Washington has taken on the remainder of Samuel's contract paying his full 17.55 million salary in 2025 due to, due to commanders not have the most dangerous offensive core they have Jayden Danes at quarterback, who was offensive rookie the year Brian Robinson Jr. Running back Terry, Gary, Terry McCluen, they have Deebo Samuels and Zach ert. They also have a, a dynamic.


Naomi Brown, brown, Naomi Brown. Yeah, I listen, they, they've, they've improved. They've improved tremendously. I mean, hell, they they win NFC championship, huh? Yeah. They win the NFC championship last year and then you bring a dynamic playmaker like Deebo Samuel over to your offense again. And what does it do for your quarterback? It takes pressure off your quarterback. Again, even more pressure. I don't have to do more. What do you mean? We got Debo Samuels? You know how many things he can do? He's a little Swiss Army knife. He can play in a psych, he can go outside. You can put him in motion, you can put him in the backfield. You can do so much with him. You know, so it, it, it, as long as the creativity is there. I'm not sure who the offensive coordinator is, but the Cliff Kingsburg.


Oh, it's Cliff. Oh man. Oh man. They straight, they they, they straight. Listen, K cl Berry ain't no different than McVay. McVay CL Berry ain't no different than Andy Reed. I'm just saying from a creative standpoint and knowing what to do and using your players to their strengths. So they they gonna be fine. Oh, they definitely gonna be fine. I mean, but what the 49 ERs gonna do now they talking about letting trading Brandon naive too. 17.5, 17 million. So they traded a fifth round for him and the Cowboys traded a fourth round of Flamingo.


Mm. You not bring Up. Oh my bad. What'd you thinking? Ocho Jerry Jones? No, they do not have ocho Do the commanders have the most dangers? No. Did danger? No, no, no, no, no, no, No, no. Did Sequi retire? No, They still got aj. They or they still got Devonte and they still got Godder. No. Yeah, they don't have the most danger, but hey they, they improved tremendously. I'll tell you that For sure.


They improved tremendously a lot. Now that Are we sure? Are they, are they better than Detroit? Ooh, that's a good one. With Almond Roth. Wait, hold On. With Jameson Williams, Ross St. Brown and I don't Know. And Gibbs in Montgomery. Yeah, in Montgomery. Are we sure? No, no, No, no. Hey, that's crazy. You throw Minnesota in there. Addison, Jetta Jones, Hawkinson, Minnesota. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Green Bay, Wix Reed Dobbs Watson.


Oh, check this out. Jacobs Deebo. Samuel Terry McCluen, marshal Latimore has a $61 million cap hit. Jaylen Hurtz, AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, Saquon Barkley, Dallas Garter has a $66 million cap hit. How we teed off Howie works some magic. Hey listen, You know who need to work some magic. Who? America's team. They ain got nothing to work. And about the, they say the reports are they about to franchise a Diggy zoa.


So that's gonna be 25 million hard cap. You can't spread it. Dak is about to be what, 90 million against the cap cd. He probably Research. You haven't even signed, you haven't even signed Micah. Right. I think. But to give them a little breathing room, You know, You know, they'll, they'll restructure deck. They give 'em a, a lump sum on the front end and the signing a bonus, the freedom, freedom up, You know, some of that cap and that's, they, that's their fault. They they want to wait till the last minute to do that. They do, They did that. That's what they always do. That's why you wait till the last minute. Now you got a franchise with Dig Ua. Now if you don't sign him, guess what?


He gone. Yeah, But you mess your cap up. You gotta you gotta have some foresight in order to see like, You know what this guy's a player for. I know a go to him, sign him a little early and then a year from now you're like, damn, they got him for that. Yeah. O Joe Will Howard has had an off combine. He's one of the quarterbacks that opted to throw the NFL scouting combine over the weekend. And his performance brought mixed reviews and was deemed inconsistent. He missed multiple passes, including a couple of deep balls down the field. Shado came to his defense.


I don't understand why y'all hating on at Will Howard. He just wasn't a nanny. It is hard to throw to receiver that you don't know. Everyone run, everyone runs routes differently. And y'all want QBs to come to the Columbine and throw, I mean, listen, we talk about quarterbacks that just coming off seasons, we could turn on the film. What are you judging in? Someone in shirts, in shorts. It does nothing. Everybody looks great. All American in shirts and shorts. What do you do once you put the helmet and shoulder pads on and your cleats? How perform then how did Wil Howard perform then?


Wasn't he doing Jeremiah Smith? Yep. Come on man. What are we talk, what are we talking about? Oh, I wanna make sure you look good. I wanna make sure you pass the eye test in your shorts and you hit every receiver that you never thrown to before and complete every pass. Get outta here, please. Yeah, It's tough. I mean, sometimes you get nerves. Sometimes I, man, I ain't used to run, man. First of all, I used to have my ankles taped. I ain't have no ankles tape. Bad, bad o your ankle. I mean, I had never been on turf before in my life. Right. Like, it is what it is.


Somebody gonna gimme a chance. Yeah. That's it. I just, I was like, I I sure hope somebody that that take me. They don't play on turf. You know who I thought was gonna take me ocho, the team that I had the most contact with. Where, who I talked to the most. Who that? Cincinnati Bengals. Hey, what uncle? You could, you could, Hey, you could've been, you could've been over there with your boy. Huh? I figured the Cincinnati, Seattle, because they had called, asked where I was gonna be. Right. And Cincinnati, Seattle. Who else? I really, I didn't hear from Denver. Maybe the Patriots because their guy came several times and worked me out.


Yeah. Oh, Philly. Philly. I talked to Buddy, I talked to Buddy Ryan rest his soul. I talked to him a lot. So I was like, I just knew I say Philly, Cincinnati or Seattle. I was like, damn Seattle player. I say Cincinnati play on turf, Seattle play on turf and Philly play on turf. Because You know, the vet was terrible. Right? Yvette was, every year was voted worst, worst field condition. Worst field. Yes. Seattle was on turf. 'cause they played back then Ocho they played in the kingdom. Yeah. I don't know if you remember the Kingdom. And then Cincinnati like, man, Cincinnati don't win ish though.


Hey, that, that's not necessary. And then lo and behold, Bronco Country, Here you go. Here you go. Yeah. You yeah, you, you, you, you was all right. You was all right. You was all right. You was all right. You was that boy. Oh, you was that boy. But Hey, well, hey bro, don't worry about that. They know what you can do. Hey, when you'll have your pro, when you have your pro day and you throw into your receivers at Ohio State, All that matter, write 'em up. And, and again, even, even at the pro day, again, are they drafting you based on what you're doing at the combine?


Yes. A little bit of it comes into play. But those where you have that much film like a Will Howard, what are you talking about? You not throwing will at the combine is why your stock, your stock is gonna drop. Huh? Anybody saying that is why certain scouts don't need to be in position to make calls for certain teams. Turn on the film, man. There's a lot of film on Will Howard and Woody did at Ohio State. What are we talking about? Oh, he didn't throw Will. Oh, we talk about shorts and shirt. I get it. Stop playing, man. Joining us three time pro bowler, two time all pro defensive player of the year.


He's one of six now he's one of seven DBS to have won that award. Mel Blunt won it first. Lester Hayes, rod Wilson, Dion Sanders, Charles Wilson, Stefan Gilmore, and now representing Bronco Country. Pat Ser ii PS two. What'd it do? Yo, what's good? What's happening Man? Bro, bro, I'm proud, man. You represent Bronco Country extremely well, man. You're the first defensive player of the year since Randy Gau and I think 77 or 78, so it's been damn 50 years since we've had a defensive player of the year. But I can't think of someone that's more worthy with the work that you put in. Oh yeah. The way you prepare, You know, hey, I get the, I get, I get Intel the way, the professionalism that what you display, how you go about your business, how you try to get better and better every day.


The attention to detail that you put in, man, I wanna take my hat off and say congratulations, and I'm proud you a Bronco, bro. Yeah. Appreciate that man. And listen. Yeah. You know, but Pete, You know, I've been watching you since high school. Boy, man, I obviously having, You know, having the battles with your, with with your pops man, we was in the league and that now watching you dominate at, at the position and, and being the Number one defensive back in the league, I, I wanna know my first, what's your mindset man? When you line up against some of the best receivers in the league with a great understanding, as technically sound as you are and as savvy as you are, how important is you to be able to keep your composure in most situations with DB's panic, which makes you probably the best in the league on that, on that trade alone, outside of ball skills and other stuff?


This is Ashley ett from the Ben and Ashley. I almost, same as podcast, you probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your Bill, ladies. I Got, got it. No, I got it. Seriously, I insist, I insisted first. First Of don't be Don't be silly. You Don't. Silly don't be silly. People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper, Scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit Wells Fargo dot com slash active cash terms apply.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like, I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Ps I might need, we might need to get you a Boost Mobile contract, bro, so you'll stop freezing up on us. Nah, this wifi tripping man. Pete, where you at? What you at? You at the crib? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what, what's wrong with the wifi? Yeah, I'm, I'm, But what OCHO was asking you is that, what's your mindset when you go into a game and You know you're gonna tap to take, you're gonna have to travel. Yeah. You got a lot of frequent flyers, miles 'cause you go left, right? Sometimes you jump in the slot, but mainly you're outside, but you're taking the opposing team's best receiver. What is your mindset? How do you get locked in on a given Sunday? Yeah, I think it all starts with preparation. Knowing your opponent, knowing who you're going up against, You know, 'cause the NFL each and every week, You know, you going up against a, a top, top line receiver each and every week.


So, You know, you gotta have that mindset going in. Like, you going to win every rep at the end of the day. So, You know, every time I go and play every Sunday, I look at it as a blessing. 'cause You know, I get to go up against the best, You know, and perform at a high level. So, Hey, growing up, listen, did you always know you wanted, did you always know you wanted to follow in your father's footsteps as a quarterback? Or was there another position you wanted to play? Or was it always defensive back? Nah, I wasn't always db You know, I, I've always wanted to be a running back, growing up for Yeah, I mean, You know, You know I played at P-P-O-P-P-O Bagel. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Why you was that PPO? Yeah. Yeah. Hey, y'all be cheating out there, man.


Yeah, I was, I was showing all that running back, man. I was one, but then like, You know, I played offense, You know, and then it, when I went to db it sort of translated naturally, right? And I sort of got the feel for, You know, the instincts, the press, You know, I had the press game already, so yeah. I was like, I'm just gonna carry it over to DB and You know, the game went off from there, so. Yeah. Yeah. When people describe you, the one thing they say technically sound always on balance. T doesn't, he doesn't get lazy. He doesn't get lazy with his footwork. He doesn't get lazy with his hand placement. He doesn't get lazy with his head head. What are you thinking like when you go up there and you're like, okay, I got XYI got whoever the receiver is.


When you lock in, you like, I got this guy, what are you thinking? PS Shoot. First thing I'm, I'm thinking of being sound. Okay. You know, You know, like you said, technically sound like it start with my eyes, You know, making sure my eyes at the right spot, You know, not guessing, You know, You know, being sound with that, You know, and putting, making sure my, my feet match receiver's feet at the end of the day. Okay. You know, the receivers, You know, Chad, y'all get in outta break, Dana, You know, y'all, y'all so quick. So we gotta react and that's the main thing. Making sure I'm able to react, You know, a couple seconds, You know, later with the receiver's timing at the end of the day. So, You know, I make sure I'm with that and hand placement is right, You know, when I'm pressing, You know, feet, the line with my eyes at the end of the day.


So, You know, that's the main thing, right? One thing, lemme ask this o lemme get, Okay, wait, go ahead. I got a good one. Are you a pattern read guy or you a downing distance guy? Because me, I'm looking at guys how guys play me. I'm looking at downing distance, how they play. I'm looking at when we are in a certain formation, how they play. So are you a pattern read guy or you a down in distance guy? I think that's a good question. I think it ties in both ways. Okay. I think like when you, when you realize down in distance, right? Like you realize what patterns about to come. Like, You know, like if it's third and short, You know, you, you four by one backside, you, you, you. Oh yeah. Expecting, You know, you slant, easy Slant, backside, You know what I mean?


So like when you, when you, when you tie in those little things, You know, you understand the game. Like I, I read like two by two sets and be like, okay, two out to the flat, no one got end breaker. You know what I mean? It's just like route concepts have different levels to it, You know, when you're a DB and you look at it firsthand. But, You know, it comes with experience, You know, I mean, I wanna say necessarily, say when I was a rookie, I knew that, You know, so the more and more time I had in the league and understanding offenses and how they process it slowed the game down for me for sure. So I think when you go in each and every week and You know you got the right film preparation, I think all that ties in together. Yeah. Hey, this is, this is what I wanted to ask you too, because I had a lot of freedom to be able to do what I want to do as long as I stayed within the time and of the offense.


And I'm curious on the defensive side of the ball being that you're so good, how much freedom do you have and reign to be able to do what you wanna do within the defensive scheme based on the de based on the receiver that you're playing each week. Now, each week you play in team Number one, you traveling with 'em and every receiver is different. Do you change your game a little bit and your approach to that specific player each week being that they're different and do, do they allow you the freedom to do that in the, in, in, in, in the secondary? I'm not sure how, how strict your coach is. I'm just, I'm just curious. Yeah. I mean there, there's definitely some freedom. You know, it is, it depends on the call, You know, we have different variations of calls, right. You know, allowed you to be free, like man to man.


Like you could switch it up your leverage and stuff, right? Like when I'm, when I'm playing in the defensive scheme, I'm, I'm sort of like, if I'm in zone, I'm trying, I'm more solely focused on the quarterback sometimes. Right. You know, receiver, like trying to bait the quarterback or give the quarterback this look and thinking of something else at the same time. But yeah, you, You know, you get a lot of leadway out there, You know, but it's all about you, You know, playing confident, You know, it all starts with your confidence and your ability at the end of the day. So I think with our defensive scheme, You know, Vance Joseph, he allows us to, You know, excel in our skillset. You know what I mean? Play free. I'm looking at you and like you play a DK Madcalf for a Mike Evans.


Those are more big body receivers that want to get physical. You play a smaller receiver, that's quick. Now, I don't know if people know this. You are a Rangey guy. I mean, you got, you got long arms and you, you long, I mean you're six two, you are a legit six, two and a half. I ain't know there. No, well with shoes on, you are a legit six, two and a half. Yeah. So when you go up against, say a DK Medcalf on one plate and now you got Jackson Smith and Jig gma or you got Lockett on the next play, how different, how difficult is it for you to get in out, like, okay, this guy's more physical. Okay. I know I gotta be, I gotta be able to be strong at my initial point versus a guy that got fast twist that's looking to get up out of there in a hurry. Yeah, that's the thing, man. Like, You know, people, people have this like notion on Taller DB saying, You know, they can't get in and outta brakes.


You know what I mean? I mean obviously they know taller DBS may be physical, but that's the thing. Like as DB gotta have quick feet, You know what I mean? Yes. You gotta be Southern as well too. So when I go against bigger receivers, I'm like, okay, we match up pretty well. Like that's my game being physical. But like them quicker, smarter receiver are shifty and quick. It's like, okay, now I got, now I gotta tie into my game a little bit more. No, now it's not physicality, You know, it's all about the feet being aware of being sudden. But You know, that's just goes in, You know, towards the working, the off season. Like making sure my short area quickness up to par, You know what I mean? All that ties in together because You know them receivers stop on a dime.


Yeah. Then boom, I gotta translate that. Getting out the break and finishing on the play. So I think every week has its own challenge because, You know, sometimes I go against a new receiver, I don't know any experience against him, but a guy be quick and, You know, you gotta just read and react at the end of the day. So, yeah, Listen for, for me, my, my toughest challenge is, You know, during, during my tenure, during my career, obviously, You know, playing within the division, having a deal with the Ike Taylors, the Lee Bos, obviously Darrell Reavers being the best DB I've I've ever gone against during my tenure in the league. Who would your top three receivers be that you feel are the most difficult to cover or you, or would give you issues?


You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to, to find a way where you can, you can, you can give them, You know, their flowers without saying that they, they can beat you, You know, but yeah. There's always somebody. Yeah. You know, there's, it's crazy 'cause the receivers, it seem like every year, like another receiver pops up like, like people had under the radar. So it's like if you go through the, through the lineage of receivers that I could see pop up like year in to year out. 'cause I look at sissy as well too, so. Right, right. You know, so like Ozzy Jamal, he up there, he had a great year, You know, I up getting some, You know, it was a good matchup between me and him. A good battle. Then we have like Devonte Adams Yeah.


Mean we have good battles. Like I look at dudes that I battle against, You know what I mean? Right. And You know, we have our good matchups and lemme see, I say Tyreek Hill. Ooh. And he's been like, he, he was that dude for sure. He's that dude. So some good matchups. Pat your dad senior All pro, how much time did he spend with you once you decided that you're gonna play db? How much time did he spend with you? Did you guys watch film? Did he say, okay, look for this? Did he work with you? Certain things? So what, what's been some of the lessons that your dad having a dad play in the NFL play at a high level? What are some of the things that he's taught you? Yeah, I think it's an honor.


You know, being able to, You know, sort of, You know, have that, You know, person in your life that played at a high level, You know what I mean? You know, just learning from him, learning what he's seeing from the game. I'm just, I just, You know, I'm just a sponge. You know, I'm soaking in everything he taught me, You know, from day one. So, You know, being able to translate that to the game now, it's honestly a blessing. But, You know, I learned a lot. I mean, he, he just knows the game, the in ins and outs of the game, You know what I mean? He's played in the league for, You know, a long time. So being able to have that on my side with his experience, it helps a lot. You know, just from when I was in the backyard, just doing drills with him now, just watching film and stuff whenever he had the chance to.


I think it's honestly a privilege for sure. And Lemme ask you this, at Alabama, coach Saban spent a lot of time with the dbs. He was very, very hands-on coaching, eyes, eyes, this feet, this, this and this. Tell me about Coach Saban and, and his approach to coaching DBS and some of the lessons that he taught you. Because it seemed like Coach Saban was hard. I told you to do it like this. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's him, man. Like he, the thing is about Saban, like obviously he's very hands on, but it's with a purpose. Like it's with a result that comes with it at end of the day. Like, You know, the things he teach you, You know, you just can't hear it one ear not the other.


You gotta really lock in and understand it because he'll come back with you and challenge you with the same question each and every day. And then if you don't lock in, that's when you like, man, I can't trust you. You know what I mean? I can't put you on that field. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I think a lot of, a lot of things he says was very, You know, prevalent, You know, to what he teaches and You know, it was a pleasure. 'cause You know, every once in a while you needed, you needed that. You know what I mean? You needed somebody to get on your ass and here and there. So, I mean, I think, I think it was definitely a learning experience for me, but it was well worth it, You know, being coached by the greatest college football coach to ever do it, You know, at the end of the day. So, You know, my times there spending with him, I learned a lot and You know, and just when I take some of the lessons that he taught me, I sort of translate to the league now.


So What were those practices like? You got Henry Rugs, you got Devonte Smith, you got Judy, you got, I mean you, you, you got Waddle, you got those guys was, it is not like you're like, okay man, let me go on over here. I'm gonna take Judy, hold on. He was the Biletnikoff Award winner, man. I got Devonte Smith. He caught the game winning touchdown at the national championship game of the true freshman. He's the Heisman Trophy winner. He's the biletnikoff. Every award that he that he did that he is like, nah, let me, let me go on and jump on Waddle. You got a guy that's running four two, boom. Got you. You got a guy runs running four two by you. I mean, what was practices like? 'cause I know there had to be some ish talking going on fa Nah, For sure it was, it was competitive.


It was like through my college career. I wasn't even like the games was the games. Like the games were so easy. 'cause You know, you went up every practice, I was so much worried about how I'm performing practice, right. And the game, You know what I mean? Because you say you got Jude and you got Waddle, then you got Smitty and rugs. It's like those who right there, like you see in the game live in action and you're like, man, any one of these boys go for like 203 tug easy. You know, if they want to. Then you got two at quarterback, Mac Jones, Bryce Young, Jalen Hurts. And you back there like man, like yeah, these some dudes, these some dogs. Yeah, it was a lot of shit talking though, like we have competitive periods and like boom, like the defense will win and offensive would get mad, get frustrated and Saab, You know, he a defensive coach.


So You know, we ain practice on a good note, You know, good speech, good practice, but boy the offense come back the next day, Light y'all up. Arms like we have a tough day through them. Competitive period. Then saving, he'd be like, break it down, then boom, we would just run gases Just Because the defense did bad. Man. He hate to see the defense lose, but like, yeah bro, them practices, man. Like, I could vividly remember like ushers like getting better like each and every day like, You know, hot summer days through, through them grueling days. Like it was well worth it because in the game it was like piece of cake, boom. I know why I need to line up. Like he do a release, boom.


Oh, this is easy. Like I'm on the hip. But in practice it's like I need to lock in, get my a game on. You know what I mean? So yeah, it was definitely memorable for sure. That's dope. You, you've had some incredible plays, bro. You know, obviously I've watched your highlights numerous times being that I I am, I'm a huge, huge advocate for excellent DB play. You've had some incredible plays in your early career, earlier ear, in your early career, in the early stages of your career. What's been your favorite moment, You know, in the NFL so far outside of getting drafted? I know getting drafted is the, the, that you can't replicate or replace that moment. But outside of that, what's been your favorite moment so far?


Shoot, I think, I think it just happened. Winning that deport man. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's pretty, that was a pretty surreal feeling. Yes sir. I just think, You know, that just ties into all the work I put into off season, You know, and just setting my goals aside, You know, and put into fruition. I think that was my favorite moment so far. But I say, I say another thing is that's very underrated is, You know, building relationships, You know, across the league, You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, building, building bonds that You know, around the league that, You know, you would, you would chairs for a lifetime. And that's one of the things that, You know, I've been able to get exposed to, You know, meaning great vets, You know what I mean? Being around great locker rooms, great presence like that.


I think that's very cool. That's a part of the NFL Brotherhood. But yeah man, I know I got a lot more years to go, so I know. Yeah, things will keep rolling. Experience gonna keep coming. So now I'm very excited, You know, I'm enjoying it so far. How does a young man stay hungry? You had such great accomplishments early in your career, you've been an off, you've been an all pro, you've gone to the Pro Bowl, you just won defensive player of the year in your third year. What does Pat Zan do to stay hungry? Because a lot of times when people re an a achieve accomplishment, you climb a mountain, you like, yes. But the really great one, find another summit to scale. What does Pat Satan do for an encore? Man, I just realized at this point, man, You know, you done everything, You know at some point, but there's always room to get better.


Like, sometimes I be like, like on this play, like, man, I coulda did something different here. Like boom. Like what's that next step in order for me to get there? You know what I mean? Like, I'm still a work in progress, You know what I mean? I still haven't reached my ceiling at the end of the day. So I feel like there's more work to be done and I feel like right now, You know what I mean, people getting to that, You know, I'm getting to that point where, You know, You know people gonna bring their A game, You know, each and every week, You know what I mean? They, You know, have their best game against me, You know, have their best number against me. So I know like, You know what I mean? I still, I'm still hungry, You know what I mean? I'm still working.


I'm still the same dude each and every week preparing the right way fundamentally. And You know, making sure I keep on sharpening my toolbox. So You know this off season, I'm put the work in and get better at the end of the day. So You guys had a great season. Speaking of off, speaking of off season, You know, I got LEAs with me too. Now Line them up, You know, Bez, You know we can line 'em up. I'm being AZ. Oh you oh you way in Arizona? Yeah, I'm being AZ man. Right. That that dude man, you Don. Hey, hey Pat, man, you ain't see last year Ocho tried to get off a dude, man, dude shoved him under the sideline. He put both hands in his chest. Not what he didn't stab left or right, right, left both.


Yes. Breast plate. Hey listen, listen, The man ain did this right here to him. He squeezed it. I said, oh man, get outta here. Hey listen, what you got done? You pat, you Pat you gotta understand now. I hadn't done no man that I tell now that man in 12 years The the man ask you, did that happen? Nah, that ain't happen. This man. You said he lying. Yes, I gotta See this. Hey listen, that happened. You don't have a chance man. Come again. Wait, wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Come again and press play. Say that one more time. You won't have a chance. Okay, We chance Bronco country stand up. That's what we do. Hey Pat, we gonna get you here on this one.


You guys made the playoff your first couple years, didn't have a whole lot of success this year. You seem to have found a quarterback in Bo Nicks who was a rookie, played extremely well. What are the expectations moving forward next year and beyond? Yeah, we got great expectations. I think this was just the start, You know what I mean? Of a long journey ahead. I mean, like you said Bo, You know, we got a great young core, You know what I mean? And we also got some veterans as well too. So, You know, I'm looking forward to it, man. I feel like we ended the season on a good note, but not the note that we wanted to. 'cause obviously we was, You know, going into that playoff run looking for more. But You know, it comes with it. But now since we know how to get there, it's all about sustaining, You know, and finishing the right way and getting to that next step.


So I think that's the main goal, man, is just, You know, building the right pieces together. You know what I mean? I think with our team right now, I think we're going to bring everybody, everybody back together as we should. So I'm looking forward to it. I think we gonna even be more hungry just because, You know, we, we went to the playoffs, but not only that, we got a lot more left in the tank. So yeah, it is gonna be, I'm excited. You're not satisfied. You can, pat, pat has merch. You can copy his merch@off-fieldshop.com off field shop.com to call Soan II merchandise.


Check it out. What do you have? Beanies, hats, hoodies. What you got going on over there, pat? Dude, Shirt, hoodies, beanies, everything You need limited edition. There it is. You Pour limited edition Raining defensive player of the year. Bronco Country number two ii. Congratulations. Tell your pops I said what's up. Hope I all well with the family. Continue success bro. And you repre, you repping Bronco country quite well, bro. Yes sir. Mile high. Salute y'all all boy, I'ma let y'all appreciate you bro. Yo. Alright. The Volume,


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and Victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion, laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey, Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit Quickbooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit Quickbooks, Listen to Mind the Business Small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock Up Savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from Tide, Downey, Charman, and Dawn, or Dinner Essentials from Hidden Valley Healthy Choice or Pillsbury plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.