
Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks like Lay's chips, garden veggie straws, and planters nuts or sweet treats from M and MSS and Oreo plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


At Lowe's, our members get more. With the My Lowe's Rewards programs, you can shop member only deals for your home and business every week. Plus members earn points on eligible purchases. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change free standard shipping, not available in Alaska and Hawaii. Exclusions and more terms apply.


This message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. C dk nng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund


After tumultuous Aaron Roll's era in New York has made it clear and decisive and sovereign decision with a high upside player on a low cost deal. The Jets signed Justin Fields to a two year deal, $40 million with 30 million guaranteed. He was celebrating his new deal in Dubai with Michael Parsons. Kyle Pits and Bijan Robinson Fields is expected to be the Jets opening day starter ahead of Tyro. Taylor Fields would be Reuni reunited with Garrett Wilson. The two were teammates for two seasons at Ohio State. 19 through the 20th. Fields was drafted. Number 11 overall in 2021. Nine spots after the jet selected Zach Wilson, who had, who was replaced by Rogers and traded last off season.


He was in Denver last last year. Now he's in Miami on a one year deal, fully guaranteed to backup tour ocho. What do you think about this deal? I'm I'm, now we know definitively Justin Fields is not going back to Pittsburgh. He's in New York. So you like this deal? Absolutely. I like it. I like it. Justin Fields deserve, deserve a chance to start. He deserve a chance to start somewhere. If it wasn't gonna be in Pittsburgh, obviously Mike Tom had promised Russell Wilson a job. He came in, took the team, the four and two, then Russell Wilson took over. We know what happened. The bottom fell out towards the end of the season. Justin Fields doesn't come back. He was on a one year deal. He's now going to the New York Jets. Now the New York Jets have their own problems.


One of the problems that they did have, but that, that they think they solved is a quarterback position in bringing Justin Fields in. I'm hoping, I'm hoping things go in his favor and they continue to put pieces around him so he can succeed at what he does. Having Gary Wilson for one, as a step in the right direction, fixing the offensive line for two is another step in the right direction. You have Brie Hall gonna take some of the pressure off of you when it comes to running the ball. He can also catch the ball out the back field. Outside of that, the defense, maybe they can get back, hopefully get back to what they once were. Not last year, but the year before where they were top three in almost every statistical category when they played hope. They, they, they can get back to that.


And I'm happy for Justin Fields and listen, now, now, now the onus is on you. The onus is on you. You, well, you wanted, you wanted a chance to be a starter. You want a chance to be able to prove yourself. Now you got it. And not only do you got it now you got it in the best place to play the best market. The media, The world is watching you gonna be on tv. Everything you do is going to be magnified. You know, so the the pressure, the pressure gonna be on a little bit. Now this is this, The pressure's also gonna be On. Well also, You know who the backup was under Rogers who played better at spots when he got into Rogers?


Ty, rod Taylor. Yeah. Yeah. You know Ty Rod Big day. Ty Rod been a been around for a long time now. That's, that's one joke in that Played. Well, he understand. That's one joke on. And you can put him on all 32 teams. He gonna give you what you need every time he step in there, every time he step in there. But for some reason they don't view him as a starter when he actually is. That's what he should be. Right. He played really well. Remember he started in Buffalo and took him to the playoffs and then he goes to San Diego. He gives, he has a, a collagen injury suffering in the preseason. They inject it and they end up piercing the lung and he collapsed his lung. So now Justin Herbert starts, now Herbert plays, well, he never gets the job back.


So now he's been a backup. He was a backup in New York, played better than Daniel Jones got, went to Jets and played good. So he's played well when he's been given an opportunity To play. Oh, actually, and he was also a backup in, in Baltimore? Yeah, He, He Wait, he did? Yeah. Wait, what year was this? He, he was on that Super Bowl team. Oh, Right. Rod got a ring too, huh? Yeah.


That's where, and he played, You know, in back spot duty played well. Yeah, he goes to Buffalo. Okay. So he went from Baltimore to Buffalo, to the Chargers, to the Giants, to the Jets. Now, where was he at when they had the issue with the loan, with the puncture loan, The Chargers. Did he purposely not file any type of action simply for the fact that He, I think he did file a grievance. Real, I think he did file a grievance because that's, that's tricky O ocho because you want to get deep enough in there and put the medicine in there and the lungs are right there. The lungs are right there. You have to be cautious. Now you're talking to somebody that shot that, that shot his ribs up because he had like real cartilage.


So just a very delicate process. And it happens. It happened. It, it Happened. You know what I would think about too when I just thought about it? You, you, you have to be careful a little bit, I think if you have an issue like that, especially where the doctors are responsible for doing something wrong to you. But I, I always thought as a player, if you file suit and, And you win, You know the NFL ain't gonna play with you no more. You know, You know, You know what I'm trying to get at, huh? Right. Oh, so that's, that's, that's, Yeah, I, he said probably it cost him a starting job because they paid you salary. So now you, now, You know what I mean? You see what I mean? But Yeah, he, he said yeah. Ah, that's crazy. So yeah, it, it, it happened.


So I, I'm congratulate, I'm happy for Justin Fields. Absolutely. He is like, bro, I ain't going back to Pittsburgh. Y'all ain't gonna turn me loose. Y'all, y'all gonna come in here and y'all wanna do this little stuff like that. Play to the defense. Don't take any risk. The last time they took risk is when they had Big Ben, they allowed Big Ben to play Free. Well, you gotta understand what big, big, big Ben had at his disposal to be able to play free. Yeah. They ain't had, they ain't got nothing like that over there Early, but early in his career, even when he had weapons, they, it, it was a defense. They run the bus, they ran Willie Parker. And then even when they got Labon, they still was a aired out type of a football team because they had all of those receivers.


They had Mike Wallace and they had the Sanders and they had the abs. So they had a nice collection of talent at the wide receiver position. Right Now, I'm not saying, and none of the guys, so I don't want people to misconstrue this. None of the guys that's played quarterback are comparable to Ben. No. So we know, we know what Ben represents, but all I'm saying, I mean, I think Ben has the most 500 pass games in the NFL history. With that being said, at the end of the day, Ocho, you gotta let me throw a football, bro. Yeah. This is 2 20, 25. This ain't 1940 football where we run the ring wing. T Yeah, you got to, Quarterbacks want to throw receivers want to catch running backs, wanna run Edge.


Rushers wanna rush the quarterback. So you gotta let 'em do what they were meant to do. And so look, I'm sure you're gonna take it, try to take advantage of Phil's legs. They're two dynamic for you not to, but you gotta let him throw the ball. Ocho and I ain't talking about no damn 15 times a game. What the hell you expect the man to do? Go 50, go with 12 or 15 for 220 yards, three touchdowns. Come on now. Yes. It's all about understanding your player's strengths under understanding, understanding your players' strengths. Understanding your players' weaknesses and plan to her strengths. Play to her strengths, and try to come up with weakness by doing other things, using other people.


Right. It's easy. It's easy. It's, there's a reason it's 11 people on the goddamn field. Yes. Everybody has the responsibility. You like to move to jets. Absolutely. Hell yeah, but one, only because, okay, I got Brie Hall behind me, Right. And you mean to tell me I got a, I got a gangster and, and, and Gary Wilson out there too. Now I don't, I don't know what the rest of the receiver court look like, but I know I could count on five. They might go, they might get a receiver. They might take an offense in lineman. I know, I know. I can count on five. I'm, I'm straight. Lemme ask you this.


How much pressure do you feel is on Justin Fields to show that, You know what, I'm a capable starter in the NFL. Not only is the pressure on him, huh? Not only is the pressure on him, look where the hell he win to play at that make the precious times 10. True. But what you can't do, you can't be gunshot. But, but it all start here. It all started here. You, you be, listen, you wanted it, now you got it. And not only did you get it, now you got it on the biggest stage. Oh Joe, the Steelers and Aaron Rogers could reportedly have a deal done by tomorrow. He beat them in Super Bowl 45. He could be joining them soon. Is this a good move by the Steelers?


Might be the only, Hey, Hey, I was just getting ready to say that. I'm not sure if they want to go back to Russell Wilson, but the only move for them to do at this point, even though the issues that Aaron Rodgers had when he was with the Jets, it, it didn't work out some of the things that he did away from the away from the game that affected him. You know, on the field, if there's a team, if there's a team or a place where we can go, where you understand you have to change your ways because now you are on the back end where they don't need you Don they don't need you. And you have to find a way, You know, to, to get in good s with the NFL in general, letting them know, okay, You know what, I don't have the leverage I used to have.


Things are a little bit different now. The game is getting younger. I'm not the same four time all pro I used to be. I gotta do things the right way because I'm almost out the door. Yeah. I have flashes of brilliance, flashes of brilliance every so often. I'm up and down. This is, this could be my last stop. Listen, could you got, you got George Figures to work with. You got me d dk metcal to work with. I'm not sure what they can Dory move. Oh yeah. Nate, Charles Austin Third. I'm not sure what they're gonna do in the backfield. You need somebody to take that pressure off of him so he don't have to do so much because It not to cut you off, it looks like Ni G Harris is about to decide what the charges.


Yeah. He gonna, the So is Jalen, Jalen Warren is a fridge and two is he or is he back? Because You know, everybody feels that they can go get a back. Because a lot of times people feel like the college back, his, his most value is when he first come out. Because guess what, Ocho he's coming out if a 21 or 22-year-old, and we get it for three to four years and we ain't gotta do nothing at least for three years. So we run the tread off the tires and then we punt the ball, let somebody else get him. So we feel we got the best out of him. That's how they think. I I, I hate that. I hate that he's a restrict. I don't, I don't, I don't, You know, I don't like, I don't like the fact that the running back position still, if you look at the numbers that some of the recent running backs have gotten today is not valued the way it should be unless you are special.


Unless you are special And you, you, I mean, you could look at it. So I'm, I don't wanna say any names because to me it, it's, it's somewhat disrespectful, You know, to some of the deals that they have to sign one year deal. Yeah, They did. The running back had a resurgence last year. Ocho I mean, look, I, I ain't talking about, but you talk about the top five backs. Let's say you say SA Juan, you take Henry, Eric Henry, you take Josh, Jacob McCaffery, you take, who else was in that? Jonathan Taylor. Who else was in that Crew? Should top five right here. Okay. Yeah. Like it's, it's like them and then there's a huge drop off like off the cliff, right? Like, like what man, what the, the hell?


Now that's, that's crazy. So just, I mean I'm, I'm looking at some of the numbers. I'm looking at some of the numbers and like, it is the NFL, it's still good money, but for the position and what you have to go through the wear and tear, the pounding pause. I'm like, Golly. Now did you sign with the Rams? I thought he was going to the charges. I thought looking at the charges, somebody talking about he just signed with the Rams one year. Who, who? Yeah, I saw that earlier before I even got here. I saw that on, on Twitter. He, He signed with the Chargers, right? One year. Okay.


9 4, 2 5. Okay. They just got, they, they had the number right, but they had the wrong team. I, I look, think about it. Ocho look about how many quarterbacks moved and they're the, one of the last ones to move is a four time lead vp, a Super Bowl winning quarterback that should tell him everything he needs to know. If this is not a wake up call for Aaron Rogers, I don't know what is Yeah, it, hey, it would scare me, honestly. It would scare me. Yeah. It would scare me to the point where I'm walking on eggshells where an NFL in which I dominated for a very long time and I've had leverage for a very long time. I no, I no longer have that leverage.


They lo they no longer need me right now. The fact that I had opportunity in New York and didn't get it done, and they actually let me go. I've never been on the, the losing side of things in that manner. You know what, we gonna show you the door. We good. Shoot man. Please. The Raiders. The Raiders say, Hey, we'll trade for Gino. Seattle says, nah, we won't. Sam Donald. I was, remember I told you Ocho I say I like a deal for Sam Donald. Like what Baker Mayfield got. Yes. I'm not fitting to give, I'm not fitting to give him no 45, $50 million. About $33 million. Baker has played really well next year. Banker probably if he plays well, like he played last year, he's probably going to, they gonna tear that deal up and he's gonna probably get 45, $50 million.


Baker has played unbelievable. And Chris Godwin turned down more money to stay. He turned down. Well he had an opportunity to go to the Patriots if I, if I'm read, if I'm read it correctly. But he took less money to stay in Tampa, excuse me, play alongside Mike Evans and have Blink Baker Mayfield as his quarterback. Got no problem with that. But this is should, like you said, Ocho, this absolutely should be a wake up call here, Roger. Yeah, because the, your, your resume, because see your resume, it doesn't, you didn't do that resume in Pittsburgh. You didn't do that resume X, Y, and Z what you did in, in Green Bay. They'll be, they'll forever remember you. But I ain't, Hey, I need you to do some of that for what you did in Green Bay.


I need you to do some of that here. And he listen, he had, he had everything he needed. They gave him everything he needed. They gave him everything he wanted and he didn't get it done. He didn't get it Done. He did not. I think it'd be, I think it he Wanted, he wanted, he wanted, he wanted Randall Le, I mean Randall car Got it. Ard, he wanted a, wanted Alan Ard got it. He wanted T Adams. He got him. He wanted his offensive coordinator. Got it. He got it. I mean, Nathaniel hacker owe a lot to Aaron Rogers because he snaked the Broncos pretend like, yo, he was interested knowing he wasn't going, got Nathaniel Hackett that job. That's Crazy. And then he's like, You know what I want Nathaniel Hackett knowing. Good. Well Understand, but look at, look at the power of the leverage as a quarterback that, that a quarterback has.


Huh? Especially with quarterback, with the accolades and the resume that he has. There's some of the things that he can pull off, come to an organization, come to an organization and they give you the keys, they gave you everything. Now ones gonna give you everything. Yes. But look how you acted when it was time for mini camp, when it was time to be a leader of men. The one person that the players are supposed to be able to look up to and actually count on you are completely different. You do things your own way. Not like the Tom Bradys, the Peyton Mannings or the Drew Brees. But you do, you do it your own way. Now you get another shot in Pittsburgh. And I would think the best, the the best thing for you to do. I mean, who am I to tell somebody right? On how to conduct themselves and to come to play in the game of football when I was an ass clown myself?


Well, You know, you, you be an asshole. But I'm saying, don't you, when you go to a new team, you show up for many, many camps. No TAs because you try to ingratiate yourself into that, that team structure. Because what you did, where you came from, has no bearing on what you're gonna do Here. That's, that was my approach when I went to Baltimore, I understood what I had accomplished in Denver. But how was that gonna help me at Baltimore? John wasn't throwing me the ball. I wasn't in mile high. And so now I got to show people, okay, this is how the guy that came here, this is how I became exactly who I became. The way you practice, the way you do things, the attentiveness that you show. I didn't think I was, because I had Super Bowl rings and I was an all pro, yada yada, yada.


I didn't go in there thinking I was better than them. I went in there humble myself, Hey, I need to be an OTA here I am. The only thing I did say, they used to have a test ocho the conditioning test. You had to run on the treadmill. How you did, Man, I told Friday, you remember Friday, Friday when y'all, y'all had Chip and Friday too, but the roles were reversed. Friday was the head chip was the assistant in Cincinnati, chip was the head, Friday was the assistant. Mm. Man, they got on a thing and You know, you start off at like eight, you run on that for two minutes and they go to nine, eight down.


But you gotta be up like 20 minutes. And I'm looking at everybody and I'm thinking to myself, is this a new form of football? Because we ain't gonna be playing on no treadmill. I say Friday, I, I'll be right. I went right upstairs and say, Brian, I said, bro, what, what, what the treadmill gotta do working out. Right? He said, what's wrong? I said, bro, I run on the grass, I run on the ground, I play football on the ground. I said, bro, I can't do that. He like, oh, hey, don't worry about it. I say, I came right back down. I say, I talked to Brian, You ain't doing it. That's a rap for me. Hey, I, I like stuff like that. I like stuff like gases, conditioning test stuff that actually has, I like, I like, I like actually running ocho.


I like actually running. And I had just, I had just got off a hamstring injury. I had just got off a hamstring. That's understandable. I Said no, that's understandable. That's understandable. No, hell no. But let me ask you this, Ocho how do you think the pairing is going to be with Aaron Rogers and Mike Time? Hey, It's gonna be good. Listen, one thing about it, okay? I guarantee you any player, no matter who you are, no matter what you've done in the NFL, they have respect for their young, they they, their young bull like there, I'm talking about Young Bull. They have respect for Mike Tomlin. All of 'em, including Aaron walking in that building, going to play for that historic franchise for coach has been consistently good.


I mean, not where they should be, but he's been consistently good and always winning year in and year out. You coming in, You know, with respect, I'm, I'm sure, and I'm I'm sure Mike to is gonna give him that same respect based on who he is and what he's done. But again, like you say, the hold no weight and have no bearing on what you've done so far. You got to update. You gotta update resume. You do. You absolutely do. And that's what I, that's what I love about sports. This ain't no, Hey bro, you got no, you gotta update your resume every game. Right? This a game, the game. Now you get an opportunity to do it because this ain't no, this ain't like no regular job Ocho where we have a year review now, we review your stuff every week, bro, I, I can't wait till the end of the year to make a decision.


I might need to get you up outta here after week five. After week six. After week 10, I can't be afraid to make change. Right. The only constant you'll ever have in life is change Whether you choose to adapt and evolve and change with it. But change is the only thing that's constant. Mm. Hopefully I hope Aaron understands that. Yes, your career in Green Bay was sensational. I mean some people might have think you based on who you are, your body of work, those MVPs, the consistency, the touchdown, the interception ratio.


Some people might say, well damn Aaron, you left. You, you, you, you left some out there losing the Jimmy Garoppolo twice. Russell Wilson. Yeah. In his third year. I remember that. You lost to who else? Lost to Tom. You wanted you, you wanted home field. You said I want the road to the Super Bowl to lead through Green Bay. And I'd be damn, if you ain't let Tom, if first year in Tampa come there and put puss in you. Yeah. Woo. Four MVPs. You gotta, you gotta get to at least two to three Super Bowls Ocho. I ain't saying you gotta, you gotta get to at least two to three with four MVPs.


OCHO four, Manny has the most, he had five. Manny went the three Super Bowls. I think Montana has two MVPs. Montana went to four Super Bowls. Right. Brett Fav went to two. Elway got one MVP, he went to five with four MVPs. You gotta be at least two superb bowls. You got to, you got to and don't give look. And he, I mean he ain't like, he ain't have no weapons or something. Oh yeah. Jordan Nelson and Craig Jenning and Donald Driver Golden. J Michael Finley. He's always,


everything is more expensive now Whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank, NA or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network at m withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply, late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


This is Ashley Identity from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try well with Future Health? You can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


It's tax season. And by now I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks like Lay's chips, garden veggie straws and planters nuts or sweet treats from M and MSM and Oreo plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions. Apply visit Safeway dot com for more details.


So it's gonna be, it's very interesting to see. It's gonna be very, it was, it was difficult seeing him in a jazz uniform because on show you get so custom to seeing a guy in a said uniform. I mean it's like damn. I mean now you'll probably see him in a different uniform. Maybe the Steelers. It seems like, You know, for what? Who would said that sheer that a deal. Might it, It It makes sense is being reported Sheer didn't report it. It pro football talk saying it could be a deal to see Aaron Rogers in a different uniform. Yeah, Mike Gloria. Listen, They they need it though. They need even, even though it is not Aaron Rogers of old, but the fact that okay, if we can get him somewhere just close to being a, being a little consistent, we'll be all right.


Because look what we gotta deal with already in our division. Yeah. We, we ain't see, You know who else gotta make another splash? The Cleveland Browns. There is no way to compete in the A FC North unless you have a quarterback because defense ain't gonna get it done. You're not gonna do dominate on defense. That can't be your identity. Not going against Joe Burrow and Lamar Jackson. Now Aaron, Roger being in Pittsburgh, the Cleveland Browns are gonna have to make a splash. I don't know where they're gonna go. I don't know who they're gonna get. But they don't have any choice but to make a splash. 'cause you can't rely on your defense to be able to stop these teams. No, because you got, because because here's the thing, you gotta score the NFL's about scoring. That's why they instituted the rules.


Because they like scoring. We like scoring don't you? Yeah. Baseball, they like to see the ball go over the fence. Basketball, they like to see people, they like to see 1 27, 1 41 27. They like 1 45 to 1 43. That's what we like. We've always liked scoring baseball. I mean maybe you get a purist and he wants to see a two one basketball game. I mean, excuse me, a two one baseball game. Right, right. Or in soccer. But no ojo. I don't wanna see that. Excuse me in hockey. No bro. I wanna put a make it six five baseball, make it 10 11. Not what I wanna see all that other stuff. I don't care about that.


It's being reported. The Steelers are also signing. Darius Slave. Slave is going there. Boy. A hey boy. Listen, I'm gonna bangal at heart. Right. I'm gonna the chat. Y'all stay with me real quick. Now Darius Slate is well capable of still being an elite corner in this NFL. If you watched him play last year, if you seen some of the clips that I saw still, they still got it. Still got it still. Well Guess what? Wouldn't you gonna be put to the test? Because if, if, if, if, if Cincinnati bring back T Higgins, you gotta deal with t Higgins. Yeah. And Chase and he gotta deal with Chase. He gotta deal with Bateman and he gotta deal with the other Z flowers. It's a good thing. I like it.


The pairing. It's a, it's a nice pair. Now might be two of the best pairings outside of Marlon Humphrey. And what's Nate Wiggins? I like Nate Wiggins too. He little. Yeah he little on the slim side but he nice Joey Porter. Darius Slate. I like that. Oh Joe, the Seattle Seahawks have agreed to appre to sign free agents Sam Donald to a three year deal. $100.5 million. Yeah. Seattle is giving Donald Donald 55 million in guarantees. Yeah. You like this move for Seattle? I like the Move because I don't like the move for Seattle. I like the move for Sam Donald though. I like the move for Sam Donald. We saw a small sum sample size of Sam Donald in New York.


Okay. He didn't really have nothing to rhyme with. We saw a small Sam size of Sam Donald in Carolina. He didn't really have nothing to ride him. Boy he would put God damn Sam Donald over there on the Minnesota Vikings boy. He look like Joe Montana boy. He look like Joe Montana. You hear me? He ain't got that in Seattle That think why he look like that though. They got a young bull over there. Name, last name Hawkinson. Huh? They got a young bull over there. Probably, probably the best, the best receiver in NFL outside of Jamar Chase and Justin Jefferson. They got Addison Young Bull crazy giving you crazy work. Yeah. So that's how he was able to get paid like that.


So now he get that money down now, now you gotta come and show up. You have certain, you got certain quarterbacks that elevate the receivers around him. Then you have certain quarterbacks that need the receivers around him to elevate the quarterback play. So now you've got to come in and show out. Right now all they have right now is JSNI like JSNI like him. You know they gotta get something else over there. You done let Tyler Locke go, You know let DK Metcal go. I don't, I'm not sure what kind of rebuilding stage they in, but they, they playing with Legos. They done started over from scratch For me.


I don't think that Sam Donald is better than Gino. Now maybe you didn't want to give Gino an extension. Gino was gonna make 31 million this year and he probably gonna look for something north of 40. You get a Sam Donna for about 33 million. But go back and look. The last two to three years Gino has outplayed it. Mm. Now maybe, Hey, you wanna move on? We've letting lock it go. We've letting DK go. Hey let's, we gonna start fresh. We gonna get all that up. All that Pete Carroll. We're gonna get that up outta here. Right. But I, I, I don't think, I don't think Sam Darnell is better than Gino.


Well You know he is not better than Gino. Huh? You know he not better than Gino. But I'm just saying we have to understand why Sam Donald was able to do what he did in Minnesota. I always say a quarterback is only as good as his important cast. There are very few quarterbacks in the NFL right now that can go to any team and regardless of who's around them, they can excel regardless of who's around Him. Ain't a whole Lot of them. Mark Jackson is one of 'em. Josh Allen is another one who did, who did more with less. There's, there's a few others. I'm not gonna say no names. There's a, there's a few others they can go on. Any team. I don't care what you put around me, I'm gonna get the job because no matter what, I don't care how much talent, how much skill I got around, it's because of the onus and what I can do.


And that's why I'm special. Hell, that's why Josh Allen just got a dearly guy. Six for three 30. That's why he got a deal. He just guy, that's why the quarterbacks like Lamar, Jackson and Joe Burrow make the big money. Some people say, well Joe Burrow's only doing what he doing because he had Jamar Chase put him anywhere, put in anywhere. The skillset doesn't change. You being able to throw the ball doesn't change. All you need is the players around you to get the job done. Somebody said in the chat, they offered Gino the same contract. They Alfred Donald, why would I take, why would I So you mean to tell me I played the way I played. I've gone to Pro Bowls And you gonna gimme a $2 million Rating child please Screw you Child please.


I mean, I wish I Like, I like that for Gino too. I like that. Yeah. And so do I Oh Miami. Miami's one of Miami's finest. Gino Smith, Sam Donna won't ranked 14th and QBR the seven, which was seven spots to head of Smith en route to the Pro Bowl. But Darnell also had 11 sack debacle in their wild card playoff lost to the Rams. If you look at it the last two games, I think they played Detroit and they played the Ram. They played, hold on. They they played Detroit. Yeah, they played Detroit because they had that coming from Behind Win. Then they played Detroit and Detroit mopped him and then they went to the playoffs in the Rams crush Him. So he is, His play is very, very receiver eccentric.


Which means he really need quality players around him to elevate him. I don't believe he can elevate. They need to elevate him. And that's what you got with Jetta. That's what you got with Hawkinson. That's what you got with an Aaron Jones. That's what you got with an Addison. Now it's gonna be very interesting to see what they put around him. He only have Jackson Smith and Jig book that's still there. Or they have Noah fan who's still there. But what are the other receivers that you're gonna pull up? No dk No Tyler Lockett. So what are you going to surround him with in order to, and hope you get to production this year that he gave Minnesota last year? Listen, I'm not sure who the owners are in Seattle, but I think they understand they've been watching football long enough.


It's Paul rested. So Paul Allen Sister, his sister, His sister Paul Allen. Listen. Yeah, he passed away and left their, They they have enough scouts and g You know, enough scouts and people in place to understand why he played as well as he did. You, You know why, You know, I, I understand it's a business. I understand. So you, you have to pay him his money. But if you want to see him be as productive as he was, you need to get the same type of pieces. You won't get, you ain't gonna put Yeah, sure Jefferson, you ain't gonna find that. But there, there are some, some quality wide receivers you can get to Puty ride him to put him to put what, what, what J in They got a nice running back and Kenneth Walker. Kenneth Walker ii.


Right. Kenneth Walker? Yeah. And Charvin. Well They nice, they nice. So I think they, they, they gonna be all right. But that's just, just very questionable about some of the moves they made. With, with, with, with, with, for one locket. I don't how you let the preacher go? I call him the pre I call, I call locket the preacher's wife. You can't let the preacher's wife go, You know, that goes against everything God stand for. Not now. Dk he wanted this deal. They, they, they weren't gonna pay it. Yeah. Now I, I understood that move. But hey man, hey the business, the NFL is crazy. Sometimes they make you sit there and scratch your head. But it's the nature of the business.


You, you, you've been around it for so long. You play it And you see how they operate. Nothing should surpris me. Yeah. Oh Joe, I love what Jamar Lamar, Lamar Jamar posted on ig Know your worth then Add Text. Yeah. You don't play. But wait, You know I saw it. I saw it. He don't play. You don you don't man, you not you, you not listen to me. Gimme me. Gimme, gimme, gimme me. Oh, they played with him last year. There's certain players that love the game and You know you can play with 'em. Right. You can play that. You know when the NFL knows you love the game so much that you, you'll come and play.


They'll take advantage of you. Now you got somebody like this who showed you all right now I'm gonna sit out. I'm not gonna go. I Ain't give you, I ain't cutting no deal at All. Now you playing with me last year? This year? Nuh, yesterday's price. Yo ain't today's price. I need all that. Yesterday's, today's price is two years from now. Price. I'm charging. I know the economy. I know a I know we wiped out a lot of games over the last couple of days. The Dow and the Nasdaq is down. But I need, I i I need All that. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah.


I I Hey for what y'all did to me, I, I cuts nothing. I'm charging. I remember when I was growing up and my grandfather take me and my brother, we go clothes get Easter shopping. We buy one of, You know, buy two suits. You get two suits for $99. They throw the tie in the pocket square for free. Right. Jamar say I'm charging every, everything all a car. It is 15, it's 15 million for I let the league in receiving yards. It's 15 million. I let the league touchdown. It's 15 million. I let the league catch it. Yeah. We're about 45. Make it right. Make the money Right. Vin, you and Mike Brown make the money. Right. Hold On, hold on. And and if it ain't, what it and if ain't what it should be.


I ain't touching the field. I'm not touching the field. I'm not touching the field until week eight. 'cause I wanna make sure I get my accredited season. I'm saying Now I'm gonna do that. Oh. But now y'all gonna pay me every, I'm not cutting paid. See, I will really love you, but I ain't gonna save no money now. I'm just letting You know. I ain't saving no money. Ain't gonna be no cramps. Oh, that's funny man. That's funny. They don't ever cut. They don't cut these, they don't cut these network. No, they don't cut them no breaks. No, they pay, they make a pay. Top dollar ain't got. So I need that. They got a choice.


I need that. Oh. And plus you already told me you gonna make me the highest. Yes babe. You gotta be careful It like, hey ojo, You know him. Say we had this thing together And you don't promise your girl well, hold on, hold. Oh, don't forget, they done lied to me once already now. But they said that, but they, they gonna pay him last year. So now, now night the word. Now you worried. I really can't, I really can't stand on on your word because you told me one thing last year and then you bumped the system on me. You bumped me. So I don't know what to believe now. So now you get, you get approach like that because now it's strictly business. Oh. That's all it's ever been because y'all told me, y'all told me y'all was gonna take care of.


Now I look at y'all, you say you, you promises like pie crust, thin and easily broken. I can't believe nothing. You tell me. I wrote that one. Yeah. I can't believe nothing. I wrote that With down before. I remember that one. That's a good one. Yeah. So I'm, I need all that. I want everything I'm gonna promise yesterday and everything y'all took in today. You remember Harlem night? When you say we shake A knife, that dude snack a tube. Snack a tube. Yeah. Yeah. Classic Mama need a dress baby need new shoes And you need teeth now. Rolling both folks. I'm a roller. I'm a roller here. I told your kids get me bad. I read that. I told him, your kids gimme me. Bad luck.


He get that kid outta here. I ready say hold on. It's My place. It's my place, My place. Kid ain't going nowhere here. Bobby. I'm Gonna stick you and I'm definitely gonna stick you And I'm gonna stick that slow walking ground boy saying, Oh, Back. He crapped out. He Were hot, But he said, hold on bro. Had you won, we'd have paid two. I paid a man on five today and I ain't selling punk, but Jamar Chase won that brand it on Cho. I need that. Get your money Chase. Get your money. Chase was Ocho check this out.


Last year he was open to a deal. Average around 36 million if structured right. Bingos couldn't get it done. Now Triple Crown. Triple crown, triple the price. It's crazy here. Money, money. Yeah. Yeah, money, money. Yeah. Yeah. Get 'em Chase. Ooh, the highest paid nine quarterback is 40 million. Chase said I need give Gimme eight, I need 41. I need about five years. And they what they got get you say a the first three years I need a hundred piece.


Make it, make it 105, A hundred piece. Make make it, make, make it 105. Just a, just, just a good measure. As a matter of fact, You know what? I had to take out a Lord a Lord's love policy just in case I get hurt. That would, and that that can replace the value that I was going to lose. I need that money back too. So throw that in there. Throw that in there. Absolutely. Absolutely. Hey, It's, it's been a good time. It's been a good time. It's been a good day for the, for for me, for the NFL Had they A the B this is what the, the bingos, because they waited till the last minutes.


They coulda had Jesse Bates for 12 million. They didn't do it. He leaves gets 1516 from the Falcons t Higgins. They coulda had t Higgins for about 23 mil a year. Now they're gonna have to pay him north of 30 jam. Mark Chase. You coulda had it for 35, 36, say 36. Now you gonna have to play him 40 plus Trey Hendrickson could have had it for 25. Now you gotta play him now you gonna have to be sandwich him meant somewhere between 30. He wants north of 30. Yeah. Hey, I, I Two back to back season with 17 and a half sacks. I can't say I disagree with him. Yeah. And I look at, I look at what Philly's been able to do with Devonte Smith, with AJ Brown, with obviously Saquon, Jalen Hertz and being able to play pay everybody.


Do you think they were able to do it because they paid early? They they, they yes. Struck before it got hot with, with great understanding. Yes. Happen If they wait until, You know, yes Bro. You see these guys practice every day. You see how these guys meet. You see them play that don't get in trouble. What are you waiting for if the longer you wait, it's almost like you, you, you, you are betting against them. Yeah. Basically They're gonna have a down year. They're gonna get injured, decrease the value. Well, there's a chance that happens, but what happens when it doesn't doesn't. Right. I never looked at it like that. You know, and the the betting against your own players by not paying.


Yeah. Yes. When you franchise, when you franchise tag me, that's basically what you, what it sound like to Me. You betting against me. Yes. I I'm betting against you. You're betting. That's crazy. I've never heard it. I've never heard it said like that. I just, I just saw it as I don't value you long term. I didn't even, I didn't even think about the concept of, You know what, I'm betting against you. 'cause I don't think you could do it again. So You know what I'm gonna do? I'm a fat here now. Show, show, Show. I ain't gonna get it the long term. I'm gonna make you prove it again. And guess what T Higgins, I believe I was a fluke the last three years. I gonna tag you again.


This is Ashley. I aade from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with Future Health, you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for store wide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from all and Cottonelle and Dinner Essentials from Daisy, Skippy, Hellman's, and Barilla plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Meat Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, Never frozen Meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


A 15 Tmobile. Zach Wilson signs a one year deal. Miami ocho, you buying Zack Wilson? Boy, listen, I'm buying Zach Wilson jersey Talking about, man, I'm, I'm going to get me a Zach Wilson jersey. Listen, you saw me. I wore two jerseys on this show.


I got every soccer jersey you could think of. I wore Jamar chain jersey and what's the other jersey I wore on the show? Wear it out, Zach. Will you got how many Jo? How many Zack Wilson jerseys You got That one green one I had on that time on the show. Wear it out. When you get back to your car, you'll have four more. They found somebody like Zack Wilson. So they like, Hey, hey Listen, don't, don't talk about my dog. Don't talk. Listen, You know who had a better season in New York than, than than Aaron Rogers. Zach Wilson. You know, listen, Hey Zach, I know you don't see this baby. I love you. I'm glad to have you in the city.


I'm, if you need someone to show you around, I'm the perfect tour guy. You know I don't go out, I'm in bed by nine o'clock. But we gotta go. We gotta go hit t tootsies Zach. We gotta hit t Tootsies. I'm, I'm, I'm sure you're probably married, you have a wife, but it's okay. Just, I just wanna talk football. I wanna talk football. They got chicken wings, seafood, rice and lobster tail. They got chocolate cake. And we can use our peripheral vision to make sure we focus, but still see what's surround us. You hear me? You gotta be aware of your surroundings. So I'll let your boy Zach, my number's still the same. You said they got chocolate tail. What? I be talking, I be talking fast. Oh yeah, I know you, you chocolate cake. Because I know the cakes. You talking about chocolate?


Yeah. Okay. Let you tell That. Oh nah, nah, not like that. Not like that. I'm really, I'm really, I just like that. Talk about food. Huh? If you've never been to Sies, you gotta go to Sies for the food you have. I, I know. Listen, try the food shrimp Alfredo. Okay. Chicken and shrimp. I'm, look, I'm allergic to cel. Oh my God. My bad. So you can't eat seafood, right? You can't eat lobster. You can't eat lobster either, huh? No. Oh, they got only Ari. Oh. Oh, That's a fish. Yeah. Damn. You can't eat nothing. Shellfish, mullis, oyster scallop, lobster crab, None of that.


She needs us anything that has iodine in it. Can I ask you a question? Like, if I put I can't, I can't do, I can't do Betadine on my skin. Anything that has Bo Betadine in, it'll burn my skin. Burn. You mean like itch itching? No, it'll burn the skin. The skin. I can't put Betaine on my skin. It instantly discolor my skin. Oh. So I have to use like Pfizer Clean or something like that. Hey, how do you find something out? Like how do you find something like that out? When they put it on my black ass and my skin discolor tape. The same way you find out that you put bleach in your washing machine when you get colored and they spotty. That's how I found, I didn't know.


Well, I knew I was a luxury shellfish. Right? But I didn't, it, it didn't really dawn on me that, okay, Betadine has iodine in, right? But after trying anytime he told me a couple times, I'm like, well damn. Oh, see, see, You did it multiple times. Okay. Yeah. But I was, why? I was like, well, why am I scared discoloring? They like, well, Sharpie or, and then, You know, went to that like, well it has, I you, if you're allergic to shellfish, you're probably allergic to iodine because that's the what people, what we, what they've said, what they told me is that that's probably the common ingredient because there's iodine and shellfish. There's iodine and Betadine. So we recommend that you obviously clearly don't eat shellfish, but stay away from Betadine.


Find another cleansing solution. That's what I would, that's what I did. The Panthers quarterback JC Horne agreed to a four year, $100 million extension worth 70 million guaranteed. Making him the highest paid DB in NFL history. I like it. I like it. Listen, I'm, I'm a, I'm a huge fan. I'm a huge fan of DV play. Alright, those of you in the chat that have watched the Carolina Planters play, those of you in the chat that are fans of defensive quarterbacks, I know JC Horne is one that you like. Pastor Tain might be the best one who doesn't get the credit he deserves based on his play. Whether it be man to man, whether it be man to man, bump and Run or off in JC Horn.


I think he's one of the few that allows his defensive coordinator to do much more that they, they they want to do defensively because of how well he can play man to man. I love JC Horn. He's technically sound, doesn't get the credit he deserves, is not showcased because of where he plays football at. There's a reason why they paid him what he did. There's a reason why they paid him what he did. I've been watching him, I've been watching him all these years and he's the real, he's the real deal. He's the real deal. He just didn't, doesn't get the credit he deserves because of where he is playing at. He don't, he don't talk much either. He ain't gonna talk much, but he, he gonna go out there and play. He gonna walk it every time. He real nice. And the fact that he hurt his foot, I forgot, I think it was maybe last year, year before last, he hurt his foot.


The bills in Josh Allen reached an agreement on a new record setting contract. Six years, 330 million a contract that includes 200 a quarter of a billing. Mm. The largest guarantee ever given to an NFL player. Allen had four years left on his deal. But the reveals will reward their franchise quarterback with a new benchmark deal. The last 100 days been pretty good for Jared Allen. On 11 29 24, he got engaged to Haley Stanfield in 2 6 25. He won his very first N-F-L-M-V-P on 3 9 25. He agreed to the riches con richest contract in NFL history.


Six years, 330 million if I'm not mistaken. Ocho, he gets Yeah, a hundred million. No, that was, that's what you call him contract. How much he got. He got 143 million. How much you got guaranteed fully 2 50 50. I'm thinking about Miles Gar two 50. Yeah. So that passes to Deshaun's two 30. Remember Deshaun got 2 32 30. Yeah. Guaranteed. Basically he got his whole contract guaranteed. Yeah. Yeah. He got all with 80 million of He is guaranteed. Yep. You, you notice, you notice something. We talked about a few shows. Josh Allen, I keep saying Jared Allen. Josh Allen. Yeah. I remember we talked about something not too long ago. When it comes to quarterbacks, yes.


Every time they get married, every time they get engaged, You know that everything else they got going on Fall place. See that stuff, stuff around Ocho, Dick. I mean, it's, it's, it's, I don't know if it's, if it's part of tradition, if it's something that they have in a, in a clause, if it's part of some type of ceremony, every single one of them that get married or gets engaged or that has a partner that is a, the, the face of a franchise, which Josh Allen is, and there's some other examples as you can probably say once I'm done talking that I can't think of right now off the top of my head. You know the Bradys, You know the Peyton Mannings, the Drew Brees. Oh, the Max Stafford.


I mean, I can keep, I can keep going on and on. A common denominator is marriage. A woman seeing you just for some reason it seems like everything else in life, once you do that part, everything else just falls right in line. Well, so what does, what, so what does that tell you? You and I need to do? Yeah. Keeps you out the streets. Keeps you from chasing, you hold studying. You got a confidant, you got somebody that's, that's there for you. That you can come home, you can vent, you can vent to when things are not going well. They understand your situation. Babe, look, I a, I'm trying to be one of the, I'm trying to be one of the best, if not the best to have ever played this game. Mm. I need as little distraction as possible. Now there are gonna be days I come home and I had a bad day at work and I'm gonna be able to bring that home to you babe.


And hopefully you understand. But babe, you and I can never be at a pro, be in a situation where I take you to work. It can never get that bad. I'm gonna need you to understand baby. They gonna be, there gonna be games where I don't play well and I'm gonna be moody as hell. Baby. Understand. Don't take that as, take that. Don't take it as anything but love. Don't take it. But anything but love baby. 'cause I do love you. But this is a very physically demanding, this is a very emotionally demanding and this is a very psychologically demanding game. Yeah, it is. It it plays with your mental Yeah. And baby all I ask you to be patient with me, that's all. And look, look at the reward.


Look at the, look at the reward with patience. Yeah. Unbelievable. But Listen, most guaranteed money, ocho, we get before you finish your thought. Most guaranteed money, Josh Allen. 250000002nd most guaranteed money. Desha Watson, 230000003rd most guaranteed money. Dak Prescott 2 29 0.4. Joe Burrow. Two 19. Allen becomes the first player in the NFL history. Recorded at least 25 touchdown passes. 10 touchdown runs with fewer than 10 interceptions in a single season. He finished the season 28 rushing. 28 passing touchdowns, 12 rushing touchdowns, six interceptions in recent.


Dave, the bills Josh Allen, six years, three 30, Gregory Russo, four years, 80 million. Terrell Barnard, four years, 50 million Khalid Shaki. Four years, 53 million. So you see what they're doing. They're rewarding the players that they drafted keeping it together because you gonna, if, if if you go outside, you see to get a a miles gar, you see what you had to play? Oh yeah. You gotta put two, you gotta put two of that, that that 180. You gotta put two of that together. If you go get a linebacker, you see what you gonna have to pay. You go get a wide receiver. You see what you have To pay what you call just got Devonte just got two years at 50, at 52 million.


Got four years at 53. So if I can keep my players and I can keep and I can get 'em, but you see, oh Joe, you see quarterback Josh gotta have four years on this deal. Yeah. They make that go all the way to the, they made what you call it play all the way damn near to the end of this contract. Chase. They under, they understand. They, they know they, You know who you can play with and You know who you can't But see, but Harry, what happened? You know what? Now you see what happened. Now the GM for the, your Bengals said at the combine. Yeah. Mark Chase is gonna be the highest paid non quarterback. Now I don't know if he noticed the past two days.


Yeah. What the two quarter two nine quarterbacks got now. Oh yeah. I told you Chase was going for north of 40 because that's, that's just what Miles Gary just received. DK Metcalf was traded for a second rounder to the Pittsburgh Steelers. The teams are flipping picks in the sixth round and seventh round as well. In 2025. He was set to be in his final year of his contract. But DK is signing a new five year, $150 million contract making the deal the largest in franchise history in terms of new money. Steelers wide receivers now, George Pickens, Calvin Austin II DK Met Metcalf finished in the top 10 among Qua 138 qualified players in yards per reception in 2024.


Alec Pierce was number one at over 22 yards. Jameson Williams, seven over 17 yards. Rashad Bateman at about 17 yards. AJ Brown was 16 yards. Calvin Ridley 16 yards. Pickens was 15.3 and DK was 15 and Calvin lost was 15.2. So they got three guides that are big play potential. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. And listen, this is what I like Brother Arthur Smith. You ain't got to do much. Sometimes you get players on your team that make your job a lot easier as officer coordinator Who throwing the ball? Me And you. Man. Listen, you, we, we talk about DK Pickens together as a duo. I don't care if the Sisters of the Northw quarterback for the Steeler, you getting them boys who Throwing the ball?


Me or you. But you ain't, you ain't hear what I said. Yeah. It could have been one of the Sisters of the North, one of the nuns. You got George Pickens And you got Dk Metcal as the officer coordinator. It's not hard. You don't have to make things complicated. Yeah. Understand your skill and the receiver that you have and put them in position to make plays. Okay. If it wasn't that hard, why was George Pickens always upset? Oh 'cause they, they, they didn't know how to get involved. Well you said it don't matter. Oh no. I'm telling you how easy it is for me as a receiver. Now I have, they ain't got nothing to do with what, what they, they got an offense. They got a offense. But even You had trouble getting the ball sometimes, didn't it? Me. Oh yeah. Yeah. Lemme tell you something. Eight K Funk. I know you had them games like that, them games.


You're going, you're going to play. And the defensive coordinator saying, You know what, I don't come hell or high water. He not to beat us. Hey, He not beat me. Not, not today. I I hate those kind of days. And you ha you have to weather the storm. Yes. Obviously George Pickers being young, he didn't understand that. But he, he, he had his fair share of those games. And George Pickett looking like, hold on, wait a minute now what, what, what about what, what, what, what about me? Oh, hey listen dude, remember I remember I told you remember I I told you I talked to Pickers. Right? Remember I told you? Yeah. I guarantee he don't have no problem this year. I hope not, but I guarantee Wait, listen to me. You trust me. You ain't gonna have from, from pick even if he doesn't get a contract extension this year after he plays this year out with no issues.


Watch what it get next year. Yeah. PE gonna be all right because it is money time now. Ain't no time to play with your bag. You work too hard to get to the point you at now. You know, you've had your ups and downs so far early in your career. You know, we've had a, a conversation and with great understanding, they not gonna give you too many chances. But there too many opportunities for people that are waiting right behind you. You can't, you can't blow, you can't blow the chance. 'cause you are only going, you only gonna get so many opportunities. But he, he gonna be all right. He gonna get his money. He might not get it this year. You know, this, this would be somewhat of be trial year to see if you can for one, You know, do the things the right way. Not be a distraction, be on time, You know, and show up week in and week out with a positive mindset and contribute hard all the time and get the job done.


Then you, you'll be rewarded on the back end. I mean, pretty soon. Watts going want a like, hold on bro. Man, y'all see what all these guys got? Wait, Who? TJ Watt. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hold on. I TJ Wat in top three, in the top three of his position there and getting paid. He aint Got no guarantee money. He probably got no where TJ Watt, he probably got the guaranteed money on it. Not no more. No, not no more. And what happens when guys don't have guaranteed money? They start with requesting Phantom trades. That's the, see, that's the quick way to get some money. Ocho. Yeah, It it, I'm leaving.


Okay, babe. I'm gonna do right. Yeah, it it worked, it worked for Miles Gary, didn't it? Yeah, but I think he meant that though. He meant that he, he was, he was dead serious. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from all and Cottonelle and Dinner Essentials from Daisy, Skippy, Hellmans, and Barilla plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois,


This Valentine's Day celebrate every love story with Pandora. Whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's Versatile Designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gin and tail core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com. Lenovo Lenovo.