
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Memorial Day Doorbuster deals are here at Lowe's right now. Rewards members. Save $80 on the Master Forge four burner gas grill now. Just 1 49 plus rewards members. Save $900 on the Lowe's exclusive High Cents French door refrigerator. Now only 9 99. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 26 Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details, programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms Subject to change.


Hi, It's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Deto handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Let Your imagination take flight with an AI powered PC from Lenovo. Whether it's creating digital art, designing new software, or building a portfolio for a future career. Our PCs are powered by Intel core ultra processors to help students unlock smarter learning and unleash their creativity. That's the power of Lenovo with Intel inside. All you have to do is choose the one that fits your passion. Head to lenovo.com to shop a IPCs and find your perfect companion. Plus get 5% off when you create an education account.


The volume NFL exec Vincent announces a new end of the year award Protector of the year. Recognizes the best offensive lineman each year. Credit Dion, Dawkins and others for champion the Cause. Ocho, who do you got winning the first one? Who do I have winning? Yep. If anything, I would say he's at Dion Dawkins. Right? And right title. Right title for for the evil.


I'm going, I'm going Trent Williams Or, or, or big what? Call it right Title Lane Johnson. Okay. Lane Johnson. Or, or Dion. Or Dion. I'm going. Tristan Wirth might have something to say about that. Beth. Tackle, tackle Died Town. Listen, I I, I understand that, but I'm saying what Dion Dawkin was able to do in that goddamn damn Dion Johnson. Trent Williams missed a few games. We, we know how great Trent is. I didn't say Trent's name simply 'cause he missed a few games. We, we knew what he can do. But I think from, from a point of standpoint of being dominant all season long, man, what Dion Dawkins was able to do, and Leon Johnson, two, two tremendous players. So if there there's a protective the year this year or this past season, I would, I would go with those two.


Oh Browns fans are upset. Something the mayor said, Cleveland Mayor Justin Bibb says, I don't care if the Browns leave Cleveland. There are more important priorities than the Cleveland Browns. Hey. Yeah. Everybody says that until they leave St. Louis. You know, St. Louis said that too. Yeah. Until they left. And then Arizona left. Oh, we want another team. And then guess what? The Rams came and then they left as the city of St. Louis. Would they like to have another N franchise? Absolutely. Yeah. You know what it does for that? The rate Oakland, man, we don't care. They went to la Come back, come back, come back. They went back. We don't care if y'all leak as Oakland.


Do they want Ce? Absolute. If you understand what it does for the economy, having a team, having a franchise in your city, you'll understand. Be careful every network, be careful what you wish for Every network OCHO gave up. The N-F-L-C-B-S gave it up. NBC gave it up. A BC. Monday night Football used to come on A B, C Remember that too? Absolutely. They gave it up. I remember the theme song, Oh Lord. How we now look at what they paying Netflix, Amazon. Now, I don't know if y'all notice, but keep an eye on when these con when these are in 2030, don't be surprised if your Sunday football is on Netflix and Amazon.


Mm. They got they. The NFL don't cut nothing by no loyalty. Now I understand N NFL's been on CBS for a long period of time. I know these ga I'm telling you, they got hoards of Money, lots of it. Hordes of money. Top dollar. Hey, hey, hey. You ever think about that? Can you imagine if we had the kind of money Joe? Like Who, what you mean ha us have that kinda money? Like I don't want that kinda money. Like Netflix. Yeah, no. Like Amazon. What if, Hey, what if we had money like Jeff Bezos? Oh no. Come on O Joe. Man, y'all, y'all would know how to ask me. Oh no, I'm, listen Joe, I'm, I'm well off and I'm rich now.


Boy, you couldn't hit me in the ass with a red apple. You know what I'm saying? Don't you gonna gimme a quarter a bill, Joe, man. Hey, Hey Joe, I don't, I don't really do much and I'm, I'm, I'm good now. I've been good for a long time. I Tell you what, too much Joe. So if you, Savannah, I'll tell you what, if You gave me much, much more than what I have now, I mean I probably gonna do mean much more. I'm gonna still be gaming. I'm still be McDonald's Probably. You probably have a couple more car. I tell you what, Savannah State gonna have the best gonna have the best HBCU football team. They gonna have the best band. They gonna have the best academic program. I guarantee you that. I can't guarantee you a whole lot else.


Right. But I guarantee you Savannah State will be the h would be the, the equivalent of Harvard, Yale, Princeton, of HBCUs. I can tell who, whoever, whatever programs that they do have, whatever the, at Harvard president of Yale, I'm going to give it. Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, I I would, I would probably do the same. Obviously never have an opportunity to go to fam but having such a love and enthusiastic passion for the school in general. But I I do the same. Huh? I I would have, I have family looking like a college university. It'd be better than that. Absolutely. Better than that. Best uniforms, best coaches. Hey, best food treatment facilities, amenities. Hey, hey.


I'm going to get Nick Saber. Nick sa I got 20 million, I got $20 million. Nick Saber five years, a hundred million dollars. Hey, they got Nick Saber coaching at Savannah State. You're damn right. Hey boy. Hey. I, I, I, I have, I flipped Tallahassee upside down, man. And I'm going to get the coach at, I'm going to get the coach at Connecticut. I got $12 million a you year for you. I'll be, Hey, I, I'm spinning man. I got 200 billion. That's, that's too much, Man. Please, GLI. Hey Taal. Oh yeah. We got the best track program. We got the best everything. Oh, absolutely. Hey, You know, You know what I, You know, I would wanna do Unc if I, if I had Jeff Bezos type money, I would wanna own a team.


I would wanna own a team. You want, you want to own one Own a football team. Yeah. Like, I, I like, I don't want to be Well, you would've to overpay the get, You know that. I know. Right. But you got that kind of money, so you don't really Care. Yeah, but I, I, I, I would I see him doing that at some point. Don, Can y'all see Jeff Bezo getting, getting a, any a sports franchise? He, he had opportunity. He could have bought, he him in, he could have brought the Broncos. He could have bought Washington lady. They won't let him in. Huh? He, he, I don't, I don't think he really wanted. He Probably, he probably waiting for, for hell. Oh, what you mean? Did they let the Walton just brought the Broncos? He worth a hundred plus billion. Ah. Hey. I just, I don't want, I honestly, ocho I don't, I don't want no franchise.


I just go like, Hey, set the kids up. Hey, this is all y'all get. Y'all blow this you outta gas, but you outta gas. I'm sorry but man, I'm too charitable. There'll gonna be a lot of kids. There gonna be a lot of kids. Hey Glenville High School A you graduate when you wanna go to college. Four years paid for. Yeah. I like that. Hey, You've been thinking about some of this ain't your aunt? Oh yeah, for sure already. I already got, I already got what? I already got that money speak. Man. Your a they already know how I do after you as track and field Athletes of the World Championships.


Oh yeah, man, I gave out about 700,000. Did you? Yeah. Was it Olympics or the World Championship? Olympics. Olympics, yeah. Win the gold medal break. A world record. Yeah. Oh, don't forget me. I wasn't on that too now. Yeah. What I'm saying. Hey, Joe, You know, we, we, we, we bless him a little bit. We bless him. Okay. Okay. Okay. Southern Hey, we went down to Southern. They they performed. Hook him up. Hook him up. Yeah. I, I, Hey, I, I like, like I said, they God know what he do. He, he know not to gimme no 200, 200 billion. 'cause he already know. Damn. Hey listen, You know, I think our, our chances of greater are getting that kind of money are really, really good.


Because he knows how hard he know what we gonna do with that money. Yeah. So I'm, I'm going, I'm helping everybody. I I'm helping people. I'm gonna like, in the natural disaster, like the fires or hurricane. Oh yeah. What y'all need. Hey, hey Joe, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go play the lotto tomorrow. I'm, I'm, I don't, I'm just feeling lucky. Listen, listen. If the Indiana Pacers could win a game like that tonight down what? 12, 14 for two minutes on the clock? Yeah. Oh, Joe Playing a lot O Joe. Okay. I'm a hit, I'm a hit and I'm gonna get me a property. Oh, I tell you what I am gonna do.


I'm gonna go to Nashville and I'm gonna buy me a farm. And I'm gonna have me some mini horses, some mini cows, some mini goat. Hold on, hold on. Why Nashville? Why not go to Houston? Because I, I don't, oh, no. I wanna be out. I don't wanna be. No, absolutely not. No. It's gonna be trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble. Yes. I want many horses. I want many cows. I want some mini goats. I want me some dogs. I want me some animals. Like raccoon. Possums. I want pets. You want some raccoon? A possums? Yeah. For pets. I'm with you with the animals. But the raccoon a possum. I can't do the raccoon, but I want a raccoon so bad, man.


Hey, lemme tell y'all something. When I played the University of Arkansas on the Nolan Richon, he had a farm. He still got a farm. He still live on the same farm. And he had horses. He had great danes. And this man has deers that walk around the yard in the house like they dogs. Deers for Real Deer. Man. I'm, I'm 17, 18 years old on his farm. You know, he used to throw all these events for, for the team, for the players. Yeah. Fight us over his wife, cook God rest her soul. She just passed away not long ago. But man, I've never seen a deer walk up to you and let you pet him and rub him. Yeah. Look, they all run together. The deers the great Danes.


He got horses. He had four wheelers. He had to hold knives over there. Oh man. We should go over there and have a ball. Yeah, that's what I, that's what I'm gonna get. That's what I'm gonna get. But the Browns look, Browns Club. I understand, I understand. Mayor. Sometimes the, these owners try to squeeze you and add taxes, hotel taxes, and sell taxes and things and make you pay for the stadium. And, You know, a three, 4 billion, You know, two, $3 billion stadium. Hey, you like, that's not, that's not what I want to use the citizens of Cincinnati for. Yeah. But if I, You know, if I had that kind of break, You know, I got, Jimmy has 'em.


I mean, he's got good money. He don't have money. Like, You know, the top 50 people in the world. Right. But You know, Ocho, you got 250 billion. I built my own stadium. Yeah, Man. I mean, bro, when you got, when you got $200 billion, what's 5 billion? It's like giving, it's like you o ocho that's like you right now. Just giving away by $10. Yeah. Ba basically, basically make Yeah, you, you making that kind of, making that kind of revenue. It's reoccurring. And he is still getting it every year. It's not, it's not like he, it is not like he, he lost five. It ain't going bro.


Laugh. Hey, Amazon, knock on my door by five, ring my doorbell by five times a day. You have time's going crazy. Yeah. So we gonna have to get in contact with old Bezo. I got got, I got, I got, I got his number. You got his number. You Know, You know me and me and the commission like this. And so the connection between the commission, it was able to, to link me with Mr. Bezos. And, You know, my, my, You know how I am, man, man, gimme your number, man. Just in case, You know, I, I keep that. Yeah. Just keep in touch. I might need you for some business or something. Just keep that tucked away. Don't, yeah. I, I ocho the NFL needed 24 votes to ban the Tush Push.


They got 22. Here are the 10 teams. Here are the 10 teams that voted against the Tush Push bands, obviously the Eagles, Ravens, Browns, lions, Jags, dolphins, Patriots, saints, jets, Titans, Every team that didn't vote, every team that chose not to vote against the Tush Push. I salute you. I salute, I salute you. Because at this point, so every time there's a play or there's a situation or there's a scheme that we can't stop in the off season, we're gonna go vote against it. We're gonna find a way to stop it because we can't personally, or we just don't have the personnel to stop the Tush Push or we're gonna go vote.


Like, come on man. This is where the game has come to stop it. If you don't like something, Hey, when I played teams, coaches, media, they complain. He always celebrate when he, when he get in the end zone. Well, hell shit, stop it. That's all you want. Keep him out. That's what they say about, oh man, t get in the end zone. I said, y'all don't want t to dance. Keep out the end zone. It's Pretty, pretty simple. Same thing with the Tush Push. If you gonna keep my dims on, he going dance, he gonna do whatever he gonna do. He gonna grab pompoms, he gonna get popcorn. He gonna do whoever dance it. Is he gonna do it? If you don't want him to dance, keep my dims on. Simple. Simple as that. So when it comes to, when it comes to the Tush Push, keep him outta short. Keep, keep him outta the red zone. Keep him outta his third. Keep him out. Third one, third two, fourth one.


Yeah. There, keep go line. Problem call. Ocho always reported that tempers flared during the debates. Eagles honor Jeffrey Laur during a length lengthy speech on the Tush Push band called the Play A win-win for the team, regardless of whether it was banned, comparing their success, success to a, a wet dream for a teenage boy. Because it, boy, because it was so effective and it had to be outlawed. Laur also criticized. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and Executive Vice President Troy Benson for pushing to ban the play. After Laur finished, Vincent, who played for the, for the Eagles from 96 to oh three, called him out for using the term wet dream in front of women per percept worker sham.


And you gotta, you gotta choose your words wisely based on your surrounding. If it's all men in, if it's all men in the room, Bojo, It's okay. Yeah. It's like we're in the barber shop. Yeah. We talk openly. There's women, there's kids in there. Yeah. You change, We, we keep it Ping change the sentence structure. That's all, that's what I call it. Yeah. Change the sentence structure. And we, we, we, we get, You know, Hey, I, I, I don't really see the comparison because they didn't haven't outlawed that phase that a, a a a boy goes through. They haven't outlawed it that I don't think they're trying to outlaw it.


Ocho but I think, I think a part of me wants to understand what he was trying to say, but, Got it. I got, I got it. I, I didn't, I didn't get there. I didn't get there like he got there. I, I understood. We were trying to go with it. I was picking up what putting down. Right.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head To your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content's not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Prohibitions.


OCHO Fox released their top wide receiver duos heading in the next season. Number one, obviously Jamar Chase, Joe Burl. Number two, Dak Prescott, CD lamb number three. Jerry Goff. Mond Ross St. Brown. Number four, Jalen Hurtz. AJ Brown, number five. Matthew Stafford, pka. Kuah, number six, baker Mayfield and Mike Evans. Ty for seventh with Jayden. Daniel and Terry McClure. And along with Lamar Jackson and Zay Flowers. Number nine, CJ Stroud, Nico Collins, number 10, Tua and Tariq also receiving votes.


Honorable mention Josh Allen, Khal Shakur. Justin Herbert Lab McConkey. Trevor Lawrence, Brian Thomas, Jr. Jalen Hurtz, Devonte Smith. Joe Burrow, t Higgins. What did they get right? What did they get wrong? No, I wish I, I wish I had, I could have this. What was this on? Huh? Do You know what site this was on? It was on Fox. Fox. Hold on, hold on. Fox Sports. Hold on. It's on the screen though. I don't, the screen is so small. You can see that. Yeah. You click on it, You can click on it On the screen on that. No, you can't.


Nah, you Can't, you can't. I'm talking about the make it big on your own world. On what he looking at. Can you do That? Oh, you looking at it? Oh, Joe. Yeah, it's right here. It's right above your head. But You know, it's like, like You can't double tap, you can't double tap that screen and make it pop up big on your, on your screen right there. Oh shit. It made it smaller. Well, hey, get some, hey, get some bigger eyes. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me see if I can make it bigger. Damn, I can't, nah, now I'm, I'm going back through. Damn. I can't, I can't see it. Let me see. Based on what I know, I know they got Joe, right? I know they got Joe right now. They said, they said duos. We, we talking about quarterback number one.


Receivers. Jamal is up there. Number two. Number two, I would've Jack And CD Lamb. That's right, ain't it? Who? Jack and CD Lamb. Yeah. All right. Yeah. I mean, who is that? Who is that at number three J Jerry Goin, Mond Ross Saint Brown. That's, That's a good one. So what they got the Eagles at four. Eagles at four with Jalen Hurst and AJ Brown, Matthew Stafford and pka. KU at five. Okay. Baker Mayfield and Mike Evans at six J. Ash just texted to you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Ash. So I, so I, I get, I I can see it a little better. Thank you, mama.


Okay, now we're talking, You know what this the, the order, the order. This, this is about right. This, this is right. This is right. Yeah. And, and was was, was was not fair obviously, because AJ Brown doesn't get as many opportunities as Aran Aman Ross, St. Brown. I would, I would, I would've kind of flipped that and I would put Baker Mayfield in front of Pook Naco and Matthew Stafford. And I put Matthew Stafford and PCA naco at, at six. And I put Baker Mayfield and Mike. Evan. Evan at five. Mike, Evan, the Jane Dames is okay. It was their first year.


Lamar Za Flowers is perfect. Nego Collins. Well, Nick Collins and C Dra deserve to be up a little higher. I Think you wanna put in front Of Yeah, I'm, I'm putting, I'm putting CJ Shroud and Nico Collins at seven. I'm putting him at seven. So really, really, at, at seven you could have, and I don't like the fact that Tyre and Tour, just because they had the off season, they, they all the way down at 10 because when they on fire, he just, So who you gonna put him in front of? So coming into this year, where you gonna put him? I'm alright. Coming into this year for the sake of them having a down season because the tourist injuries last year, he, we, we, we can keep him at 10, but we know when two and Tika is on, you already know what type of production that is.


Yeah. But we saw Brian Thomas. We, Hey, I, I don't know who gonna be what you call him because I mean, just imagine if Malik nabs had a quarterback And he still had a great year. Mm, He had 109 catches. He had a Great year. But hold on, You know who not on here, which I don't understand why not on here. Probably, probably because of Trevor Lawrence. That goddamn Briant Thomas Jr. Now he, Brian Thomas Jr. Should be on here. De despite having With who, with who is quarterback it. That's the point. It don't even matter who his quarterback is. Look at his numbers as a rookie damnit Boy down there, down there in that adult ballet room.


Yeah. Little nose, snotty and everything. I guess Lu, I guess Luxury. Luxury gave you, You know, Look, look, he can't even get together over there. You know, we can see you right Ocho Oh Shit. Little further off screen. Oh Shit. The other way. Yeah. Alright. My bad. Ocho the cat says the Cowboys are number two for clickbait. Chad thinks they're too high, right? No, they're not too high. They, they not too high. Even if you don't like the Cowboys, even if you don't like the Cowboys and the defense, You know, is horrible.


They always losing the first round of playoffs. Now we talking about from a quarterback and receiver standpoint of production that those two put up together, especially last season. They had a great year together last year and that No, that was year before last. You remember that got hurt last year? That was year before last. Yeah, year before last. What? When cd when CD led the league in Kicked. Well, matter of fact, if that's what we gonna do, if that's what we gonna do and they gonna put him at number two. Well hell, the year before last Tyreek went, went was, was, was the animal. So they, What they said, they, they saying coming in, but they're basing it on coming into this season. Where do you think that this season? Well, Oh, They're looking at Dak is held back healthy and he has someone opposite of CD that you can't double it.


Right. Okay. I, I, I understand. I understand. I I like this though. I like this though. I would, I would Ocho did you see this video, Aaron Donald with 130 pound dumbbells. Ooh, I see. Look at this. How many reps do you Think you would do with these? One 30, maybe eight at most. I mean, I, I'm just being honest. Maybe eight at most. Damn You can do something with them. 1 36, 7, 8. Nah, Got nine. He playing around. Man, I You know your boy. I ain't, I ain't what I used to be Joe.


You said what I do. I had them. How many I do remember I did, I had 1 32 and a half. Yeah I did 1 32 and a half. I did those for 10. Hey look, when you done playing, when you done playing, that's a part of you that kind of sticks with you. Especially if you love like staying in shape. Yeah. Hey yo. Not all of 'em do that Joe. I know, I know. Not all. You See some of them boys now. You'd be like, well what happened to you? I know, I know, I know. Hey, like, hey, there's some dbs and running back look like D-line and o line. I'm like, I always want, I always said I wanted like if a father and son were to see me, like He used to be an NFL player, right Player.


Oh, I can see he played tight end. Okay. Okay. I can see that. Yeah. I didn't wanna look like a d lineman. I didn't wanna look like an offensive lineman. I wanted to look like, okay, people look at me, they say, oh you, you played a sport, what you play? Right. I can tell some of 'em, man. Hey yeah, nah, nah, it's some guys out here that kind of just let go. Yeah. And I, I'm never, I'm never with that. I'm, I'm a guy who always loved being in shape, You know what I mean? Like I, I enjoy that part of it. So I enjoy the grind. I embrace the grind actually. And it's a, it, it is fun to me man. So when I see Big Aren don out there throwing them, them one thirties around, I'm like damn, he ain't even playing no more. That man's still out there getting it. Yeah. I, I, I mean for me, I mean the, the, to to, they just hold lifting that heavy weight just hold too much weight on me Joe.


He just hold, Hey, matter of fact, hey Joe, I be trying, if I tried, if I tried to get down on the two 50, I gotta let them, I gotta let, I can't go over a hundred. Yeah. Because my ego won't let me stop. And Joe, I'm here, I'm gonna hit them one 30 for you in the morning, Joe. You know I'm, I'm, I got my gym session at at at 6:00 AM I'm gonna hit them one 30 for you. Man. You gonna hit them one 30. That's how you, you coming like that? Yeah, Joe. You know I, I gotta play around with them hundreds. I just, You know, I post them hundreds all the time. On, on, on Twitter and Instagrams. So I'm gonna go up tomorrow. See, see, see what I'm looking like, see what I can do All, not Much. You ain't doing the one 30. That's bet you won't bet Now put put some money on it.


Bet How many times? How many times you going hit it? None. Zero. I want to know because when I see you, when I see you trying to toss, toss in one 30 is around. I want to see how many times. I mean how many times you telling me you gonna hit that one 30? Not one. Hey, hey Joe, I told you I gonna Do it. Hey, on Twitter you could, somebody will send it to you. Right? People in the chat, they'll see you, me playing around with hundreds doing 10, 15. So if I could do 10, 15 with a hundreds incline or d decline, what you think I'm gonna do with the one s? I'm, I, I don't know. I haven't did one 30 in a minute. I'm nothing. Okay. You won't be. Yo, we gonna see tomorrow, Joe. I'm I'm, I'm gonna send it to you all. Alright. I real, I'm real strong.


I just, I'm scrawn it though. You hear me? Yeah. You always been like that. Like you probably can't pick up a lot of weight but you man. But my body won't expand the way I want it to expand. You feel me? Like right now, like right now is probably my biggest I ever been like right now I'm about, honestly about about 1 9 6. Yeah. About 1 9 6. And I, and I, I can't get, I can't go over that Joe. I got a problem eating three meals a day. So look, even if even the way you eat, you ain't got no, you, you can't pick up no weight. No man Joe. That's my problem. My baby be trying to get me to eat three times a day, Joe. I eat one meal a day. I'm good the whole day. Yeah, the whole day don't care.


Nothing about nothing else. I'm on the game. I take me a nap, get ready for the show and she be like, did you eat? I'd be like, damn, no. One big meal one day and I'm good and I'm satisfied the whole day. Smoke my cigar, get my coffee and I'd be set if I, if I was able to be a little bit more disciplined and structured and actually eating three meals a day, You know, breakfast, lunch and dinner, workout, You know, creatine and protein, all that. Nah, no. I just get up, go to the gym, eat that breakfast after that and I'm done. The rest of cake good. Yeah. But You know, back in the, back in the day, Joe, I used to mad look here when I was playing at 2 28, I could handle a hundred.


Those seven seventies. I did the hundred seventies for six. Damn. Yeah, It's too, because I used to work. I used to, like when I first went to Baltimore, yeah. I would work out by myself 'cause I ain't really know anybody and I ain't really trust nobody in the spot. And You know, a lot of times I work out by myself and it is, I took, I took four, five down, did it six times by myself. Sound like It. I probably coulda got seven. But I al I always, when I work out, I always leave one in the chamber. Yeah. Always. You, especially by yourself, you, you messing around. Oh, Always. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I can't, can't afford to get stuck with 4 0 5 on me. So I got six.


I was like, I thought about, I contemplate. I said nah, let me go ahead rack it. See and then like in, in football, You know, y'all, y'all y'all like real bulky. Yeah. You know what I mean? Basketball, we real lean. Yeah. You, you don't need all that, that strength. It mess your shot of all that strength in your shoulders. Yeah. And because we do so much running, it is hard to keep that type of muscle on. So when I see honest and, and and, and and Shay and how they all cut up and ripped up. Man, that shit that take a lot of work man. Yeah. Yeah. That take a lot of work. And I would stay, I would stay strong Joe. I would stay strong probably till about week 12, week 13 until my shoulders start getting really sore.


'cause I was still do, I can still do up until probably week 14, 15. I still could do like three 15 for like 12 Mm. Man. That's how I probably, I could still handle like 120 pound dumbbells for like eight. Hey that's after that. I, that's, that's squat waiting for me. 404 15. Three 15. They're squat waiting for me. Yeah. OCHO College, C-P-F-C-F-P College football playoffs executive unanimously adopted a move to straight seeding for this year's playoffs and a call today teams will be seated directly one through 12 eliminated the concept designated for top four seeds from conference champs ocho you like this?


Say that one more time. Bring that back to me. So in other words, what they did last year, they took the conference champions and they ranked those teams. So they've got 1, 2, 3, 4 rankings. Now there's no more, it doesn't matter right? You get ranked one through 12, whether you are a conference champ or not. The top four teams will get a buy. Can still get a buy. Right. But it's not like Ohio State got a buy because they won, You know, they won the big, You know, the big 10. Right. Whomever else, I forget who. Boise State I think gotta buy. Who else gotta buy? I can't think off the top of my head. Maybe Texas. No. Was Geor Georgia. Maybe it was Georgia.


They gotta buy. I'm not sure though, but I'm saying but Right. So but moving forward, there'll be no more if you are a conference champion now that solidifies you to get one of the top four Cs. No, it's all 12 teams make the playoff. Right. And just because you're a conference champion, that doesn't mean you're gonna get the buy. Yeah, I, I don't like that. Obviously winning conference champ, winning conference champ should come with some type of Benefit. Yeah, I mean I obviously especially, especially especially get being able to have a buy, having the buy and achieving, You know, winning a conference championship should come with something and just, just having the seeding one to 12 and just having to get, listen, some people might like it, some people would not.


I would love to know how the players feel about it. And I would love to know how the coaches feel about it, about this new format. Obviously there's always money behind everything that they do. For sure. And I'm sure the way this format works is so those, it's a, it is a bigger slice of the pie for everybody. I hate the Vegas on Joe. Look, everybody gonna buy anyway. It's not like when they make the play. You play the next week ojo the kid's. 17, 18, 19. Yeah. Then you make it say like, them joke is 32, 33. Yeah man, Mitchell, do you remember when you was that age what you could do? Run all day, Play a football game Friday night and be ready to play another one.


Saturday night. Saturday? Yeah. Shit. Hell and play Sunday too. Shit. Yeah. So these kids, I mean that's why they can rob 'em. That's why they practice 'em like they practice 'em. You could hit all, I mean we hit all the time in college when I was in college. Yeah. Oh yeah. We, we hit, hit. Listen, I-I-I-I-I don't know. I like the the format whether I like it or not. I just know from a financial standpoint it makes sense. Yeah. I just know I don't, I don't know how they did it, but it makes sense from somebody getting Joe. I'll be honest with Joe. I don't, I don't really remember being sore when I was in college. Do you remember being sore after playing a game?


My shoulders a little bit, but not my legs. Nah, not really. We didn't and we didn't have no cold tub. So. Well, there you go. You gonna get in. I mean I remember one tub, I, I'm trying to think who we played. Oh, we played Morehouse. I'd never forget it. Yeah, my sophomore year we played Morehouse, we lost, coach Davis came in that thing. He said hey. He said I ain't even mad at y'all. He say I, he say it is my fault. I'm looking at him like you ain't you. He say it's my fault 'cause I brought you, sorry both foes up here.


He say since your uniform ain't dirty right now and ain't nobody play. He say I got a good mind. I said I should make all you sorry ends. We had one white boy on the team. Right. He said, I ain't talking about you Holmes. He say, he said I should make all you sorry, sorry, ends walk except sharp and squirrel. Squirrel with the other receiver on the other side. He said, everybody else you'll buy, you'll make y'all walk back to Savannah. We in Atlanta. He said, but since y'all ain't hit nobody today, put that issue on tomorrow and I see y'all at the field at one o'clock.


Y'all had practice the next day Practice. And, and I game uniform. Hey man, I Hey man, hey black Hollywood different back. I, I don't know how it is now with Joe because that was 40 years ago for me. But I'm telling you Bill Davis, they play Bill Davis got butter from a duck. Oh yes sir. Yes sir. Bill Davis say I got, I gotta trim the fat. I gotta trim the fat. Yeah, That's fine. That was his, that was his favorite. We either go have one of the more hard ass practices on your, one of them three hour practices. Yeah, That was his thing. He called us up.


God damn home. I gotta trim the fat today. Fat. Oh Lord You gotta trim the fat. I gotta, I Love, hey I want nothing. I don't want nothing lean me. I don't want nothing. Lean me. Oh, he get it at you too. I like that. We start with them gases O ocho we start with gases over, over, back over, back over. Woo. I mean we, so we go all the way to seven. So you go over, that's one over back, that's two who over all the way to seven. Woo. And then you do calisthenics and then you stretch. I know y'all had to be in shape. Boy, boy, Boy.


Ocho there were the days. Yeah Them were the days Ocho and you talking about that. Hey, anybody from that area, Savannah know how hard it gets. They know how hard it get in the end of July and August. Yeah. I was like, man, I used to ask with my bro, I called my brother and tell him said, man what we all we did he said, I said man, it's like that in the nfl. He is like, nah, because Joe, You know I you think I know how much we ran in high school. Right. So obviously natural. I think I'm gonna run at at least that even more in college. Yeah. So I'm thinking the next level I would run just like that. Absolutely not.


But Dan Reeves, Dan Reeves learned from Coach Landry. Ocho you jumped off outside, you had to run 400, you had to run 400 meters. Jumping off sides Offside. Any mistake that you made jumping off sides four oh meters. Man, Ocho, you remember I told you your boy gone, You know what I'm saying? Ocho ah man. One day I had to run Ocho. I ain't gonna lie, Ocho. One time I had to run, I had to run a mile. Oh man. And I stayed off. I'm like, damn.


I like, man, I had had me think Ocho, I had, I got so tired Ocho, You know, you get tired. You, You know, I'm like, are they changing the snap count on Me? Yeah. You, They telling me one thing and it's on something else because I could have swore I heard one. Right. But boy, there them was the days Ocho, man, I, I'm telling you man, bill and my homeboy Buck was talking about that man Bill didn't play man. Yeah. Bill did not play that. Ooh. Like damn, You know they, they got a team too. They, I'm sure they practiced and met and did all those things, but teams we was supposed to beat and we didn't beat. Yeah. Boy, that next week practice gonna be something Mo and that was back in the day Ocho, that was back in the day we had Oklahoma, we had Bull in the ring.


Hey I remember that. I remember Oklahoma drills Bull in the ring. Hey, You know, hey, You know o' sha You know OCHO had 'em Sleeves all tied up. Ocho, they see osha. Yeah. I ain't, I I did bull and ring Oklahoma drill. I'm talking about this as a little kid. I ain't do it at No, No. We did that in college. Oh yeah. I ain't, we ain't do that in college. Oh. But how, see it was fun when you was a kid because you wanted, you pride yourself on being the toughest. Hey. Oh, so you get that baby turn around you, hey he done gave somebody a number. You don't know who it's, hey, you get the feet going. Yep. Ah. And it was the days, bro.


I mean in the NF in the NFL we did it. It was more so a receiver blocking drill. But it, it was still yeah concept. It's still Oklahoma drill. But yeah, it wasn't laying down. It just, You know, up a, Yeah because a lot of times mojo, You know, sometimes when we had force, you push the corner and then you go crack the safety. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Drop that thump on the mojo. So we all made mistakes, right, but on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know


degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they ed up and I bring it back to og. Cool. Rush back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime.


Lot of ice. Refreshing, easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Good morning cruisers. Here's what's on deck for today. As your top shelf adventure continues, start with Sunrise Yoga with Amy Brown. Join the Bobby Bone Show for an exclusive behind the show q and a. Then head to the kitchen where Crook and Chase are cooking up country favorites from Nashville's biggest stars. And tonight Lee Rice takes the stage in our main theater. The top shelf country cruise setting Sale February, 2026. Brought to you by Signature Cruise Experiences. Book your state room now at top shelf country cruise.com.


The Browns crowded quarterback room O Joe could make for some awkward moments, but that's not been the case according to Sha George Sanders. Sha do said the vibe in the QB room is positive. Everybody's cool outside the room. People try to pit us against each other, but inside the room we know we're one. We're all different characters. It's funny going in there, seeing Joe every day. It's fun to see him because I like, wow, I really mean Joe Flacco right now we're on the same team. Then of course Kenny, the experience he's been in the league with these two is cool. And to see the process of it. And Deshaun, of course, he's active in there and he's all in the meeting. So it's cool talking to him. Why So yes, only one quarterback can play.


We understand that. So, because only one quarterback, this isn't Hunger Games, You Know, You know, I mean I, I think that, You know, people think so, I think sometimes don't your people try to pick like it's a Hunger Games, right? Like you could have only one winner. Yes. There's only gonna be one guy that's gonna be able to play at a time. But I'm not trying to sabotage it. I'm gonna go in there. Hopefully he can part impart some wisdom. Joe Flacco's made it this thing a very, very long time. What is this year? 17, 18 for Joe Super Super Bowl winning quarterback at, yeah. Gotta be at least 17, I think 2009 was the rookie year.


It was eight Two. Okay. Yeah. So this year, so this is your 17, this will be year 18. 18, okay. Yeah. So, hey, I I, hopefully I can get something from Joe Kenny Pickett's been in the league for a while. I don't know if I'm gonna get too much from him, but, You know. Hey, let's, let's, let's see how it goes. But Hey, So what, so so what is I, I'm just trying to figure out what it, what it's supposed to be. I understand Ocho when you in, when you in the wide receiver room. Yeah. I mean y'all didn't, it wasn't a whole bunch of three wide, there was two wide receivers. Yeah. Everybody wanted to play. I'm not trying to sabotage anybody so I can play in front of them. If you beat me out for the job, ain't gonna happen. But, we'll, you the best.


Yeah, most definitely. And we, we know, we know what the pecking order's gonna be. We know the pecking order's gonna beat we on what we saw from rookie at rookie camp after they got, after they got drafted. Listen, the eye test, it doesn't lie. And based on the eye test, when you've seen the quarterbacks that came in their rookie year, you already know who's the best you. You already know who it is. So Flaco iss gonna be the starter at some point. If Flacco's not playing well, Shado san will, Shado Sanders will step in and be the quarterback of the future. Yeah. That's just how it's gonna know it, it is how it always plays out every single time. Just not in this situation, in any situation. Maybe there, this one is a, a little bit, a little different because it is Shado.


He was the fifth round pick. He's very, very well known and his last name is Sanders. But these things like this happen all the time. It all plays out the same way. The cream always rises to the top. It never settles on the bottom. And if Ur is what he believes he is and his supporters believe he is, when the opportunity presents himself, he'll get in there and he won't look back. Same thing would happen with Tom Brady. Tom Brady came as the sixth round draft pick. He really, he didn't play his rookie year. And he was sitting at the bench start of his sophomore year. Guy gets hurt, he goes in and he doesn't look back. Lou Gehrig was not starting at first base.


Wally Pip was. And one day he had a headache and guess what Ocho he never got back on first base again unless he was d Hing. And I don't think they had the DH back then. So yeah, it happens. It is just when your opportunity, when the opportunity presents itself, that's what luck is. You know what luck is when preparation meets opportunity. Opportunity, Yeah. Yeah. If you are prepared, when the opportunity presents itself, doesn't matter whether it's in sports, whether it's in media, You know, people ask undisputed, well how are you bro? I just waiting for that opportunity.


I was prepared, I was prepared a lifetime. Yeah. My knowledge of studying and, and going over stuff and watching sports very intently. You hear cornbread say, man, damn, look how you breaking the game down? I wouldn't Think you breaking down like that. You a Laker fan, Right? Yeah. But when you watch and you study knowing that an opportunity gonna present itself because, You know, people don't plan to fail. They fail to plan. Right. So all I'm doing is hoarding information, studying, I'll be doing something, it's gonna come, it's gonna happen. And when it does be ready, we put this together, man, I think I I can, I can do my own thing. I could do this. I just need somebody to do, to bounce some, hey, that entertaining can bounce stuff off of man, don't you?


What you think about this man, you gonna do it? I wanna do it too. Yeah. Shit, Let's do it. But the opportunity, a lot of times people get opportunity. Ah, man, they, they messed over me. No, you wasn't prepared. You weren't ready. You weren't ready. And so, hey, now you gotta don't, when when things don't happen, don't blame somebody else. Yeah. I I I hate that. What could you have done differently? Yeah. What could you have done better? And You know, You know what I also hate, huh? Is when people know a situation, people know a situation is bad and they always find an excuse instead of doing what they need to do, instead of doing what's necessary to fix said situation, but blame everything else going on around 'em.


I thought that that irks me, that irk that Because it's easy to blame someone else than to blame yourself. Because if I were to put that on me ocho that means that something about me is wrong. Right? Yeah. Who wants to admit that there's something wrong with them? Yeah, yeah. Accountability. Yeah. I'd be the first to raise my hand in situations. A I put Shannon Shannon's done this. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm big, I'm big on accountability. Same. If I fuck up when You, you got to own, you have to own up to it. You have to. That's the only way to, and, and look, it happens. Don't beat yourself up about it too much. Hey, you are gonna go through those emotions like, damn, really?


But then, hey, pick yourself up. God is good and good and and bad. He's still God and good and and bad. So we'll see. We should do IIII just want him to get in there and when he gets us the opportunity, take the most of it. Oh, Joe, A lot has been made about Sam LaPorte's decreased production in the sophomore season with the lambs. La Porta was Target 120 times in 2023 and just 83 times in 2024. What they expect? That's 37. That's 37 fuel targets. What they, what they expect Uncle, you got Jameson Williams, you got a Mo Ross St. Brown, you got Jamir Gibbs, you got damn Montgomery in the backfield.


Well obviously, I mean Was so, and you got the guy, what was the guy that came from came from Denver. I forget his name. He played, yeah. So we saw his receiving yards and touchdown told, saw a dip. Laport defended himself against critics today using too many miles to feed in this argument. Oh, there we go. I felt like I stepped Yes, He said it. I mean you could see that from a mile away. Well, that's expected. So, So if, so I look when you got almond and Ralph Brown catching over. So how many people you think they can, they can throw, they can catch a hunter paws. You put a lot of, I mean yeah, Kelsey's numbers are down down, but obviously you see other people numbers tick up.


That's just the way it works. Yeah. I mean, so you want Mond Ross St. Brown, I mean he have the kitchen. Did he have like 1 10, 1 15. Okay, he gets one 15 now you want LA reports to have what? One 10, a hundred. Let's just say you want him to have 90. Okay. How many Jameson Williams get? How many you gonna throw the gi outta the backfield? I felt like I was still very polished receiver in the past game, but I keep hearing comments maybe like this. Obviously he is like, why do you get the ball as much? It's like, dude, we score the most points of any team in the NFL in the last five years. Like everybody deserves the ball. And I agree. I think I deserve the ball still, but I'm very pleased with high block last year in the run game.


See, you see how they try to pitch you against your teammates? Yeah. Always. Like you ain't get the ball. So that means if I, yeah, I should, yeah. They should be throwing me the ball. Yeah. I understand he had this, but they need to give me the rock. You see how they tried to do that? Ocho Always Winning ain't enough. I I, I feel bad for you guys 'cause it seems like me. Some of y'all had him on y'all fantasy team. That's probably what it was right there. That's what it seemed like to me. Getting, not getting the ball worried about that goddamn fantasy. You know what The fantasy or they parlay, You know the fantasy and parlay though. Everybody man, my you messed my parlay up. Yeah, Well I don't know what to tell you.


I ain't messed my game up. We won. That's all I, that's all I really care about. All that other stuff ain't like y'all gonna break me off. So when y'all break me up, when I scored three touchdowns and have a hundred yards, y'all say, Hey man, man you were my fantasy for me today. You were my parlor. Let me break you off something. Send me a little check. Yeah. All you do is say, Hey man, I remember that time you want me in my fantasy league. Okay, let me get something then. Oh man, you, you won. Yeah. Yeah. You told me that's what I did. Yes, Right. Chicago Bears head coach Ben Johnson is already tweaking. Caleb Williams mechanic issue the second year quarterback has adjusted his stance and is keep his left foot forward before the snap.


Ben Johnson says, I've done it a number of ways in my time in the league and really over the last few years, I kind of gravitated towards that is something that I feel pretty strongly about. He and I talked about it. The reason why we want to do it, I think it helps out certainly with the quick game from the gun and it helps us being a little bit better of throwing posture for like a lot of other things that we're asking him to do. Ojo The championship at some point in the next five to seven years. Everyone else, eh, not much. Very, Very Tennessee. Tennessee. Y'all ain't gonna get nothing. Jets ah, Falcons round.


Ooh No, no. That Cardinals, no. And this is no disrespect to those teams, but I'm just saying the, the makeup. The makeup and, and, and it's just, it's not happening. The bills, I can see it, the Bengals, I can see it. You know, there's certain things we, I mean obviously the Bengals need to do starting early, starting fast early in the season if they could, they've already been to a Super Bowl. They just didn't God win it so they can damn sure get back. The bills are right there. They were on the cusp of being there. So as long as, as long as Josh Allen is there, they will be back again. And contention every goddamn year. About your report surfaced today of Joe Milton dazzling in Cowboys practice.


Joe Milton freak his talents reportedly left his new teammates and coaches stunned. Despite no pads at recent cowboys practices. One NFL Scout reportedly believes Milton has the most live arm of any nf of any quarterback in the NFL and has a chance to flourish in the Cowboys QB room. Brian Schottenheimer is reportedly all in on Milton and believes the sky's the limit for Milton in the league. Since joining the Cowboys, Milton has reportedly been the hardest worker being the first one in the building and one of the last ones out on multiple occasions, Milton has reportedly already made some eye-opening throws, eye-opening plays, excuse me. Including, including an incredible throw and a 20 yard scramble.


O Joe is Jerry Putney reports out. Is is he the one that just got his back tattoo, just went on the anesthesia and got this tattoo? I think he just got a tattoo. It's a few players that did it too. This off season. It's a few of 'em. I think he just got a back tattoo of size. He got some kind of torso. Torso, yeah. Ooh, that I'm hurt. Ooh, I'm hurting thinking about that Ocho. Dang. Yeah. Hey, hey. And listen, I'm, even if Jerry is putting these reports out, these reports mean nothing, You know, going to get yourself and helmets and shorts, nothing. Having a live arm is, is is a good attribute to have, but it's so much more to play in the quarterback position.


You know, I I like, I I like him in, in general, but there's, there's so much more to the game itself outside of what they're seeing in shorts and helmets to, to be a quarterback is stressing playing the pressure situation. If you're the starter for that goddamn team that wear the star on its helmet, so I mean they need to slow down a little bit, but with, with the reports and the, the, the excitement and the flashes of, of what you're seeing against yourselves, 'cause it, it, it means nothing when those bullets are firing for real on a Sunday at one o'clock. I mean he showed, where was he at last year? Wasn't he in, where was he? New England and he showed some flashes.


Ocho yeah. Running around throwing the ball on the move. And I think he is gonna have some better offensive talent now I'm not saying he gonna beat Dout, he ain't beating Dout. You got $60 million, you're not fitting to put a $60 million. I don't care if Joe Mil could look like Patrick Mahomes in his second year, his second year in the NFL where he threw it 55 5,000 yards and 50 touchdown. You ain't putting no 60 million quarterback on the bench. So maybe that gives Jerry cause to pause or maybe extending, but I don't see a scenario where Milton, Milton beat, beat back out.


What in your support as we move, move forward, please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Now if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The best tasting VSOP cognac on the market. Try it for yourself. Don't take my word for it, but try it for yourself. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone they are gone. So grab yours while you can. We are off tomorrow, but, but we're back on Sunday. Thank you guys for joining us. Thank you guys for tuning in tonight. We appreciate it. We'll see you on Sunday. The volume okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's Z purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, the cousins in Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying connected. Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsung Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus non-stop talk texts and data between us and Mexico. Visit a store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with refresh Optiv Omega-3. A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with inactive ingredients like flaxseed oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh. VE Omega-3 is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


Does Friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque. Show tartar who's boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.