
Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before, but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father, Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly, we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose, Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the Rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a noninvasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard tests allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also to if you're 45 years or older and at average risk. You can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 in estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know who I am. I'm your favorite. I'm Shannon Sharp, that guy at the bottom. The Liberty City legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friends, and loved ones to do likewise and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to personally thank you again for your continued and loyal support because without you, there can be no UNC and OCHO Nightcap.


So thank you again for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock 2025. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Porter. Now if you cannot find in a city or a state near you, trust me, we are coming to a city or a state near you. But order online, we'll ship it directly to your door. And one more thing, well two more things. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Check out my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirt and hats. The link is pinned in the top of the chat.


Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please order yours now. Thank you again for your support. We've got two guests joining us a little later. Ocho, we got Lamont Roach Jr. Yeah. Who had a majority draw with Ante Tank Davis and OSI Azua. Mm. I like that he's gonna join us. Just signed big contract with the Dallas Cowboys. So he's staying for another four years. Got great money up and comer. But first I gotta Hold on, hold on. I got a question. I got a question before we get into the show. And you think Lamar Roach, right? You think he'll fight me? Yeah. If I ask him like I'm, I'm I Before, before he comes on, I just want to know from you. You Mean will he beat you?


Yes. Be who? Hey, will he beat? Don't you? You don't have no belief in in, in your cohost. The homie. The homie. Max. Max Maxwell. Got you. Brian. No, he he got a knockdown. There's a difference. That's a, that's that's a part of He ain't touch it. Lamar go put them punches. You see Lamar, how he putting them punches together on tank? Imagine you, you not used to seeing punches, don't you? Yes, I am. Yes I am. Yes. I'm I've been fighting the past six years, so I'm gonna ask him. I'm gonna ask him. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Sparing is different than fighting all and You know, it's just like somebody else. It is like when somebody a receiver and they go out there and they're not used and that ball gets up on em quick.


Right. They hit em ball upside the head. That ain't gonna happen to me though. None. How them punches hit you all upside your head. But You know what, when he comes on the show, we'll ask him. Yeah. LeBron James became the first player to score 50,000 comp career points. When you combine regular season and postseason, he has 41,871 points. Yeah. In the regular season he has 8,162 points in the playoffs. Yeah. Ojo, he also became the oldest player Yeah. To ever be named conference player of the month. Yeah. He was named Western conference player of the month. He has, he averaged 29.3 points a game, 10.5 rebounds a game and seven assists.


And the Lakers went 12 and two in that span. LeBron James, 50,000 career points. Yeah. The most conference players of the month. Most West Conference players of the week. Yeah. That's what LeBron and James has done. Yeah. That that's what he's done. And he is also done a, a, a a great thing for me. Unc I know you've been a huge fan. You've you've been highly respectful of of complimentary, huh? Yeah. Complimentary of, of what he's done throughout this Complimentary Yeah. Complimentary of what he's done throughout his 22 year career. And listen, I, I asked a request. I sent a, this is, this is the power of Twitter.


This is how great Twitter is. I said, listen, LeBron, can I get that 50,000 point ball when you hit, when you hit that milestone? He didn't respond to me, but he got in touch with Doug. He got in touch with Doug. Doug sent him the address and LeBron sent me the 50, the 50 the ball. He sent me the ball. Right. But hold on. Not only did he He the ball, did he he signed it, Huh? Yeah, he signed it. Lemme finish, lemme finish. Not only did he send me the ball, listen Chad, listen. I'm, I'm trying not to get emo shit. I'm trying not to get emotional. Right? Because something like this, he sent a note with it. And this is what really touched me. This is what it really touched me.


Chad, listen to me real quick. This this means a lot to me. On the note along with the ball, he said, Ocho, I'm passing my 50 k, 50 k point ball to you. You've been a legend in your own right and your energy, passion and love for the game has always inspired me. This ball represents everything I worked for. And I want you to have it as a token of respect for your grind and the way you've embraced everything you do. Because nothing is given. Everything is earned. I appreciate you. I appreciate you bro. Keep being great. Love LeBron Braun. And he signed it for me. You see, I see You see a K You said he put Kenny J it seems like when he spelled James, he almost forgot how to spell his last name.


Well that, that's 'cause he lefthand is so it, it it, right. A little different. So I'm just trying to figure out how do you get all these milestones? You got the 40 k ball, you got 50 K. Hey, I, I got both of, I got. Hey LeBron, I know you gonna see this break. Listen, I appreciate you and I, I promise I wasn't gonna get emotional, but it's hard to hold back tears, man. Especially for, for you to reach a milestone like this and want to gimme the ball, man, that means a lot to me, to my family. And if at any point in life I doubt it's gonna happen. If I'm ever on hard times, this will definitely come in handy. I love you bro. Oh, if You have a hard time, you go, you go. You gonna give it up. I ain't gonna have no choice.


True. I ain't gonna have no choice. You aint got no choice. Yeah. Like, like, like a chick on, like a chick on prom night, a senior year. Give it right up. You give it Up, giving it Up. Hey, but LeBron, hey real talk bro. I love you. I appreciate you. And this is going, this is going in the case. 50 k baby King James. Go James. I don't know if people really understand what it's like to be great for that length of time. Yeah man. I mean basically since he set foot in the NBA since he was 18 years old. Yes sir. He's 40 now. Yeah. He's been great. Yeah, He's been great. I mean, you could have all the criticism you could want. I mean, you could nitpick, you wanna say there's a game he should have shot instead of passed.


Or if you want to say, well he should have did this instead of that. Right. But there is no denying his greatness for such an extended period of time. You can book in, you can say, oh he was great here. He was great there. Right. But you color all in between 18 and 40 and it's colored with greatness. Right. He's, it, it's, it's, it's remarkable. And I'm not sure we'll ever see it again. Yeah. Somebody play at this level. I mean yeah, there there're gonna be players that, I mean you could see, look at Luca. Luca can average what LeBron average can get you rebounds and assist. But do we believe Luca's gonna be doing this in year 15, year 20? No. Probably not. Are we sure somebody else is gonna be able to come along Ocho and play this long?


They might have a stretch a eight year, a 10 year, or even a 15 year stretch. Right. But when you extrapolate what he's been able to do for such a long period of time at the level in which he's been able to do it, man, it's a, it's a, it's a beautiful thing to watch. Like I said, I got an opportunity to watch Jordan his entire career. I watched Kobe his entire career. But this is, this is remarkable. This is remarkable what LeBron has been able to do. Yeah. And It, that's why, that's why I'm getting emotional. 'cause it means so much to me, especially for a m to, to achieve a milestone like this and to be willing to give that up, You know? So I could have it. I mean, I don't really never get, You know, I, I really get gifts.


People really give me, I'm normally, You know, I'm, I'm normally the giver. So to give something like this man, LeBron, I know you probably watching, I appreciate you bro, but you're a real one bro. I don't care what they say about you. It just goes to show you. Can you imagine if LeBron, because Luca is really the only guy that LeBron is truly trusted to have ball exclusively in his hands. Yes sir. Now we go back and says, You know what, if LeBron had somebody he trusted and he didn't have the, have the rock in his hand and he can do what he doing now, spot up. He can get to the high, he can get to the high point, the high pick and roll, or he can whatever he can slash he can cut you see what he's doing at 40.


Oh yeah. So imagine LeBron at 25 and 30 and he has a Luca that he doesn't have to worry about setting him up. Mm. He doesn't have to worry about running the offense. Luca can do everything that LeBron does and LeBron gets to focus on just this. Yes. Yes. What do you think his numbers would have been? So now he doesn't have to worry about facilitating. Now his assist total might be a little lower because he's not gonna have the ball in his hand primarily that's gonna go to Luca. Right. But you see scoring and the, and the percentage in which he's shooting. Go back and look at since Luca's arrived, look at his three point field goal percentage. Look at his field goal percentage.


Look at his point total. That's crazy. Everything has increased because You know what, a lot has been taken off of his plate Ojo. He doesn't have to worry about facilitating for everybody. He doesn't have to worry about all that other stuff. He can just say, Luca, you have that. Let me like, let me get like three run outs a game. Right. Let me give a couple of dives to the baskets. I hit a couple of threes. Hell that damn near 20 right there. But it's, it's been unbelievable to watch. Yeah. And like I said, I'm, I'm old enough to remember a lot of the great players I saw Magic never saw, I saw magic in person one. But most of the time, I mean to see Bird and Magic and Akeem and all these great players and now the Steph krs, the kds and all that stuff to see these guys play.


Yeah. LeBron, Kobe, Shaq. I don't think we gonna see somebody else get 50,000 Ocho. I really don't. 50,000 right now. And plus here's what we're saying. We're under the assumption. Huh? We're under the assumption that he stops playing. Who's to say this thing is not gonna be 52, 50 3000. Yeah. He can keep going, especially with Luca at the helm. Now, You know, Luke Lu Luca could take, take all The pressure. Oh, he could easily play another two three. Oh yeah. Could he could easily play another two to three years. Yeah. The question is, he says keeping his mind sharp because he's been soldier to that routine.


And I don't believe Savannah is putting the pressure on like, babe, hey babe, you need to come home, blah blah blah. Had to come Home. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He like, no, because you're like, Hey bro, I know what you like when you, when you home, he gonna be mood as hell. So I could see LeBron legitimately ojo. I could see him playing another two to three years. Absolutely. And I wouldn't be surprised if that were to happen. But at the level that he's playing at, he's playing at, at extremely high level. It's great to see, oh Joe, Danny Bus says Anthony Davis wasn't happy. We have, we, we have lost the last three years in a row to the Denver Nuggets in the playoffs and we really didn't have anything that was going to look different going into the playoffs.


Again, Anthony Davis was complaining about where he is being played and he wasn't happy. So I think this was a positive for both teams. They got what they were looking for and we got what we were looking for. Ocho. Yeah. Do you believe that was fair for Jeanie to say? I mean, no, I mean, well kind of, kind of to give him a reason why. Remember, so you like, you like for people to be honest. You like for people to Yeah. Listen, listen. Speak the truth. That's what you're saying. I like for 'em to be honest, that that that was very transparent. That is why the, that's why the deal was made. Listen, 80, 80 wasn't happy. Obviously he didn't show any type of emotion. He didn't, he didn't show that any signs him, of him being unhappy, especially on the accordi went out there and did what he was supposed to do.


But if you, if you're not happy and you keep think behind closed doors internally, this is what you get. They didn't give you your wish. Now you got your wish just so happened that Luca became available and it worked in the Lakers favor. Okay. You not happy. Look, we gonna do your, we gonna, we gonna do your solid young bull. We gonna see you over to Dallas and Luca's gonna come over here and both parties are happy. Well I'm, I'm sure. I'm sure he is happy now. Well, I mean, I mean outside, outside of being injured. Outside of being injured Me and I'm try to be like Ad wasn't asking you to go get him Joel and beat a Kohl.


Yoic. Yes sir. Just give him a able-bodied person. Right. So he could slide to the four a little big and then the last five minutes of the game. Yeah, I'll play the five. Okay. You don't like being down at the Five. Right. If you look at his best years, he had it with Boogie. Yeah. Boogie was at the five. Yeah. Ad was at the four A Boogie was if you back and look at JaVale McGee at the five, Dwight Howard at the five ad at the four. But when it came down to crunch time, a SL ad slid to the five. Oh yeah. And a lot of times LeBron was the four man. But he played the point that was oj But here's the, here's the kicker. Ojo, in order for this deal to get consummated ad had to wave. There's no trade clause.


Yeah, Yeah. Everything she, everything Jeannie Buss said could be true. Yes sir. But considering the man could have held this thing up and Nico probably takes this deal to somebody else, just keep that behind closed doors. Oh okay, okay. Okay. But way that, listen at this point this, this is good. Maybe, maybe we get more owners being transparent and being honest and coming out and say, well this individual wasn't happy so we granted them exactly what they wanted. Aint there ain't nothing wrong with that. It probably would. It's hard for me now it's hard for me to see a scenario OCHO where this wasn't conveyed to them at some point in time in the process ahead of time.


Yes, I'm gonna come when he was a de Pelicans. Right? Yes, for sure. Okay. Okay. For sure. Because if you go back, if you go back and look at it, they had the Jve McGee and Dwight Howard. Right. Ad's first year there, they won the championship and you blow that up. Why? Why would you not? Right. And I get it. I mean, like I said, I don't think O AD was asking for aid. I need a top five center. He just, we somebody that could eat up the minutes. So he doesn't wear himself down, no doubt. Right. Trying to bang with Yolk, trying to bang with him bead trying to bang with those big bodies. Let those guys now the last five minutes I got you.


Right. Don't even worry about it. I got you the last five. Let me add him. I don't really think, I don't really think that's a bad thing to say. Yeah, he said it on several occasions. His last interview I I, I don't know if it was Dave McManon or or shas, but he said, You know, hey I would like to have a five. I think that's all we missing. Five. Let me slide the four, the last five minutes of the the game. Hey got I got in pain. Yeah. Yeah. I just think the thing is for me, me personally, like I said, hey everybody's entitled toward their opinion I think. But a DB, his class as he was, 'cause it could have held it up and said, nah, I ain't waving my trade clause. I came to la I'm gonna stay in la. Yeah. And then now Luca, maybe somewhere else where the trade doesn't happen, now you get a bonafide superstar for the next 10 years.


Right. And Luca, so I, like I said, I just, in some, some situations Ocho it is okay. It is so, it is okay for you to just sit on the truth. It it, it doesn't hurt anybody if she keeps this ocho Is anybody harmed if she keeps this? Because what, the way she says it, it makes it seem like, well we were kind of looking to trade ad because he was starting to complain and it became, started to become an issue. Right. You see what I'm saying? Yes sir. I just think a situation like that, just sit on that information, You know it and that's, hey, that's how you feel. Right. Got no problem with that. But it's so, it's okay if everything is not, is not brought up.


Everything is not mentioned because ad a ad's played well Yeah, he's been, he nicked a couple of times. I mean but and it ain't no harm in in losing to you talk about one of the great players. Right. We gonna, it's gonna all see what it's all said and done. We'll see what Nicole Yos rank. But y'all make it seem, who the hell y'all think, I mean the Lakers put some, put somebody out every year. The Celtics were putting people out every year. Yeah. George was putting people every year when it's all said and done, Yoki gonna be gonna be up there. He has three MVPs in a four year span. He's probably gonna finish second this year.


Who's to say he doesn't win another one or another two or wins another championship? So losing to Nicola Yoic ain't, ain't bad. Bad, right. That's like Toronto said mad every year. Man we, we lost to LeBron. Really? That what y'all feel bad about losing to LeBron every year. Right. A lot of people lost to LeBron or losing to Steph or losing to one of these other great players are over extended period of time. There is nothing wrong with that.


Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father Mike Schmitz and of course yours. Truly we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Joining us now fought to a majority draw Saturday night. It doesn't look like he's too pleased with that. And there are a lot of people on social media that actually thought he won that fight. Joining us, Lamont Roach, Jr. Lamont, how you doing bro? What's up man? I'm good man. Thanks for having me. I feel real good. No, thanks for having, thanks for joining us. Take us through Saturday night. You go into that fight, you move up five pounds, you 1 35 and you move up and you feeling, I mean everybody's that man ain't no, he got no chance. Tank told you a couple of days earlier, he going, Hey, you not going to distance. Y'all shake very little, two 50, whatever the case may be.


You go into that fight, You know, tank's a slow starter, builds up as the fight progresses, You know, he's trying to land hook to the body. Come up top with it. What was your process? What were you going into that fight? How did you want to fight and did the fight turn out the way you thought it would? Well, honestly yeah, the fight, the fight went exactly how we planned it to go. Honestly, You know, we familiar with him, we been familiar with him. We just knew it was a matter of time for everything to fall into play and back to the whole, everybody not giving me a shot saying I'm gonna get knocked out and all this and all that. I, I, I know what I'm capable of and I know what I could do.


Like they, they just, they in the nutshell, they had, they had me totally messed up. And especially when he be me saying he was gonna stop me. What do, what do I told him himself. I said, you tripping. I said, I don't know what got into your head these last couple minutes, few days, whatever the case, you tripping. You know, you not going to do that. Dude. I don't even know why I told him. I said, I know You know, you not gonna do that. Cut it out. Yeah. Hey, listen, when you talk about you are very familiar with 'em and I understand you and your team, you went into the fight with a game plan. Is it familiarity, the fact that you guys probably trained together in the past, or you've been at camp together in the past, you sparred together. Is is that why you were so familiar in whatever game plan your team did have and were able to execute?


Is that why it went so well? I mean yeah, it's one, it is one of the many reasons why I went so well, even though we were kids, You know, some of them traits, characteristics and just ways of a, of a man like grew with him. Yeah. Yes sir. So, You know, some of the, some of the, like some of the dirty tactics I knew that he had, You know, were revert to that when that pressure built up. Yes sir. When somebody that was there that wasn't scared of him when somebody was there that was there to return fire and You know what I'm saying? He, he ain't been in the ring in his professional career. He hasn't been in the ring with something like that or something like the caliber what I got. Right.


So what I thought, obviously wa watching the fight and when I look at all his take fights, most of the time obviously he starts slow and then round five six he starts to pick it up a little bit and by the time as he's picking it up, normally his opponent is deteriorating. Yeah. The condition ain't we're supposed to be, but I'm looking at you, they get to round six and seven and he coming forward and you ain't even, you not even moving. So at that point y'all men range you sitting in the pocket and most of the time when he hits somebody they retreat, but you get, you took one to give one. I'm like, buddy boy, he boy coming at it. Yeah. I'm like, so did the power not affect you in any way where you didn't really care?


We you just sat in the pocket with him in exchange? 'cause most of the time, I mean, you gotta be cautious. Oh yeah, sure. You gotta be cautious because when throwing punches, You know, you got a chance to get hit. You know, when you letting go, did you not care at all or did you feel his power early and really wasn't worried about it? So it it wasn't that I wasn't, I wasn't caring. It is, I was cautious, like you said, I was cautious, but the but the defense, the defense is there and the confidence was, was through the roof. Right. And I, I got a chance you keep a spade to spade. Like, You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. He, I see why he knocked people out. Yeah. I'm not gonna say the power is overrated, but it, it, I I've been in there with guys who could punch, I mean like right.


With guys who could punch. So it's like, it's, it's nothing, it was nothing new to me. I've been in there with middleweight champions, I've been in there with junior middleweight champions, I mean like as they were champion in their prime and stuff like that. So it's like, You know what I'm saying? Like I, I was confident in, in what I could do defensively and if I get hit I know I, I know I was gonna give it right back. Right. So listen, in the ninth round, I'm sorry. You know, You know, I get excited about boxing. Don't, I don't mean to take over but listen, hey, young bull ahead in the ninth round, You know, ante took a knee. Obviously there's some con controversy behind that. It wasn't ruled or knock down by the referee. I've never seen that ever. That's crazy. And then my years of watching the, You know, watching boxing and enjoying enjoying the sport of combat sports in general, did that moment impact your strategy for the remainder of the fight?


I'm gonna say no and lemme tell you why. Yeah. The simple fact that he took the knee is, is it was really a, a boost because it's like, alright, it's okay. Alright. What we doing is working. We we know that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He, he looking for something. It should have been a knockdown one. Yes, sir. So that's why I'm yelling at the referee like, keep counting, like you tripping, keep counting. That's a knockdown. Because he, if y'all didn't notice, he started to count, he started to count. He did, he cut it and then he stopped. Yes, he stopped. Okay. So, so when we yes. When he resumed the action, I'm like, what you doing? Keep counting.


Like you can't do that. Right. So, and then it wasn't even registering or processing through my mind the other rules. Right. To the simple fact that he could have got disqualified for having his corner come up to the ring and assist him doing the round or wipe, wipe in his face. Yeah. You can't through the, in the face, you can't do that. Yeah. Or he can't turn his back on the, like during the fight it, that's cause for that's, that's the wave it off. He took a knee and then turned around and went to the corner. A breath or usually turn it turn, turn or stop the fight. Oh. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't know that I'm watching you. A lot of times when, when people hit tank, like Ocho was saying they retreat, but it seemed like you had a strategy.


Like if he hit me, I'm gonna hit his ass back just as hard as many times as he hit me. And I don't think he expected you to return the kind of five that you returned because you wobbled him a couple times. And I'm not so sure that I've seen tank wobble, like when you caught him a couple times and you was getting through the guard. I mean, hey normally a southpaw fighter that lead right is a home run right down and it was right down Broad Street. Yeah. And you kept touching him with it For sure. It was one of the, it was one of the many things that we trained for. Obviously he happy go lucky with his left and, and been working for his whole career. He been knocking these dudes out. So, You know, we've been training, we've been sitting on the left being able to working on countering, working on, You know, being able to block and come back and we had some pretty fast guys and then we had some pretty strong guys that I had to, You know, switch rounds with every like, You know, every response test.


So Right. You know, we was ready, we was prepared and like you said, them dudes wasn't really, really cracking him back and I was really throwing that fire at him and the accuracy is what really probably pissed them off too. Yeah. Yes sir. And the fact that I was busy is like, all right, this ain't stopping. And that's, That's crazy. Yeah. I I thought you did an unbelievable job of keeping the pace up. Like Ocho said, he's a guy that likes to start slow so he has some energy reserved. So when he comes out from five through 12, he's like, I got a lot left. I know, Hey, I ain't really spent no gas. I, hey, I just been coasting. I've been on electric mode now. I got this fire, I got this gas in the tank, I'm finna unleash. But it meant you met fire with fire, fire when, and I I've heard Floyd say that like when he went into a fight, he never watched tape on the guy that he was fighting.


He left that up to his corner to watch the fight and then tell him instructions. He would take all that information and then once he got into the ring, blah, blah, blah. Do you watch fight? Do you, when you going against a fighter, do you watch them or you leave that up to your corner to watch and then give you an instruction to what you should do? I Don't watch them a lot. I'm just so, I just so happen to be a boxing fan that the fact that I do watch him fight, You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I, I really like boxing. He is, he's just somebody to watch. He's a spec queen. Okay. Knockout artist, skilled guy. Like one of the, be one of the better powerful pound fighters. I like watching good fights. So I do know some of his tendencies. But to study him, I really, I left it up to my dad.


But one time, one day, like one day in camp, we did sit down and watch a few of his fights back to back. Okay. Hey listen, T Tang has publicly expressed interest obviously in a rematch. I'm, I'm you wanna a rematch as well? Yeah. Are you open to immediate rematch or do you have a a a you don't need a tuneup, but do you have a tuneup fight just to, just to keep yourself going, y'all running right back? Immediate, immediate, just to let y'all know, like in, in my contract immediate rematch was signed, I signed for the immediate rematch when I signed for the first fight, just in case he lost or just in case it was a draw. So they put that clause in there, they put the rematch clause in there.


So I already signed the rematch clause. Okay. So when you got a rematch clause, how, how long we taking, how long is it break before you start training again? Is it, is it six months from now? Is it at the end of the year? It's up to the a it's up to the A side and when they wanna fight. So I'm thinking it's gonna be soon. I'm I I'm hoping it's gonna be soon. Let's say that, I mean when, I mean I'm saying from a boxing standpoint as a boxer, what is soon to you? I mean, when you say soon to me, I'm thinking a month. I know that's not i'll It July that ain't gonna happen. I'll think you July. So I, I'm thinking, I'm thinking July. I'm thinking July for sure. Okay. But If I, if I'm not, if I'm not mistaken, Lamont, I think I read something that he reached out to Loma Chico's side and see if they were interested.


Hey, did you see, did you read that also? Did you see that? I, I did see that, but you can't, you gotta you can't believe everything you see. Okay. And if it is, if it is true then You know, that'd be funny. But I'm pretty sure the rematch happens and I, I'm pretty sure that's the next fight for both of us. Well, lemme ask you this, would you be interested? Go ahead. I'm just, would you be interested in fighting Lomo ort Fmo Lopez? Of Course. Or, or me. Oh, hold up Chad. Hold up. Hold up Chad. I Hey, put pause on him. Put pause on him. Hey Chad. I been, Hey, I don't know if you seen me fight Saturday, man. I I really do. I I was there. I was there. Yeah. Listen, I I I've been studying you for years, you hear me?


Oh, okay. I can listen. Listen, I don't have the time, but I can tell you your tendencies right now. Round one through seven. Okay. So if we was to get in there as far right now, I could tell you what you going do by looking at your feet. You, when you, when you, when you got your hand down by your hip, I already, and you step forward, you, you gonna faint. You know what I ain't gonna do? I ain't need no, no more keys. But listen, I've been studying you. I know you, so if you want a spa at any point, if you get ready for the next fight, south Power. Right. I think I seen you work your south part, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got hands like Power though. He ain't got pillows. He got pillows at the end of line. Oh man, he ain't got no power. Lamar. Oh man, Lamont, listen, they Throw number Cape Blows. Nah, nah, ain't no Hey Lamont, they, they where I'm from they called me hella hands.


Yeah, they called me hell hands. But listen, I reflected on your performance right in that fight, bro. I don't, your game plan was phenomenal. Everything you did, you executed from round one all the way to 12. After you have a fight like that and you put on a show like that, what aspects, I mean like what's, how many, how do you improve off of that? Because if they, if you were to grade your performance that night, you get an A plus. Yeah. So what do you go back, what do you go back and work on after putting on a goddamn show like that? Man, just, just, just going on. See my thing is I always wanna get better all the time. Right. No matter if I do have a good performance or not, I just go back and I watch the tape and see what, what he do.


Obviously if whatever he come with the next one, then we just gotta Yes sir. Still capitalize. We're gonna add to what works. If it ain't, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. But we're gonna Yes sir. We gonna add to it. We're gonna build, we gonna build, we gonna build, might try to, You know, pick it up so we can see if we can get that stop on now. You know what I'm saying? Never know. Thats how you capitalize. That's how you capitalize. Yeah. Yeah. Well your condition was on point boy. It was on point fighter man. 15 round fighter over here man. For real? Yeah, for sure. Woo. Can't 13, 14 rounds. Wait what time or no time? No what time for sure what time? Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. So You know I did 22 rounds, no clock.


Let's see, Chad, we gonna get you a camp. Maybe you can get me ready for the B max. Bring Hey, matter of fact, bring me to camp. I ain't gonna charge you. I ain't, I ain't gonna charge you. I give you I you four rounds. I let somebody else go for not come back for another four finish exchange, no robbery. I like that. All right. Bet Man. Lamont, will you put pause on this man? I got you. Don't beat him up too bad. 'cause I need him, I need it for Nightcap. I wanted to come back and talk about slur and I don't want him to come back. Talk like the champ. Yeah, he gonna be all right. He gonna be, he I think, I think he gonna be all right. Don't you? Getting body blows. Don't don't hit anybody his head. Nah, just getting body blows. I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. My, my defense. My defense Is my offense, I ain't gonna get hit. I was right Lamar, a lot of times when guys win and they get a rematch, they like well I don't have anything to improve upon.


And they, they, they run into a a problem. Yeah because you had a draw. Do you, can you go back and say, You know what, in this situation here I should have did this instead of that and I might have been able to land something. Is that how you go back and approach the fight because you didn't get the win and so you're like well I didn't get the win, I didn't lose technically but I didn't win either. And I think as a fighter, You know, draws and ties, that ain't what we do it for. Yeah. We wanna be win. We want to be on the top spot and because you didn't land on the top spot, you feel that, You know what, go back and watch this fight through 12 rounds. Maybe if I pick it up through the first three or four rounds, maybe that's a round or two that I win. And we don't even have this discussion at the end because it looked like they gave you round 12.


Had you not won round 12, he would've won to fight. Which is sad honestly. So to me, I thought I won the fight clearly I thought I won a close fight. I thought I won a very competitive fight, don't I? I'm not saying I steamrolled him or whatever, but to me I think I wanna fight. Now granted ninth round should have been called a knockdown. Right? Two judges on the official scorecard gave him the round ten nine. If that was a knockdown I win round ten eight, that's a three point swing, I would win a unanimous decision. Correct. So you gotta take all of that into account. It's three ways that, it's three things that could have happened in that ninth round alone with that knee.


It could have been a 10, eight round scored a knockdown could have been a disqualification or I could have won by TK. So honestly, when you look at that and you say I gotta draw against the Number one spectacle in America, a pound for pound talent and a, a guy with a 90% knockout ratio look at it and like, okay, if you got a draw, more than likely you were supposed to win that night. So even though I didn't get to win, I'm not a moral victory guy, I'm pissed that I didn't win honestly. Right, exactly. Right, Right.


I'm pissed that I didn't win, but I really think that, that I should have a lot of people think that I should have and the rematch is just gonna make it worse for him because I gotta rev it up. Like you said, I gotta do something, I gotta do something, I gotta pick it up somewhere to turn this around and make it a victory for me. Lamont, you are moving up from super featherweight to lightweight. Were you afraid that moving up might rob you of some of the power? 'cause that's, You know, normally guys that move up, they lose some of the sting. Were you concerned about that? Are you gonna stay, are you gonna stay at Super Feather or are you looking to move up to maybe go 1 35, 1 40 even higher?


No, one thing that 1 35 gave me is a lot more stinging. I ain't gonna lie. Okay. Five less pounds I had to lose. So, You know. So do you normally walk around at Lamont Normally? I wanna say if 55, especially especially if I'm in the gym, nah, nah, nah, I walk around like one 50 somewhere around 1 50, 1 49 on a good day. If okay, I'm on vacation, I don't get no high at M 55. So. Okay. Okay. So you, so I, I think that works. I think that's one of the things that helped Floyd Mayweather. Yeah, because Floyd is not a naturally big man. Right. So it was easy for him to stay at 1 47 'cause Floyd only walking around in like 1 55 to begin with. Yeah.


Yeah. So he going for six, eight weeks, he lose five pounds. That's his sweet spot. Yeah, for sure. For sure. And that's another thing with you, it's not like you are walking around 1 65, 1 60, 1 65 and you gotta strip down 35, 30 pounds. Right? You only having to come down 10, maybe even 15 pounds right at a max. So that's a lot. That's not, that's not that drastic. When you see these guys have to go through this, this, this massive dehydration in order to make weight because it man, you keep doing that fluctuate in your body, man. It it, it takes something outta you man. Yeah, It definitely takes a toll on you for sure. Hey, listen, after, after a fight like this, how, how much time do y'all take off?


Like, I mean, before you get back in and gradually just start building yourself back, not only in the shape, but just making sure you don't lose that rhythm and consistency. It's tough man. Especially how boxing is today. That's more so like a personal, so me personally, I don't like being out the gym too long. I get, I get cussed out by my, by my doctor because he tell me to take a break. You know what I'm saying? Right, right. So and I understand because your body do need to heal rest. I've been through a eight week training camp and then went through a hard 12 round fight. So, You know, You know, gotta get your body together, take some time off because when you peak, when you peak and you peak at the right time, I think I peaked at every time Saturday night.


Right. It's, You know, it, it depletes you. So I get a little rest, I get a little rest probably like two weeks. Then I'm, I wanna be back in the gym one because I probably get you heavy, You know, I'm like, I don't feel, I don't feel right. Right. You don't feel right. Yeah. And I be bored. I normally be in a gym, so. Okay. Right. That's how I go. Where, where, where you, where, where, where you live at? Where, what state? I live in DC Okay. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm make, I'm make a little trip down there, man. Whenever you get back in the gym and you wanna start sparring, I'm gonna come down there and I got, I got a little, I I don't know. I'm a bad man, Chad. I don't know. I know, I know. I'm, I'm a bad man too. That's why my teacher called me when I was high school. Well, listen, I got a little bit for you. Right.


We gonna do eight rounds, right? We we gonna do eight rounds and yeah, we gonna do eight. Yeah, if you can, if you can beat me at least four rounds. Now You know LeBron James, he just scored 50,000 points, right? Yeah, he sent, he sent me the ball. If you could beat me, if you could win more rounds of me, I send you this ball he gave me to put up, I'm call my dad right now, mouse. We set that up. We gonna set that up. You Gonna take that ball up, up that ball Right? In the trophy case. Okay? Okay. Slip right in the trophy case. Okay. Right on top of the bat. Okay? Matter of fact, I, I'm, I'm gonna make it easy for you. I'm only using my jab hand on you. Oh man, you giving me you giving, you giving it away.


Nah, I I mean listen, I can, I can take what I'm gonna do. I still win. Hell, that's what I do. I told you they called me hella hands. No, I'm telling you, you giving the prize away. LeBron ain't gonna like that. Oh nah, you ain't gonna get that. You think I'm, you think I'm gonna lose you and and lose that bar? For sure. Lemme, lemme ask you this, Lamont, after the tank fight, who would you like to fight after fight after tank? Are you gonna stay at, are you gonna go, are you gonna stick If you, if you go back, if you rematch you beat Tank at 1 35, are you gonna stay at 1 35 or slide back down to one 30 or go up even to one 40? It depends on what's available. If the champions at 35 are available, I wanna fight them.


I wanna unify, obviously that's good for my career. That's like legacy fights and on top of that, they big money fights money. If if they not, if they're not available, I will go definitely defend my title at 30 and probably try to unify there because I can make 30 comfortably and, and I feel like I I I run that division like I probably can even go undisputed if they let me. That's lie because I'm Lamar being a student of the game. I know you heard your dad, you weren't around then, but I know your dad has told you or whomever in your corner about the Four Kings Hearns, Haggler, Duran Leonard and how they fought each other.


Yeah. And all the top contenders in that. They fought 'em. You go back to the seventies, you look at the heavyweights, they fought Norton fought Ali, he fought Frazier, he fought, he fought shavers, he fought Ali. Nobody duck. Why is it now Lamont that we have guys and they want to cherry pick and don't want to take it seemed like, and I, and, and I love Floyd, but Floyd that 50 and Oh. 'cause nobody wants to take an ass whipping now for sure because now they feel like my legacy is ruined. I lost the fight. Some of the great fighters, we don't look at Ali because he lost three or four times even when he looked bad fighting. Trevor Bur and Larry Holmes, we don't hold that against him.


We don't hold against Leonard. We don't hold against Haggler. We don't hold against her. We don't hold against nobody. I don't know and I hate that. I love Floyd and I'm glad he is undefeated, but everybody thinks now if I be undefeated I'm gonna be revered like Floyd and it's not going to happen. It ain't, it ain't. Floyd is one of a kind fighter man. He and kind of above hiss own. Even if a lot of people do go undefeated and retire undefeated, it's not gonna be the same. And it's not gonna be the same because Floyd put in his work. Floyd Floyd fought them guys when, when he was able to That he fought everybody stuff Like that. He fought, he, he fought them guys and he, he earned the, the right to fight who he wanted to, when he wanted to, whatever the case may be.


He that's, that's just a, a once in a lifetime fighter. I don't know why the guys are not, well maybe I do. I I I'm gonna give you a little scoop. These guys are worried about the money that they can make. If they told you unc, if they still have a owe on their record, they think that a blemish would knock down the value of their con whatever they have in their contract or whatever they have presented to them, which is, You know, crazy to me. I think if you put on a good enough fight, no matter if you win or lose the performance is what matters. It it is, it is really what matters.


So people gonna pay to see you fight. If you fight the good fights, that's what, that's what what they're gonna Pay to see it. Yeah, that's, they gonna pay to see it. That's why paper view numbers used to be so high because people are gonna pay, they wanna see certain fights, they wanna see them fights. Look at Mickey, look at Mickey Ward and Arturo Gotti. Ooh, that was jam packed law didn't matter. Yeah, people still pay big money to see that because they know they were going to get action For sure. Yeah. But now Lamont guys like, You know what, yeah, if I fought Lamont, I can make 15 mil, but if I fight this guy that I know I can whip, I can make 10. So why take the chance for an extra five when I can get this can over here and I can whip it for 10.


So I get me a couple, I get me five or 10, I get me five or 10 of the $10 million fight. Why would I need to take a risk for two of those big fights? Nah, I do That. But then Unc, you gotta think about that. Lamar, I told uncle other night, we talked about this too, right? Not only do certain people not want to take risks, but you want to build it up until you get to the really, really good fight. So if you got, like you talk about the folk, the folk kings back then back in the day. Yeah. Right. In today's, if you got the best boxes right, and if all the best boxes fight each other right now and not have fight after fight after fight and asking you build it. So people want to actually, actually wanna watch and you can maximize your, your your pay. That's a little different.


Think about how long before Earl and Bud actually fought. Yeah. Look how long it took. Look how many fights they had because there was a buildup to it. So from that standpoint, I kind of get it and understand you wanna maximize your, your pay. You also, nobody wants to lose, but at some point they ain't gonna have no choice but to fight each other. Ocho you gotta understand the timing. Gotta be right. But think about it. And, and Lamont, You know this Sugar Ray went to one 60 to fly Haggler He did. Went up. He definitely did. And they didn't come down. He, they went to him. They 1 30, 1 35, they went up two sugar. Ray was 1 47, went to one 60.


Haggler. Hers was 1 47, went to one 60. You definitely right about that. That's middle weight. And Ray, Ray and Duran started at 35. So that on dur he was asking. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. One of the best lightweights to ever doing. Yeah. Horse Hands a lot of, a lot those guys started. Yes. A lot of those guys started there at OCHO. 30 35 Fort Floyd, 30, 35, 40, 47 and four. De La Hoya. 54. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Oh yeah. A lot of 'em guys. Yeah. And had Pop PAC's an anomaly.


Pao started at like 1, 1 0 6, 1 12 0 1 0 8. Yeah. It blew through. It blew through everything. Yeah. Eight Division, eight division champion. They knocking off, You're not gonna see that. You even, even when you look at Armstrong, you look at all those guys. Nobody's doing this again. Nobody's gonna do that. Yeah. I mean basically you'd have to start at, say you'd have to start at like one 40 and then go to heavyweight to try to clean to to clean out everything. Exactly. Exactly. And that ain't, if that ain't not happening, that ain't Happening. I mean, at all Roy, Roy was an Anoro was a bad boy because Roy, yeah. Roy went 60, 68, 7, 10 Years straight. Yeah. Mid awake Roy was, If Roy had had Roy just stayed there and not stripped the muscle that he put on to go to Heavy.


Because I think that took a lot out of him. Yeah. That took too much out of him. He probably should have stayed. He probably should have never come back down or just took his time. Took his time. But Roy won the title, couldn't get nobody else to fight. Gave the title up and came back down. And he wasn't the same after Tarver beat him that one time. He was never the same because he got started getting beat by fighters. That Roy Roy would've mopped the floor inside of five rounds with him. For sure. Yeah. So what's next tank? I mean, excuse me, what's next, Lamont? What's next? After, after this tank, after this tank fight, you say you want to fight whoever the big money fight is. Who? A lmo, Temo, Haney, Ocho Garcia, whoever. The champs at 1 35 right now are Ko Keshawn Davis and them.


Good, good. That's, that's, that's who we gonna be looking at after, You know what I'm saying? After, after I be tanked, after I be tanking and rematch that what you want, You know, if them guys ain't available, then we gonna go to 30 and defend my 130 pound championship. So listen outta those three you just named, who would you prefer to fight first if you can't get all three? If, if, if you had a preference. If I had a preference, I only got a preference. Yeah. I want, I would, I would put a blindfold on and pick whichever one. It don't matter who, whoever I talking. Why you talking This and tell whoever on this ass whipping for that's, I want who won this ass Whipping for, for sure. As a matter of fact, I tell you what, I tell you what Lmo, you going get it first.


So you going get it after I get tanked. When I get tanked, I'm gonna get you at the first of the year. Hey Shakur, I'm gonna come see you in July. Push out. Hey Keshawn Davis. Hey, at the end of the year on 27, I got your, I got your ass whipping too. Hey, It sound good to me. You hear me sound real good? Hey man, I appreciate it. Congratulations. Great fight. Thank you. It wasn't the outcome that you had hoped for because you trained for eight weeks, had a great camp, and you put the time in to win. It didn't go his way. But who knows what's gonna happen July, August, when the next fight come around, wish you the best and guess what? Come back and join us again when the fight happens and we'll see what happens after that.


Lamar appreciate you, appreciate You. Alright, will do. Thank you man. I appreciate both y'all, man. Alright. I'm gonna see, I'm gonna see you in DC man. No doubt. Yeah. Get my contact. We we'll bring you out for sure. Alright. Be alright. Just, Just a body because he need to talk so don't hit him in. I Don't want, I don't want him to, You know? Yeah, that's what I want you to do. Yeah. Yeah. That I, you that what I want you. Yeah, I got, I make sure I record it too. We have it on on the Nightcap. You got what I need you to do. Record. All right. All right, all right. All right. Appreciate that Levi. Have a good one bro. Alright. Alright, you too. Thank y'all man. Yo All Bro. Alright.


Hey guys. Mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this Lent. We are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi, father, Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly, we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose, Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this Lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Lamar Rose Jr. Man, that's unbelievable man. It was great talking to him. Ocho Hey you have your, that's, that's your thing. Boxing your thing, so. Oh yeah, That was fun. That was fun. I enjoyed that. I enjoyed that, that That was, it's always great to get these guys, guys, You know what, I'm gonna reach out to Roy 'cause I wanna hear what Roy gotta think on this. Roy, Joe, I'm, I'm gonna hit Roy. I'm gonna hit Roy up tomorrow and see if I can get Roy to come on and talk about this fight. Yeah, yeah. Hey, matter of fact, yeah, that'd be that. No, that'd be good. You get Roy to here. Roy could tell you the stories about what we to spark. Man, you ain't want none of Roy. No, I'm saying no, we, I'm, I'm, come on now. You know Roy from down here now. Yeah, I know me. Yeah. Me and Roy used to spa when I was in high school. I used to fought with him sometime.


Yeah. He from, he from the same place Brook's from Hey boy, he quick than a motherfucker boy. Yeah. Gee was Jesus Christ. Oh, he from Pensacola? Yeah. Yeah, you're right down Down street. He from Pensacola. Yeah, he from D Brooks and I played with another guy named Oh, Emmett from Pensacola too. Emmett Emmett Who? Emmett Smith. Hold on. Emmett from him. Pensacola. Yeah. Emmett from Pensacola. Yes. Yes. That ett That's that's that's Roy homeboy. Roy and Emmett. They homeboy For real? Yeah. Man, I ain't know that. Yeah, ETT from Pensacola. Oh That okay. Okay. Boy, I just learned something.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Boy, I used to be Peace and Roy ass up boy and some days, boy, we gotta get Roy on here man. We talking them. We got some good stories. I we get It. We'll get it. Ocho Kevin Durant and Coach Bud got into it last night. Check this interaction out Ocho during the time out early in the game, coach Bud holds a grab K's arm in an apparent attempt to pull him in for a conversation. But KD pulled his arm away. Then they engaged in a breathed, animated conversation before party ways. KD spoke about it after the game. Let's take a listen to what KD had to say. Yeah. That's what usually happens when you don't know the dynamics of a relationship.


You know, you catch something on tv, you get a quote and now you pushing that narrative as, as if me and Blood don't do that shit all the time. We competitive as two individuals who want to see things done the right way. And sometimes my way ain't the way that above want to do it and vice versa. And he allows me as a player on the team, a veteran on the team to voice my thing. If I, if we both didn't care, we would never have stuff like that. You know what I'm saying? So and glad that the win is gonna sweep all that other stupid stuff under the rug. 'cause they couldn't, people couldn't wait. Even some people with Phoenix in here couldn't wait to run with that, You know, and say, oh this is, this is the reason why the team ain't playing well 'cause of that specific thing.


But come on man. That shows that me and Bud really care about trying to break this shit and trying to win basketball again. So he understands where I'm gonna come from. I understand exactly where you're coming from. It's just the people on the outside don't know the dynamics of the relationship. So, You know, in order for them to get some attention, they gonna run with some with stuff like that. You heard it? Yeah. He says, Hey, sometimes I see things one way but don't see it that way. Right. Sometimes Buzz see things one way. I don't see it that way. We have a difference of agree, we have a difference of opinions and hey, he cares. I care. We trying to get this ship righted and, and he's right. I mean look that make it seem like that's never happened before.


I've seen coaches and play, they shove each other at all. Yes. Male curs, all that kind of stuff. It happens. You get too animated. Testosterone, testosterone driven men that I believe what I'm saying is right. He believes what he's saying is right. Two people can't be right. Maybe hey, two things can be true. Maybe you're right and maybe he's right, but at that point in time we don't see it that way. I want you to see my point of view, right? Ah bro, I need you to see my point of view. Right. But all, I don't know what happens, but I know KD went crazy in the fourth quarter and they was down in 23 and they won the game. That's what I do know. Listen, the funny thing about it with the sons, listen, when you're losing, everything is magnified.


Yep. When you are losing the way they are, even though they won that specific game, everything is magnified. Unless you've played organized sports in a structured environment, you'll never, you'll never understand that dynamic. You'll never understand it. That goes on all the time. Especially when it comes to a player of that magnitude. That's great. And you have a coach and a coach wants to see you do your best or if you're not playing to your full potential, they gonna get on you just like that. Yep. That happens not just at the, at the, at the, at the elite level with NBA players, NFL players. It starts even when you're young, the problem that you gotta worry about is when you have a coach that cares about you and he stops talking to you and he doesn't try to correct you, You know, he's not on your head and trying to get you to do things the right way.


That mean he doesn't care. So what I see as a former athlete, stuff like that happen, it resonates with me because I've been in that situation before with Hugh Jackson getting on me on the sideline of course because I'm trying my hardest, Hey, I, I fired back. You know, I, I'm, I talk back a little bit, but You know you man you, you would grab me by the neck man don't play with me. Yeah. Not neck you, you from, you From Ner. Hey you don't play. You Know man, you a damn fool. You good people but you good people. I like you but you don what? Hold your, you right. You absolutely right With a lot of times like, You know, in the heat of the battle, you forget like, man, I, man I shouldn't do this in front of all these people 'cause it's 70, 80,000 people watching and there's cameras everywhere.


You forget. Sometimes though you Do forget. You absolutely forget. According to the Moment. I always try to be mindful, You know, hey, let's get this behind closed door. Right. I'm just gonna give you a look. You mean like that look you gave me when you thought I was late on Thursday like that. Hey, hey, hey. Nah that was that one. Like, like coaches like, Hey bro, look here. I won't allow you to say anything to me. Mayor Porter didn't say Right. Yeah. Porter ain't never called me no more fool. She ain't never called me no SOB. So now if you think you can call me that now You know what? I'm gonna take this uniform off.


I'm gonna whip your ass. 'cause I know I ain't gonna be here. But all that, all that, all that stupid. You know what, I don't play that. Nah, gimme that because nah, I don't, I don't, I don't play like that Ocho I don't. So we had, hey, we just had, I had a great understanding. Hey bro, don't, hey, come on now. Right. I, I ain't your kid. I got kids. You got kids? I got kids. You just can't talk to me any kinda way. Yeah. Gotta do it. Do a right Wing. Trust me. Tell me what I did wrong.


I'm not gonna make that same mistake twice, but you're not finna call me dumb. You know, you stupid or, or more. Nah, nah, nah. Okay. I can't get that Like that. I, I ain't, I ain't finna hold you. Y'all, we talk about sensitive all you want to, but I, I I'm big. I'm huge on respect. Respect. I Respect respect. Yeah. I, I give it to everybody. I give, I, I believe every man or woman deserves a certain level of respect. Yeah. Always. Now when that level of respect dissipates, it's best that you and I go our separate ways. That's okay. We don't look, we and sometimes going show like you on the team, you ain't gonna get along with everybody. Yeah.


Hey, you do your thing. I'm gonna do my thing on this field. WWW walk. Hey, when the whistleblowers time to go out certain ways. Yeah. Go About the locker room a like I don't even know you. There it is. There it is. Yeah. Yeah. There it is. All this man, you ain't bro, he was a teammate. You not, you not buddy buddy with everybody that's on your team. No, you buddy buddy with everybody in your work office. Y'all go out to lunch and do happy hour go to each other's crib. No, that's, I mean, some, some guys are close like that Ocho they are. Yeah. Yeah. Some guys not, this ain't college where you see, You know what I'm saying?


I will pass the guy in the hallway in the going to class or he might be in the same class, bro. A lot of these guys, they got family, they got kids and y'all, You know, we, we on different wavelengths and that's okay. Right. We just try to do the same when we at work, hopefully we got the same goal. Ojo to try to win as many games as we possibly can. That's it. Once you go home, Done deal. Yeah, but I'm not making too, I'm not making too much out of it with the Acadia interaction has happened. Yeah. Like I said, I've seen coaches, hey coaches and players, man I seen I college, I've seen a basketball player beat the basketball coach.


So now we had to go pull him up off it. I ain't put yo ocho when I say he beat him down ocho when I say he beat him down. Right. He must have said something slick. Huh? I don't know what he said. And because I, You know, I, Hey, You know I'm looking out the bathroom with it. I see him arguing. I'm like, because I ain't never seen look, don't you, I've seen players and coaches argue in that setting. Yeah. On the football field, on the basket. Okay. That's one thing. But bro, we not, we not in that environment. We're not on the football field. We're not on the basketball court. Right. And you, you arguing with me like we just two ninjas in the street. Right. So I'm like, what the, I said, man, lemme go on down there for something pop off.


So I go down there, I'm just, You know, I'm, it ain't got nothing to do with me. So I really shouldn't be. The next thing I know, woo. W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W Oh Joe. I be like, okay, you probably asked for it because first of all, you don't live on campus. Right. For you bring your ass back on campus after practice is over to come back up here and front this man. You probably was getting what you deserved Where I intervened when he started kicking him, putting feet on him. Oh. I said no, I can't let you do that. Yeah, You gotta you gotta go get it. I had get, I had to get him up off him and I'm like, bro, now look and look here, I coach go ahead on now because if I turn this man loose after I done got him more obvious, That's on you.


That's On you now. Round, round two. Hey, I called my other. I said, Hey man, man, get get coach up outta here Ocho, when I say he whipped him. Yeah. Hold on. So if that was the coach, he, that the player was part of the team? Yes. Hold on. Was the player allowed to remain on the team after that? Yeah. Oh, He must, he played a couple of, I think he ended, I think he ended up leaving on his own, but he didn't kick him off. Must have been, if I'm not mistaken, I think it was the coach fault. Okay. So he must've been a star player. He was, he wasn't a star player, but he was a good player. He was a decent player. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. But my thing is coach, if I'm a coach, here's the thing.


Yeah. If you let a puppy lick you in the mouth, you better be careful. 'cause he gonna grow up to be a dog and he'll bite you. Mm. When you what, When Uhuh, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Boy, that is a good one. Network. Boy, You know, I don't, I don't go nowhere without it now. Yeah, If you let, if you let Let a puppy lick you in the mouth, he'll grow up and bite you when he become a dog. See if you put yourself on that level. See, the problem that the coach had is that he put himself on that level to be with the player. So the player no longer looked at him as the coach.


Right. He looked at him as like, like a, a commer, like another player. Let a puppy lick you in the mouth or that's a blue one. Boy. So that's why that's ojo. That's why with kids, you stay up here Ocho you don't say, oh, that's my friend. Oh, that's my best friend. Me and my daughter, me and my son. We like, we like best friends. Ain't no we not. No we not. I'll tell your ass up. I'm dad The Volume.


Hey guys, mark Wahlberg here. You've heard me say it before, but I'm gonna say it again. You guys have to check out Hallow this lent, we are doing something really powerful. It's a 40 day prayer challenge for every day of Lent with Jonathan Rumi Father, Mike Schmitz, and of course yours. Truly, we are going through the incredible book The Way by St. Jose, Maria Riva and I, along with my buddy Chris Pratt, will lead us through weekly fasting challenges. Join me and millions of others around the world praying every day this lent. Stay prayed up and God bless you.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.