
Small business owners. This one's for you, chase for business, and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast. Chase. Make more of what's yours. Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC, copyright 2024. JP Morgan Chase and Company,


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Holiday magic is in the air and DS W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video makes the catch touchdown. This week the Denver Broncos visit the Los Angeles Chargers in a game with big playoff implications. This is unbelievable Coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Chargers Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. For me personally, I was one of those people who, like many of us weren't taught about finances. You know, my parents didn't know, but now this is the time where I can become somebody who creates generational wealth or I just sort of end up being in the same hamster wheel that we've been in for generations at this point. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura Podcast Network.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in Bonus bet if your bets wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for Nightcap. OCHO is having some technical difficulties, so we gotta get this show on the road. We thank you for your patience, especially if you are on the East Coast. So as I said, OCHO is having some technical difficulties, but we've gotta get this show on the road. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcasts from. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your patience through all the ups and downs of trials and tribulations. You guys have stayed true to Nightcap and we greatly, greatly appreciate your support.


Go check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are upon us and we want to make sure you have a very joyous festive holiday season. And what better way to do that than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it, any city or a state near you, you can order it. December 18th is the cutoff. That way we can ensure that you'll have it by December 30th. So please, December 18th ensures it'll be there by December 30th. Thank you again for your support. And one more favor, please drink responsibly. Please go check out my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Our newest release just dropped last month. We've got t-shirts, sweats, we've also have some really cool stocking stuffers, beanies, coolies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please get yours while supplies Last. Tickets for the bowl in New Orleans. Our first, they're on now. The link, the the chat and the date is February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. You don't wanna miss this. We've also been nominated for two Sports Podcast Award, best American Football podcast and best Sports PO Comedy podcast. Again, nominated for two awards. Best American Football Podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast.


Please go vote for or us. The link is pinned in the chat and on our social pages in all of our blogs, the Vikings move to 12 and two tied for the best record in the NFC with the Detroit. Lions gonna be very, very interesting. The lions beat them early in the year. The Vikings traveled to Detroit. The injuries are starting to mount. They had 13 players already on the defensive side of football already on ir. Two more go on our McNeil, the great defensive tackle they got. Carlton Davis the third. He's on, currently on now. So now that makes it 15. The injuries are starting to mount, so that's gonna be a very interesting game. And if I'm not mistaken, they played the last game of the season, but the Vikings beat the Bears and moved 30 to 12, moved to 12 and two with the striking distance of the Detroit Lions.


And remember, like I said, Detroit kicked the field goal early in the year to beat the Minnesota in Minnesota. Total yards. The Bears had 2 83, the Vikings had 3 29 total rush yards. Bears was one 12, Vikings were one 14. Caleb Williams was 18 of 31, 1 91, 1 touchdown, zero interceptions. And Sam Donald was 24, 42, 31, 1 touchdown, one interception. Like I said, guys, OCHO is having some technical difficulties, so, but we wanted to get this thing on the road, but when you watch this game, Minnesota looks really good. And I think because Detroit has played so well for such a long time, people have kind of put Minnesota, kind of put Minnesota kind of put Green Bay kind of on the back burner.


But if you watch them throughout the entirety of the season, they're a very good team. They bring a lot of pressure. They can get to your quarterback. Green Bay. We saw Green Bay last night against Seattle, and Seattle had been playing really well. But I think those are two teams, clearly all three teams in the NFC North, there are four teams, but the Bears are not going anywhere. Not with that record. They're four and 10 with three games remaining. So the best they could do is seven and 10. But Minnesota 12 and two, Detroit 12 and two, I think the Packers are 10 and four. So those three teams are gonna be gonna have a very, very presence, strong presence in the in, in the playoffs. But I like what I saw from Minnesota. The Bears have gotta do a better job of starting.


They just start entirely too slow. They're giving teams 10, 13, 17 point leads and then they try to work their way back late in the ball game. And they're not a good enough football team to overcome those slow starts. So they're gonna have to do a better job. I don't know if, if it's scripting plays, I don't know what's going on. But if you look at them, they've done a very poor job of starting ball games. And when you, when you start ball games like that, and when you start with a rookie quarterback and you're not, and your your talent, I mean, they have some skilled position players. Offensive line is not the greatest. But I do think Caleb Williams holds onto the ball entirely too long. There's some plays that he had that were made. He had r Dunay right over the middle and he, he went away from him.


And I don't know why he would do something like that. 'cause clearly he's not comfortable just yet of, of making the right decisions and letting the football go on cue and on on rhythm. And so he's gonna have to get better on that. But give him some time. He is a rookie. There's a big difference between it being a a, a rookie quarterback and being a a, a vet in college. You know, obviously he could make plays off script in college, but those don't happen very often in the NFL and you're not trying to make a living making plays like that. But Minnesota looked really good and this, and with the injuries that Detroit is having, they're vulnerable. They're very, very vulnerable.


I think Philly's 12 and two also, right? They've only lost two games. Yeah, Philly's 12 and two also. And so when you look at that, you got Minnesota at 12 and two. You got Detroit at 12 and two, you got the Eagles at 12 and two. And if you put up, if, if, if you say put some money down that matters to you, who you think I, who I think the best team in the NFC is, I would say the Eagles based on their defense at that front line. And, and, and as much as, you know, been speculation about happy, who's happy, who's not happy, seemingly b bickering on the sidelines every single week. I still, based on what I've seen from the Eagles, but based on what I've seen from Detroit, now the injuries start to mount and their defense is compromised.


I think the Eagles are the best team in the NFC. I think Minnesota is gonna be, see, I I think Minnesota gonna give Detroit all they can handle. And at the end of the day, it comes down to it's not who's playing, who's healthiest, what's, who's the healthiest team and who's playing the best. But it's Minnesota had to be pleased with what they did tonight to beat a a division rival. You know, it's very tough to beat division rivals, Chicago, Minnesota, there's no love lost. But Minnesota dominated this ball game. And you saw that in the score. You saw that everywhere. They just, they just did a great job of, of handling their business and taking care of business. That's what you expect of a team.


That's a 12 and two, this game, the Minnesota and Chicago. Minnesota wins the game. 30 to 12, Minnesota moves to 12 and two, tied with Detroit and Philly with the best record in the NFC Chicago falls to four and 10 Minnesota wins. 30 to 12. What'd you like about what you saw? Listen, tonight's game, Minnesota obviously looked, looked very good, very good. What Sam Donald's been able to do, you know, for the Viking, with JJ McCarthy going out, we ain't able to. Most of the time when you think about backup quarterbacks, your your backup, he's a backup for a reason for him to come in and make them almost a super, a Super Bowl contender, only losing two games a season.


He's been very good offensively, he's really played himself into another big deal. I'm not talking $50 million quarterback type money. I'm talking about, you know, your Baker Mayfield, you know, three, three for 40 something, something like that. And he's given the, he's given them a chance and there's, there's a good chance he does come back. He, he does come back there on, on something small based on what they've seen, the small sample size, what they've seen this year. He's, he's played very well. And again, tonight he's done the same thing. Jordan Addison, Justin Jefferson, that I can't, I can't think of the, the the Titan's last name. PJ Hawkinson Hawkinson looking good. And it just look good.


Goddamn on the other end of the spectrum, Caleb Williams, I don't know if it's the play calling, I don't, he has all the weapons. He has all the weapons he needs to succeed. I don't know if it's a play calling or not, but maybe his, his decision making, getting the ball out a little faster. I mean the officer coordinator would, would basically know Caleb Williams' strengths and his weaknesses. I'm not sure if there, the play calling is to Caleb Williams' best strengths. He does need to start fast, like you said earlier, just they're not good enough to be able to play from behind. So they need to do all the things right possibly that they can in the beginning to at least compete with other teams because they're not that bad.


No, they're bad. They just, no, no, no, No. They, they not that bad because obviously any, every team is a quarterback away. You look what Jayden Daniels has done for the commanders. You look at some of, look what Sam Donna has done when he's, when he has the right supporting cast around him outside of when he was with New York, outside of when he was with Carolina. And look what he's done in Minnesota, I think for Caleb Williams is the same thing. Because you have the right supporting cast around you to be able to succeed. There's just something missing. There's just something missing. Maybe as a rookie, maybe being a rookie, your decision making isn't what it should be. Maybe it's the play call it and just something that's off because you have the pieces around you to be able to, to succeed and it's just not happening the way it should be.


Now I don't, I don't, I don't know what it can be, but there's a reason he was the number one pick. Yeah, there's a reason. He's good. He's really, he's a really good quarterback. You know, based on what we've seen so far, just in NFL as a rookie, it hasn't been what it should be and it shouldn't be like that. As good as he is. I just think it's pre-snap. He just gotta get a better job of pre-snap. He's gotta be gonna do a better job of processing and letting the football go. Like I said, there were situations that he had receivers open and for whatever reason, his eyes went elsewhere. That's not play calling. If I call a player and I got a guy open, if your number one receiver, your number one reader is open, I don't know why you would go to two without giving one a chance. And there was, there were plays like that tonight.


There were plays that'll be had. And sometimes I think he like, look, he likes playing. I think one of his, one of his strengths is, is that he's, he's very good at improvisation. He's very good at playing off script. That's not how you want to try to make a living. Now, there it is nice to have that in your back pocket. You see guys like a Lamar, you see guys like a mahome. You see guys like a, a Josh Allen be able to make plays off script. But that's not how you wanna live, right? You wanna be able to go through process information very rapidly. 1, 2, 3, check it down, throw it away. That's how you have to do it. That's the only way to be successful. You are not gonna make a living in this league continuously making plays off script.


It's just, it's just too difficult for you to do. And so at some point in time, maybe it's play calling, but we see a situation when they fall behind. But I know what happens when you fall behind, you can throw caution to the wind. It's easy for you to play free because you're already behind by 21 point. So who cares if you fall behind by 28, 31 or whatever the case may be. But at some point in time, they're gonna have to do a better job of starting because they do not have the team that's well enough that's equipped to overcome 14, 17 point deficit. Right? And so that's it and of itself, give yourself a chance. And we saw them against Detroit, they started terrible and then they got going right there in the end of Detroit. Ended up winning the ball game.


So we've seen them play well falling behind, but I just don't think that's a, that's a, a great way to try to win football games, Ocho is to try to, you know, continuously fall behind and then ask your rookie quarterback to try to now make plays to win you the ballgame. You See. You see, but maybe that's the issue. You, you said, you said it right as a coordinator, obviously when you fall behind, you said it, you throw caution to win and you just play freely. You go off goddamn script and you run what you think is gonna work and what you need for one to score touchdowns and to get yards and chunk plays. Maybe you should start the game like that the same way you do and pretend as if, you know what, we're down right now, hell fuck it.


We throwing caution to win, right? We're losing. So I'm gonna call the game as such and allow Caleb to do what he does best. As you said, playing off script. What you shouldn't do, obviously you as a quarterback, you wanna do you, you wanna be able to run a normal offense, be able to go through your progression, be able to go through your reads, you know, and make sure you anticipate your anticipatory, your anticipatory skills are what they should be and being able to facilitate the ball with that progression. And maybe that's just not his strength right now. No. So why not just play to a strength and maybe that's why they look so good coming back against Detroit. So what's the strength Playing off script? You can't play like That. Playing off script. Being able being, being able To, you can't call play ocho, you can't call plays, you can't call you, you call a play.


The play is not meant to be when you call a play, most plays are meant to do certain things. You can't say, okay, well this play gonna break down and just go off script. That's, that's intuition. Okay. Yeah, right. I know what you meant. I, I mean, I mean going off script, you know, let's say like, you know, as we, I'm not sure if y'all did this first 15 plays of the game, they Scripted. Scripted, yes. Yeah, it scripted. Yes. I'm just saying call it a little bit more freely as opposed to how you would do if it was the beginning, be beginning of a game. No, that's all. Now I don't, I I don't, I personally don't know what that looked like for them. I just know hell, when you got damn behind the play call is much different as opposed to whatever your normal tendencies would be on a first down, second down, third down, whatever it may be.


But you also got, I just say because They look completely different when they fucking down. But you also gotta factor in, the defense plays you different when they got a 21 point or 17 point lead. So they'll give you stuff, they'll let you nickel and dime your way down the field. So I have to call the game accordingly because I don't know, I'm basic off when I call the first 15, that's the one thing I know what we've seen on film study is that more times than not, they're gonna give us these defenses. Yeah. Now once we get past those first 15, we've gotta play football, they're gonna settle in, we're gonna settle in and now we go play. Now once I get a big lead, all I'm telling my guys nothing cheap, nothing deep. Right. I'm not gonna, I, I nickel your way down the field.


We're not gonna give you big chunk plays. And so now all of a sudden the bing, the bing, the 10 yard of the five yarders, the eight yard routes, they're available because nobody wants that wants the guys to get behind them. They have, I mean when you script the first, how do you f up the first 15 bro, you've been practicing these plays all week. You come in on Friday, you have a good idea what you're gonna do. You talk, you walk through 'em on Saturday. I'm trying to figure out how, I mean bro, y'all gotta do a better job than that. Y'all got to. But Minnesota 12, two in the wildcard position because they happen to be in the same division as Detroit. And Detroit owns the tiebreaker because they beaten Minnesota head to head.


That could change moving forward. It could easily be Minnesota be the number one seed. It could easily be the Eagles have the number one seed, but I just don't know how the lions, with all these injuries that starting to, to mount on the defensive side of the football, I don't know how they hold onto that number one seed if they do given the injuries that they've deal that they're dealing with. Right. Man, you gotta go ahead and give Dan Campbell Campbell the coach of the year. Yeah, most definitely. Well I was thinking about it, I'm thinking about those that are free that can come in and help right away and play. Right now Carlton Davis is out Broken Jaw, right? Yes. If I'm not mistaken. Broken Jaw. I'm thinking Xavier Howard, Xavier Howard is, is, is is out there right now.


I think that's someone that can come in and fill that and fill that spot. Very, very scared. Is He in shape? Huh? Is he in shape? Oh you know he been working out. You, you know he been working out now I don't, I I don't know personally. I'm just saying based on what I've seen from him and his agent that they put out, you know, and him being available and, and wanting to come in. I think he might have had a trial. Maybe one or two if I'm not mistaken. I'm just saying being able to feel the hole so the Detroit Lions can make that run that, that that playoff run on somebody. Listen, the the lions love playing man to man. What does Xavier Howard do very well? Well not playing man Toman the last couple of years that's not what he'd been doing. Well, Right. Come on. Don't don't do that. Come on. No, You, you say what to do.


Well not playing man to man, that's not what he been doing. Well hey come on, come on. Don't Don't bang stall your mouth. Debo Bet. But you know what Ocho that I hate. When you see guys like Howard that's been a pro bowl player that's been an all pro player now they gotta send out memos and smokescreens to try to get back into the league. I tell guys all the time Ocho, it's easier to get in the league and stay than get in the league. Get out and try to get back in. Right. So once you're in Ocho, once you're in, it's easy to get in the club. Yes sir. But what they say and what they, when you go to a sporting event, when you go to a, if you leave the arena, there will be no more reentry. Right. So that's what I'm trying to tell these players. O Joe. Yes sir.


And they don't wanna listen. It's easier to get into the league and stay as opposed to getting in, getting out and try to get back in because now people starting to look, okay, so what happened? Why is he not in the league? Right? And so look, there's some is issues off the field. Hopefully he got those resolved so that if the guy can play, I'm sure Detroit is gonna kick kick the tires again. Ocho right? I don't know if he had a, a trial with them. Like I said, I haven't been following that closely. I'm sure they're gonna kick the tires again. Maybe they have guys on the practice squad that they elevate. No, no, no. Come on now. Come on now we know we, we we talk about practice squad and we talk about players that that have, that have the experience to be able to play the position.


So Aaron Glen can do some of the things that he wants to do. We don't have to change much. And how do you do that? By going out and getting a veteran that's, that would, that's been good at what they do. Whether it looks like it did five years ago or not. You have someone that's familiar with defense, that's familiar with covering especially man to man, which Aaron Glenn, those boys like to do. And that that has a, a lot of interceptions and it will always have himself in position to make those plays as you make this run. And then hell, you got fresh legs, you know, you have no wear and tear so you get the best version of that individual or whatever they have left in the tank. And I think it would, it would be a good look as far as the, the the second level is concerned. I don't really know about linebackers. I mean, I'm just gonna be honest with you, I don't know about linebackers and what their avail Availability may be as far as somebody coming off the street or somebody that's played the game for a while.


And I don't know about deep end, but you got what you got. Actually I speak to the skill position in dbs. You got what you got now, Ojo. And the thing is, is that what concerns me is that catching up with the speed of the game because you know that's a different mentality when you on that age. Yeah. Now you on Rockers Island and now and the Sharks because you, Hey, all I know is if I was playing and I see a guy and he been outta the league for 13, 14 weeks and he just coming back, I'm gonna cook his ass. Yeah. Ain't no if saying the bus about it, I don't care what you were, I just know you not walking back in being that same player.


Now you might, you might build back up and become some resemblance of that. But I know your first couple of games back, you ain't gonna be him. And because guess what happens though, Joe, when you start working like, like that soft tissue injuries. Oh Yeah. Because you and I both know he ain't been, he ain't been backpedaling plant stop cutting, turning, twisting and running like this. Like he gonna be in the game. Right? Yeah. And because practice you gonna be sore after those first couple of practices. You know how sore you are. Think about how hard you work out in the off season. Yeah. You pick your black ass to practice those. That mini those training camp, those first different It's different. Was it different by the, by the time you hit that day three Still ain't no be, ain't no bend you walking like Frankenstein ain't no, ain't no be, ain't no flagship, ain't none of that.


Everything hurt. You get outta bed, your ankles hurt, your hips hurt, your knees hurt because all that stop starting plant cutting, transitioning, man. But I would look, what do you got to lose? I mean, you got guys going down, but the problem they got is because a lot of it, they got interior guys, they got linebackers going down. They ain't just got a a specific position. They're going down, they're dropping like flies at all position D-line linebackers and secondary. Yeah. And at some point in time, and as I was saying today on first take at some point in time, the man that's next to the man that's next to the man ain't enough. It just isn't. Yeah.


Listen, listen, what? And one of the most important things for teams going into the, going into the back half of the season and into the playoffs, it ain't having the best team. It's about how many players you have healthy when that time comes. The Healthy team. Yeah. The, the healthiest and everybody hurt. Yes. You know, people in the chat, people that, people that they're watching. Everybody ain't, everybody's not healthy. You know, you don't feel the way you did going out week one. Everybody got something wrong with 'em. Everybody's nicked up. Everybody's nerd. It's a, it is a nick and knack or it's something. There is no team that is completely healthy. But how many players you have going to the back half of the season heading into the playoffs and how many can, can withstand whatever those injuries may be.


Man, you, you know, you're lucky. You lucky. Especially this time of year


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Coby from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Make holiday gifting stress-free with guardian bikes with guaranteed one to two day shipping for just $29 you can trust Your gift will arrive in time to create magical memories this holiday season. Plus sign up for their newsletter to receive a free bike log and pub with your first purchase, the perfect stocking stuffer for any kid on your list. Visit guardian bikes.com to secure the ultimate holiday gift today. Happy riding.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we will talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or Wherever you listen to podcast.


Updated playoff pictures, the number one seed in the NFC, the Detroit Lions at 12 and two. The Eagles, which has to be the number one, has the, the top seed in the the NFC East. They're number two at 12 and two. The bucks are eight and six and number three, the Rams are eight and six and number four. Those are your four division leaders. The first wild card is 12 and two Minnesota. The second wild card is 10 and four. Green Bay Washington needs one more win to secure themselves. Well yeah, I think if they get one more win they'll they'll make the playoffs. Yeah, that'd be, that'd be 10 and five.


Yep. And now Seattle theoretically could get to, could get to, to get the 11 wins. Atlanta could get the 10 wins. Arizona could get the 10 wins. But those are the teams that really control their destiny. Everybody else, the 49 ERs, the Cowboys, they need help because they get the cowboy. They can't get the 10 wins. So you've got the hope Ocho you got the hope that you went out and then somebody else takes care of business, helps you take care of your business. Right. But Imagine, imagine if this, I mean hypothetically speaking, when, when you think about it, imagine the Cowboys get to the playoffs.


I ain't Hypo that. I ain't tical. So they have it. You just said it yourself. You just, you just named them as a team that can rely on other teams for something to happen and just mysteriously go their way where they happen to get in. But Here's the thing. They got, they got to go to Philly. Philly's trying to get the number one seed. They're not, I don't, I don't see them beating Philly and Washington needs one more win. See if Washington gets another win, the Cowboys can't catch em. It's a Yeah, it's a wrap. So all Washington has to do is get to 10 wins and they can't And, and, and the Cowboys can't catch 'em Now Green Bay already has 10 wins. Minnesota has 12 wins.


The Rams and see the ram. The the thing, what they have is that they're in that divi, they're in a division now. It's gonna be very, very interesting how it shapes out between the Rams, the Seahawks and the cards. Yeah. But Those team gets to 10 wins. It's over for cowboys because the cowboys can only get the nine. Yeah. And and and speaking of those three teams, you just said Cardinal Seahawks of the Rams, I think the one team that no team, I don't care who you are, I don't care how good your defense is, I don't care what you say or what you're ranked statistically offensively or defensively. You don't wanna see the Rams offense in the postseason. They Look good. They Look good. Hey, you don't wanna see that offense with both receivers back healthy.


No. What it, the thing that's been really impressive about me is Kyron Williams' ability to run the football. Hey. And so when he runs it Ocho guess what that means? Yeah. That play action Opens up everything. Now you got Puka on the over now you got Cooper Cup on the sale now you got at well and so you got guys that can make plays in the passing game and everything is predicated that zone running scheme the shed that you know, hey, that was made famous by Mike Kyle runs it. Is that when you can run the football and now I can play action off of it? Hey, linebackers gotta come up. They gotta try to get down the field and stop that running. Ain't got no choice, got no choice.


They ain't Got no choice but to check. I call it, they gotta check the door 'cause somebody knocking. Jaylen Johnson said he was unaware that he did not have the captaincy on his jury today. When asked after the game, he's one of the eight captains that have worn the sea in every other game. Said he would talk to Barry's equipment manager Tony Madeline, for an explanation. Why wouldn't he have it on there? I don't know. I'm I'm curious. I hell, I thought how I thought the JI thought it was all, once you sew it on, It's Already there. You know what Ocho Now maybe was this the first time they wore those jerseys? Because it seemed like, like, like Minnesota had a different color uniform. I don't know what Yeah, maybe they had some ice whites, some ice white uniforms. So Jerseys the same.


Maybe Chicago had those, what do they call it, color rush or something. I, but I I'm thinking Ocho, once you sold the captain seasons on and you wear the jersey there, I mean, what do you do? But hold on. Huh? They don't wear the same jerseys though. Huh? You think, you think they they wear Oh Yeah. You wear the same jersey? Hell yeah. A a unless, unless No, I'm saying Ocho now obviously you have a home jersey, you have a away jersey right now if it gets ripped or something like that. Okay. Maybe. Or, or if you give it away, you know what I'm saying? Ocho So, because you know a lot of guys, they trade jerseys, right. They trade trade jerseys after the game. But man, I mean, hell I wore the saved jersey because you could see, well they done stitch mine up.


They done got, had it torn. They done sold that thing up. Man. Hey, hey team. Hey. That's why when you trade jerseys at first the teams covered that. Oh hell no. These jerseys like a hundred something and y'all giving them away every game. Oh no. Y'all about to this gonna, this plus 200 gonna come at y'all check. It's hell nah. So yeah, IIII can imagine that he looking down, he looked down and I, he said he didn't know that he didn't have the C on his jersey. And I'm glad 'cause it just goes to show that hey, he wasn't worried about that. He going out there to play football and try to win a game. I ain't worried about it.


That's something, I don't know if he, if he's being truthful or not Ocho, but it lets me know. Look, I'm trying to win a game and we'll address this issue after the game issue. Is he, listen, he came, he can't, I don't know if you saw him dressed before the game, but he came dressed to play football. Yeah, he came The one that came. Which one came by? Frank Lucas. That was, that was jail. Okay. Okay. That was him. Okay. He came like Frank Lucas, Hey, he looked like he looked like one of Detroit Detroit players. Now You remember when Frank Lucas went to the Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier Fried Madison Square Guard, that's the same exact same exact same coat in hat and, And he got his ass bus because they like, hold on. Yeah. That with that outfit sitting that close to the rig. And, and that's exactly how he got caught up because they didn't have, they had no clue who he was until you decided to step out and be flamboyant.


And that, I mean, 'cause think about what that cost, that's probably a hundred. That was probably like 50, 50, 70 5,000 back in the seventies. Do you know how much That's probably about Street four pound. But that would, that was Chin now. Yes. You know how much Chin Chili is at today, at today's Market? I have been chili because I definitely wouldn't have had that coat on. I'd just been Chili. Chili. Hold on. Don't forget the hat now. Yes, that was, Yes. Remember back in the day when my, my, I'm talking about my grandma. When my grandma used to go To her. Oh yeah. Oh, oh. The old ladies always white grandma Them Hats. Them Hats. Yeah. Them deacon, them deacon asses. What? Boy, ain't nobody wanted to see my grandma hat game boy. Oh yeah. Nobody wanted to see my grandma hat game boy.


She had all type of, she had all type of shit. We Put my white, Black, red, she had a dress and a hat for every dressing heel and a clutch. Hey, play whatever you want To, we put my grandma on the ground with a hat on. For real. Yeah. She told my sister she wanted to be in her hat. Right. That's last. She had a, she had her hat, her sunglasses. Yeah, her Everything. Yes, yes, yes sir. You never go see. Yeah, I, I don't remember. And like I said, I've never, I've never seen my grandmother go to church without a hat. Yeah. Never. Yeah. And if she forgot it, you gonna turn around and go get it.


Yeah. Very poor to go have that hat on the old lady. Them old ladies. That was the thing. The old ladies wore half back then. They, you know, deacon asses or the sisters of the church. Hey, Hey, you know who had the Best Hat collection? The pastor wife? Yes, Absolutely. Whoever The pastor wife. Oh, she, hey, she came stepping every Sunday Deacons. My grandmother was mother of the church. So you know, they had to get up there. They had to get up there and they had to, they had to step. But Yeah, so I, I was working, I I saw it on my feed ocho on my igb. Yeah. You didn't realize who it was. I ain't no attention. I just, you know, I just scrolled through and I was like, damn dude got on that Frank Lucas get up because it looked exactly. If I didn't know better, he went let get, get to Frank.


Who Frank Lucas showed him a picture. Right. Can you get me a coat and a hat Look just like this and that, that's Matter. Matter. It's so funny when they tweeted, when the Bears, when the Bears social media account tweeted it, I retweeted it back with a picture of Frank Lucas and the original picture. Yes. Standing with everybody, with his wife and everything with a comparison. So I'm like, well ain't that bother me? Yes, that's the exact ensemble. And that thing long too. Yeah, Clean. Oh that Long. Now you know, you get a I Jacket. You get a jacket don't, huh? Yeah. Huh. You can get a, you can get a jacket, right. Or you can get the mid or you can get the, what they call the clothing Long. They like you go long. You like you from Detroit now and step You Straight Detroit.


But See that what they had them Stacey, out of them Gators. Ooh, Timeout. What you know about Stacey Adams? Man, come on man. Now you know them old them Stacey Adams. Yeah, I went to church. The men had the Stacey Adam boots, you know, they had them came up about right here, Ocho and they had them on real socks. Yeah, yeah. Hold On. It's so, it's so funny. Hold on, hold on. You not if I tell you you're not gonna believe me. Hold on. If you tell, listen, hold on, hold on. I got the Stacey Adam, listen, you know I roller skate. I roller skate heavy. Yeah. Anybody in that, the chat that's from the west coast specifically LA I have my Stacey Adams, they all read roller skates.


Okay. Yeah. With with the small wheel. Yeah. And I, if if I, if I don't show it to you, you'll be like, man, stop lying. Now I don't know if I can zoom. I don't know if this picture, Okay. Yeah, I see it. Can you see that? Yeah. Yeah. Then, Then my, my them, my red skates made by skate fanatics for those of you that are on Instagram Skate fanatics on Instagram, my Red Stacey Adams. So as soon as you said Stacey Adams, I thought to myself, wait a minute, I got some damn red Stacey Adams skates because they call 'em sliders in LA Now, you know, you slide on, on the wood because the, the way the wheels are made, it, it, it allows you to slide smoothly instead of really have grip. Well, you know, a slider is a slider is a a, a car is not your main car, it's your secondary car.


That's Slide. Hey. But it is a, it's a way, it's a style of, it's a style of skating, you know, normally known on the west coast for those that, that roll out that way. But, you know, I'm, I, I love skating. I love skating. I don't know how long you were in la but I'm just saying if you, I'm not sure if you remember, it's no longer there. Now remember, world on Wheels. I know I've Heard 'em, but I Yeah, no, I, I've never, I've never been. Yeah, you gotta, You gotta think When I was at Santa Monica, I was at World on Wheels back in 97. Yeah. Going to the sessions 97, 98 and 99. And that's where my love for, for skating has started. And I still do it to this day. Hey. But anyway, we all off topic, but go ahead.


But I remember early nineties we got to, you had to, I don't know Chad, if y'all remember the ma and I had ma that was the Gators and they came. Okay. Okay. You know, I had the black pair, I had a brown pair, a cognac pair come on back. Yeah. Everybody had, you know, you had purple, you had green, you had black, you had, back then the guys had a pair of gators to match every suit that they had. So if you wore a black suit, you wore black gators, you wore a purple suit, you had purple G you wore a green suit, you had green tan match. Everybody, you show up on the plane, 40 brothers with MAs on.


Hey, hey, clean, clean, clean is a board of hell though. I take that Clean. I know y'all, I, if y'all remember, but every color Ma I don't even know if ma still makes shoes. I'm sure they do. Everybody had those big ga had those big and the square to Ocho because back then everybody had to kick it. Yeah. Like the old kicking, like the straight on kickers had the square to Yeah. Yeah. Yes. That's, that's dope. That's Dope. The Falcon survived in Las Vegas. 15 to nine. Desmond Ritter last second Heathing to the end zone was interception, intercepted the Raiders Fall a two and 12.


That's how you do it. Make like you trying to win Ocho so you don more paid. Yeah. And nobody will say anything about, about the Falcons prove the seven and seven keep pace. They're one game behind the Buccaneers. That's why First Cousin still starting Falcons managed to stay within one game of Tampa Bay in the NFC South Raheem Morris on. And Kirk Cousins, he's got to play better. We, we have to find way, find a way to get him to play better. We have to play better at the quarterback position. Atlanta's office was pedestrian once again, mustering 2 61 yards, only 14 first Downs. Cousins was finished on the night. 11 of 17, 112 yards and a touchdowns and an interception.


Gotta stop turning The ball over. Ojo. That's what it is. He's, he's on a horrible four, a horrible three or four game ski as far as turning the ball over is concerned. The quarterback is what gives your chance, your team a chance to win, period. Yeah. And again, when you play as bad as you do, and the reason they won the game tonight is because you're playing against a very bad Raiders team. That's true. You won tonight because you're playing against a bad Raiders team. If you're playing against anybody else, oh, You get the hell beat, aren't you? You, you would've got, you got, you would've got your, your ass handed to you tonight. You know, Kirk Cousins has to play bad. I'm not sure what you call that as a quarterback as far as baseball is concerned. For better context, he Had a slump. He's in slump, He's in a ho.


But this is a horrible slump. One that one that when it comes to baseball, it's just you in the pitcher. So you have to work on everything yourself. This one, you are the quarterback. You have 10 others to make sure, you know what, we gonna make sure you get it right and you got 10 other people to help you do it. Now the only thing on your part is, is your goddamn decision making with the ball. Yeah. You've been playing football long enough to know what's in front of you. You've been playing football long enough playing the, the quarterback position long enough to be able to read your coverages. Understanding the disguises that you're seeing before the snap of the ball, understanding where players are going to be after the snap of the ball, where these mistakes shouldn't be, shouldn't be being made by a savvy veteran like yourself.


It j it just shouldn't. And again, the only reason they did the, I mean the Falcon, the only reason the Falcon didn't lose the night is because you're playing the goddamn Raiders. That's it. And you know, another thing on top of this, I'm hoping Mark Davis understanding that Antonio Pierce hasn't got a fair shot. No, You ain't win without quarterback. He hasn't had a goddamn quarterback. No. And it'd be totally unfair. I hope he does. I hope he has the patience and understanding that, you know, and allowing Antonio players to get a quarterback so they can build around him so they can have a chance to compete not only in that division, but along with the rest of the NFL as well, like other teams have done. If you look at, I'm not saying the Bears have their answer and Caleb Williams, they have to continue to build, but Jayden Daniels, you know, it, it is shown.


But yeah, that's it. Bryce Young, you know, the, it's shown The Falcons did everything they could to try to take the ball out of cousin's hand. They ran it 37 times. They only allowed him to throw at 17. So you see what they tried to do and they tried to make it simple because now we run it, now we play action off of it. But he's in a, he's in a horrible slump and, and right now he's like overthinking it. He's trying to aim the football and I just don't know, I don't know if that's the correct way to get out of that funk that he's in. Yeah. But they still have a chance or Joe to, they have a chance to, to make the playoffs and win the division. Right. And that's why, that's why they haven't bench him.


That's Absolutely Penn Jr. In there. That's why that's it. Because they know, they know what Kirk can do. We know what Kirk can do. Listen, we seen Kirk going on a goddamn run where he's a monster in the regular season. We, we, I mean I've seen it. You've seen it, you know, but I, I just, I I don't know when it's gonna come be, but if, if we're gonna get to the old Kirk that we used to seeing, obviously we can't call him playoff Kirk because he has one playoff win. But at some point when you turn it around, let's turn it around for the good Right. For the good going forward because you got everything you need on offense. You know, B John is special. He's special. Yeah. He had 22 carries the night for a buck 25. Algire had 12 or 43 cousins, you know, sacks.


But he ended up, you know, he got sack three times for 19 yards. They had 168 yards rushing on 37 carries. You could live, you could live with that little over four, about four and a half yards of carry. But 11 for 17, bro, I'm paying this man, I'm paying this man 50 mil a year. And this man gave me 11 or 17. But ocho at the place that we're, they're scared right now. I got, I, hey, I gotta take what I can get. They scared. I gotta, I can't, I can't trust him. I don't trust him. Fullheartedly, I got, I took the key back, you know, I said old lady, I took the key back, ojo, nah, you let me know when you coming. You just can't come and come as you, you just can't come and go as you please, Kurt cousin.


We just not gonna allow you to willy-nilly just throw the football all over the field. Right, right. You've shown me some things that says that I shouldn't trust you. So I like That. Yeah. Yeah. I like Adam Shep reporting. Mark Davis had a chance to stand behind Antonio Pierce at the owner's meeting and he didn't, it didn't sound like he's an absolute lock to be back with the Raiders at all. Ocho Whoa. Will the Raiders bring Antonio Pierce back next season? I just talked about that out the blue. What? Hey Mark Davis, what we doing? Well, what are we doing? Mark is like his dad Ocho he likes names. If you go back and look at, if you go back and look at with his dad, Al look at his hires, he likes to flash.


Now he go do like he hired John man at a very young age. Young. You go, yeah. He went and he hired a, a art shell. The first black cut head coach in the modern era Art you look at, he make a big splash with John Gruden. He makes a splash with Lane Kipping. That's what he tends, that's what he likes. That and his and his, his son is just like the old man. He likes names. Right. One of the reasons why I'm surprised that they didn't give Belichick a a call because that's a big name, but Tom, I believe Brady is gonna have. So I don't believe do I believe Antonio Pea has been given fair fairs where you judge pigs, you could eat cotton candy, ride the merry-go-round.


That's what a fair is. Yeah. But in this situation, I believe Tom is gonna have a lot of say on whether Antonio Pierce stays or Gold and he, Tom is gonna survey the land. There's a reason why they gave this guy, they gave him an opportunity to have ownership stake because they wanted to have some say in who the head coach is gonna be. So could I see a scenario where Antonio Pierce is not back next year? 1700000000%. Damn, I don't like that. Huh? I don't like that. As a former player, you understand what it takes win in this NLA blind man that can't see, understands what it takes to win as a team in the NFL or what it starts with.


Right. It always starts with the quarterback position. If you don't have a quarterback, you're gonna have hell trying to compete week in and week out. Everybody knows that. Even if you're a casual fan of the game and don't enjoy it that much, you know, it starts at a quarterback position. They haven't had that at all. At all, and it's been a while, maybe three or four years. I'm not sure how long it's been since Derek Carl left, but they haven't found the answer and the centerpiece to be able to build around. Yes. Now this is upcoming draft. Now we gonna have that, we gonna have that going to get names. What is going to get names going to do? Huh? You have a coach already in Antonio Pierce that the players resonate with No different than Dan Campbell.


I'm not comparing the two as far as coaching is concerned. I'm talking about former players that played the game that the players would be able to relate to. That is young. You know, I, I just like, I don't, I don't know as a owner, they, they think differently. Him saying, oh, I wanna get big names just to say and make a splash for fucking what? Because Here's the thing About Joe, it's what you have in that locker room and having someone who's gonna be a leader of men in a position of power that can get everything out of those players. And you have that with Antonio Pierce, but the only issue is I ain't got nobody ain't got hell. It's like having a car with no motherfucking steering wheel. That bitch, that bitch should go. You, it could go, but you can't go where you want to because you ain't got shit to steer with.


I think Ocho the thing is, what makes it difficult for Las Vegas and LA markets is that you have a lot of transient, what I mean by that, Ocho, there are not a lot of homegrown people in la not a whole lot of homegrown people in Vegas. And so unless you win and not coming, there's too much to do in Las Vegas. There's too much to do in Los Angeles. So what I gotta do, I gotta get a, I gotta get a a a Sean McVay a 30 something year old. Old and, and you see what they do, they go for it every year. They go out and get, they, they make the trade for Matthew Stafford. They make the trade for J Ram.


They go, hey, they go all in. They go get a VN Miller. They go get a Leonard Floyd. Hey, we don't care. We going all in because we gotta win. There's too much going on in la. I can be at Malibu, I can be at Samo, Sam Santa Monica. I can be eating on a deck. I can be, I can be at the Ivy. There's too much going on for me to sit my ass in confines of a stadium and we lose it. Now if you, the Dodgers there, Dodgers have been there for such a long time. The Lakers a staple. They've been there for a long time, but not football teams in Las Vegas. You just got a football team, what, three, four years ago. Right. And the most of the time, a lot of the fans, hey, the casinos, they, they let their, they let their, the rollers get those tickets.


We not winning. I ain't going because first of all, the Raider's, not even my team. I like the Steelers. I like the Broncos or I like this team. I like that team. That's why when you go to, if, I don't know if you've ever been to SoFi, when the Rams play Team Yeah. Always have more fans than the Rams. Right. Same thing with La Las Vegas. And so you've got to win or you've got to have something to draw the fans in to make them wanna come watch ocho. Hey, you know, I'm, I'm just thinking the, a sporting event in general, obviously there's no football team in Vegas outside of, you know, you have college, you have the UNLV rebels.


I'm not sure if they have a Team. They got hockey, they got, they, they're about to have the four major sports. They got the Oh, they Got night the knights, they Got the knights, they got the knight, they got hockey. They're about to get a basketball team. Baseball is coming in a couple of years. Right. They got a, they got a woman's basketball. They got a woman's basketball. Okay, Okay. NB And they got football. So they got the four major sports. Yeah, but I'm just thinking out outside of the events, the excu not Excu. I don't think excursion is the right word. Some of the things you can do, you got the spear, you got the spear, you got the spear, the casinos, you have the show. See man, I coming to Vegas. I'm coming to Vegas to gamble. I ain't, I'm coming to Vegas to gamble. Get effing Mary. I ain't coming to watch those. No you aint. No listen, the football game, a a football game is a good, that's a good thing to plan if you're going to Vegas along with what you just said.


Listen, I'm going to get married, I'm going to get hitched, you know. Oh shit, they gave me a good idea. But anyway, you going, you going to Vegas, you're going to get hitched, right? Yes. You think about it, you going, you're going to gamble. You going to, you going to one of them goddamn shows. One of them shows. Yes. Blue, blue man group Here tell, I don't know what it may be, but having a football game, 'cause I'm in Vegas on the goddamn schedule is perfect. It don't get no better than that. Especially if it's hockey season. Hell, the Knights ain't there for the height. Just the height. The Knights, the Knight just won Stanley Cup not too long ago. Yeah, they're good. They're good. They're competitive. Hey look, I'm gonna a show.


I'm gonna get married. Yeah. I'm gonna gamble. Yeah, they got really good food out here. So the buffet, oh yeah, you, you better and you better eat now. You know what? Hopefully I can make the football game because you know, football is played on Sunday. Do you know how the people are on Saturday night? They gambling and they're drinking? Yeah. All day, all night. Now what helped is the game is at one, like 1 15, 1 20. Yeah. I I got another one for you. Now this, you might not know about this man. You ever been to the Spearman Rhino? No. I've heard of it, but I've never been. Oh, you never been? Okay. How about, how about, how about girl collection? Floyd Mayweather spot? I Haven't been to Floyd's spot.


I've been to Sapphire a couple times. Okay. Okay. Sapphire. I like that color. That's a beautiful gemstone. Yeah. But have you been I like what was in there. Yeah. And they had a lot of d they had some sapphires. They had some emeralds. They have some rubies. Okay. Okay. Hold on. You ever listen when you was a kid, right? Yeah. In my kindergarten class we had a bunny. We had a bunny in my class. And the name of my bunny was Carl. I never forget Carl. And as I got older in life, I threw to Vegas and I learned about the Bunny ranch. Yeah. Been Been To the Bunny ranch. You never been there? Nope. No. Okay. I'm gonna get you a coupon because they, they got coupon for 20% off at the bunny ranch. Yeah. When I was in school. They had some bunnies in our class too, but their name wasn't called What, what name was Susan Amber.


So, but nah, if, if, like I said Bro, two and 12, and look, we know sometimes look two and 12. I mean, look at the quarterback that they gave one year. They gave him a Jimmy G. Yeah. Then you had OI don't even know who to start. Oh, Garda Mitchell started and then you had Daniel O'Connell, and now you got De Marta. It's just like, so I, it's, it's, it's a bad situation. I would, I wouldn't wish this on any, wish this on anybody because the, the, the, the, the thing that you don't want Ocho is like to like lose hope where you don't have any chance of winning.


Right. You don't, it's bad. I got a question. Yes. What happened to Garoppolo? What happened to the Garoppolo that we saw when he was at backup, the co the Tom Brady and some, some words were exchanged behind closed doors where Garoppolo was playing so well. But Brady felt he was a threat. You need to get him outta here so I don't have to look over my shoulder. Because the backup that we have is, there's a chance he might take my spot. No different than when Drew Bledso got hurt. Yes. When Williams hit and I came in and Drew never got his shot back. Well, that was not a threat. That was coach, coach Belichick. Coach Belichick really believed in Jimmy G.


And the thing is, is that you get that a lot. I wanna prove that I can win a championship without you and it, and all of a sudden it became a race to see who could win the Super Bowl first. Right. Without, would, would, would, would Coach Belichick win without Tom or would Tom win without Coach Belichick? Well, we know the answer to that. And so now everybody says, look, I mean there were people that said that they won because of Tom. People say they won because of Coach Belichick. Well, Tom went somewhere else and one went somewhere. So I think we, I think we have an answer. Yeah. And, and and, and you get that a lot. And, and, and, and that's the hardest thing Ocho when you have that level of success, It ain't good enough to say we both responsible for it.


Nah. I need 51%. Now if you can see, gimme 51%. You take 49, we gonna be okay. Yeah. But as long as there's a possibility that you might get more credit, I don't get it. Because at that point in time, Tom was still playing really, really good. And I get it. Yeah. But at, at, at, at, at, as we start to age, we need more help. Ocho it's just the same. It's just like our old, as we start to age, we start to need help. We have to write things down. We, our recall isn't what it once was. As you get older and older, you might need help getting around. Right. Well as even as great players, you need help.


Because where you used to can elevate everybody. Now you need those guys to elevate you. Elevate you. Right. It's no different. As you get older, sometimes you have to take them roast sparks because you need help. Now when you Right, I ain't gonna say you wrong. I ain't gonna say you wrong


Small business owners. This one's for you. Chase for business and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast Chase. Make more of what's yours. Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2024 JPMorgan Chase and Company.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Make holiday gifting stress free with guardian bikes with guaranteed one to two day shipping for just $29 you can trust your gift will arrive in time to create magical memories this holiday season. Plus, sign up for their newsletter to receive a free bike log and pop with your first purchase, the perfect stocking stuffer for any kid on your list. Visit guardian bikes.com to secure the ultimate holiday gift today. Happy riding.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof, eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do or yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and file What keeps you up at night? eBay things people love


Lions lose David Montgomery for the season. Ocho, how long can the lions withstand this avalanche of injuries? Oh listen, I don't think you can replace David Montgomery. You can't replace what he's meant for that offense. You can't replace what he's meant for that running game. Obviously they were a great compliment to each other. Gives in Montgomery, I think. I'm not sure what they're going to do. I'm sure I, again, this is this the situation where it's the next man up, but I don't think the next man up will be David Montgomery. I think they will be adequate to the offense and they'll be put in positions to make the plays, to make the runs and, and, and try to replicate the, the production that David Montgomery had brought to that offense.


But I think, you know, brother Jamir Gibbs and gonna have to carry it. He gonna have to show the load and, and do a little bit more than, than, than what was asked as as before. And I think he's capable of doing so and I'm not sure who the, the, the, the number two will be. Yeah, I, I don't know because all I know about them because they get all the carriers, so I don't know. I don't know who, but Yeah. Yeah, It's gonna be, it's gonna be somebody. I'm not sure who. And when it comes to the running back, you never bring someone off the, you know, off The street. Yeah. Not really, right? No, Because you probably got, they, I'm sure they got somebody on the practice squad. Right. Because I think running back is the easiest position to transition right From college, from co from high school to college.


From college to pro. Because the hardest thing for a running back to pick up is list protection pass block. Right? Yeah. As far as, as far as eyes. If you have vision, if you have balance that's there, but knowing who to block how to block them, that seems to be the problem with a lot of running backs and what they struggle with. Almond Ross St. Brown brought Prada suits for the entire Lions receivers room. Ocho what's the best gift you've gave you've ever gave or gift you've received in the locker room? Hey, that's a good one right there. Unc. I ain't, I ain't really never, never really received no gifts like that.


Unc, especially you. During Our time, during our tenure, we didn't have enough, we didn't win enough UNC where gifts were really needed. You know, we, we didn't win enough, you know, during my time outside of one season. And I think if, if, if we won enough then gifts would've been passed out for, for for certain positions. You know, I was able to reach this milestone because of y'all, because of this specific group or me giving Carson something nice because Carson didn't buy the offensive lineman because normally the offensive lineman always Oh Yeah. Quarterback, quarterback always. Especially, hey, well that 2005, that 2005 season, I can't remember what Carson bought, but I'm sure he bought that offensive line something because, oh. But that, our offense was unbelievable that year.


I don't know what the hell was happening that year, but if, if there was something, you know, I can't remember obviously because it's been too long, but I remember Carson buying something to fall the offensive linemen for what they, for what they had been doing. You know that, that, that season that we, we, we were we on fire offensively I my F 93, I was first team all pro. I was named starter of the, I was a starting tied in for the A FC and I had a $10,000 if I made the Pro Bowl bonus. Right? Right. And I went and bought the offensive lineman. I bought 'em all Rolexes stainless steel Rolexes. Whoa. Wait, hold on there.


Yep. Wait, how much was the Rolex the price? 20? It, it was like 25. It was like, it was stainless steel, like $2,500. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I, I would getting ready to say, 'cause you got me thinking about Rolexes today and, and I'm, I'm thinking about damn that's 60, 60,000 a piece As, as we talking about. And she ain't never had a watch on a day of her life. Not an Apple watch, not a Mickey Mouse. Not a time what you watch at, I've known, I've known, I've known this woman nine years. This I've never seen Ash with a watch out. Right. Hey Ash, what time is it? This is what she does. 9 39.


Look at look at her phone. You got the phone. Yeah. That's why, I mean, most people, a lot of people tell time. I don't really, I don't think I Oh, yeah. Because I've always have a watch on, so Yeah. Unless I'm working out. But yeah, I I don't really ever look at, look at my phone to get the time. I just look, looked out at my wrist. But yeah. You know, but I, I mean I've never, I'm trying to think, did I do anything else? Nah, that was it. And I was like, damn, that little 10,000 would've came in handy. Yeah, it, yeah, it was gone. But nah, it was just that I was just so, bro, I was so, I was just so excited because at that point in time, me and my brother were starters in the Pro Bowl.


We both was first team all pro. So I felt, I feel, Hey, Hey, hey, hey, hey. What that, what'd that feel like? Man, man, what'd that feel like? I'm just curious. I'm, I think about, I think about all the brothers that played Yeah, man. Played Game and made it to the, to Can you imagine what it feels like to be, you know, a Moss brother, you know, Santana, s Norris or a Kelsey. Yeah. You know, I mean the sharps, I mean, and man's. So the watts, That gotta be Yeah, that gotta be a awesome feeling, man. The for for the Bos like to have your brother man to go through life and, you know, this journey sometimes look different and, and you make it to the, to, to the pinnacle of your childhood dream and fuck.


Oh, that's, oh, That's wild. I mean, to like, to see my brother over there and he was so mad, he was so happy. Like, because I called him and told him, I said, I like, because you know, we found out that morning and so like yeah. Lunch break, I, I I, I called him, said, man, I made the Pro bowl. I'm a starter. Yeah. That dude lost his mind. That's a good feeling. Boy, I know you were hyped. What? Oh, I know you were hyped. I could imagine because I, 'cause he took me over his in 90, he made it 89. He was first team all pro. He led the league in catches and he took me over.


And so I was a rookie and to get an opportunity to be around all those guys. So now I get to meet, you know, all the guys over there. And you know, back then it was the, at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Yeah. Yeah. And so the Hilton Hawaiian Village is set up is a little different because it's access and everybody can just, just walk up. And so, you know, that's, that's good and bad, if you know what I mean. No, Yes sir. Yes sir. You know, you know, just saying. And so, but yeah, it was, it was an unbelievable honor, you know? And that year, I'm trying to think, nah, because my sister went the first two, she went in 89 and went 90.


Did she go back? Yeah, she went, she went back in 92. She went back in. So she went in 89. The first year I didn't go because I was getting ready for the East west Shrine game, all that stuff. She went in 90 and then when we, we both went in 92, I was the first alternate and Keith Jackson didn't go. So I went, that was my first pro bowler. She went again. And after that, so I went 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98. She's like, nah, I'm good. Because she, I mean, all she would do is she just order room service. She came, she would come down the first day. So that Monday everybody gets there. She down meet everybody after that. She really didn't come down anymore. She just order room service.


She's like, nah, she's just like, it's too far to fly. Right. And so, you know, she, she never, she never Went back thing about it. Boy, that's a long, that's a long flight boy. 'cause once you get to LA, you still got another five hours To go. Yeah. And you know, she was coming, she was coming from anywhere Else outside of that, especially on the east coast. Sh So she had to fly from Savannah to Atlanta. Atlanta to either La San Diego or San Francisco. Right. Sometimes we had a, they had a stop off in, in Dallas and fly there. So she's like, nah, she's not, I'm good. I'm gonna let y'all have it. So yeah. Then I started like, but then I took my coaches. So I always took my position coach. So that was every year.


And then I ended up taking, when I went to, so after I made it, I, because I had different position coaches. So every year the, the position coach, Les Deco was always, he, he's gonna be one of my favorite. He's always probably my favorite position coach. I would always take him, even though he was no longer my coach. So I would take him and Brian Peri. So now I go to Baltimore, I make it in Baltimore. So now I gotta take, I take the position coach. So it, it was great because I appreciate what they had done. 'cause everybody had taught me something different. Everybody worked with me. Everybody really helped me become the player that I became. And that was one way that I could show 'em that I appreciated it.


And I invited him all because, but all of them were, at the time were still, except for, except Stle. St. Stle was, was, he wasn't coaching, but BP was coaching. And I'm trying to think what was my man, what's my coach? Wade. Wade Harmon was my position coach was my position coach in Baltimore. And he was still coaching. But it was a, it was a great honor to bring him out, fly 'em out, put 'em up, spend a lot of money. That's that's what, that's where my, my my, that was the only time OCHO in 93 that I had, that I had incentives in my contract.


Right, Right, Right, right. And after I got screwed out of that a hundred bands, I was like, I've never put incentives in my contract again. 'cause y'all can control that. And plus I believe being the player that I am, I should lead the team in, receive it. I should go to the Pro Bowl. I should be an all pro. Y'all paying me this money. No, I don't need no more incentive. I'm, trust me, I mo I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't need to be incentivized to do my goddamn job. No, no, no, no, no, no sir. Oh, Joe Isha here hit on Trevor Lawrence boarded his $9 million guarantee for his 2025 salary due to the three game suspension. Al Al Shazer.


Yeah. Al al Sha. Okay. Alz Alz Alz Al Shaer also missed out on $300 worth of game checks and extremely costly play. Yeah. Very costly. And the, the fact that it affects that nine, that 9 million in 2025, you know, Guaranteed though, Joe Guaranteed. Yeah. That's unbelievable, huh? Yeah. And you know, in Texas they ain't got no state tax. Yeah. That's, that's, That's crazy. That's, that's crazy. Y you know, that's, that's very crazy when you think about it in, in hindsight, the game of football on where it, where, where it has gone to now, you know where it is now.


As opposed to where it was when we played in our day. You know, at That's crazy. Not they, they they not, they not playing by they money. They Not playing a they a they Not, they not playing the NFL is covering their ass because there will never be another lawsuit. Nope. Make sure we gonna dot all our motherfucking i's and cross all our T's. 'cause there won't be another era to come back and sue us No. 10 years down the line or 20 years down the line and act and win. Nope, that ain't happening. Nope. Not again. Why you think that's why I understand. They cut out all those videos. You remember they used to have jacked up and hard hits Jack? Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah.


It was, it was, it was, it was, it was well promoted. Well promoted and it, because it was a part of the game. Now they want out. And they loved it. They loved to call it, you know, player safety. I understand what you're trying to do. You're trying to protect that shield. Oh yeah. You trying to protect that money. You know, I understand it. I understand it totally. The Bengals Ocho, you guys still have a milks chance? 2%. This is how the Bengals get into the playoffs. The Bengals need to win out, need the Cols to lose one of their next three games. They need the Dolphins to lose one of their next three games. They need the Broncos to lose out.


Hey, to lose out the Broncos gotta lose out. Yeah. Okay. Can you do me a favor? Can you tell me the Broncos next three games. Now do they need to lose every Game? Every game Lose out. That's what lose Out means. Yeah. I, I, I I know what I mean, but I just, I just don't like the Broncos are playing so well offensively and defensively. I don't see them losing out. Now some of the other, other, they Play y'all. They got, they play y'all. They got, they got, they play Thursday night, they play the Chargers, they play y'all and then they close off the season with the Chiefs. Oh, now there's a good chance. Yeah. You know what? There's a good chance y'all do go one three, now that I think about it, because for one, I'm gonna tell you right now, when, when the Bango play the Broncos, we finna beat y'all ass. And when we go on the show that night, I don't want to hear you say foot Football At all.


I'm, I'm telling you right Now. Who, who y'all got who they got? I think y'all got the rate. Do y'all? No, y'all replace, y'all got the stealers. Do y'all got the Steelers again? I think we have the Steelers one more time. If I'm not mistaken. You got the stealers, the Broncos Brown and who, who we who we close off with. Y'all got Browns, Broncos, Steelers. Oh yeah. We, Hey, there's a, you talking about a 2% chance? Yep. Forget 2%. There's a whole milk, there's a whole milk chance that we go to the playoffs and we squeeze in a little wild card spot. I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I believe, I believe in my Bengals, I believe in us. 'cause of number nine, I believe in us because of Uno and God t Higgins. Now our issue, which has always been especially this goddamn season, is our defense.


They happen to be our Achilles heel this year. I'm not sure why. I'm not sure why. I don't know what's going on. But if we happen to get into the playoffs, I don't know what we gonna do defensively. I know what the hell we gonna do offensively. We, We Go one five gonna give us, I know what Chase Brown gonna give us. I know one thing. We gotta score 50. We gotta score 50, we gotta score 50. It makes the other team score 45. That's, that's it All I know. We gonna go ahead and see what we gonna put y'all at y'all misery on Thursday when we beat the Chargers. Hold on. So if y'all beat the Chargers, that mean we out completely and no circumstances Put No. Y'all see, those are the scenario.


Y'all, y'all need all of those scenarios. Damn. Hey, you know what? I, I don't, I don't. I honestly, I don't. Just, just the thought of it like it, it could, it could be another episode of me being emotional on camera again. And that's something that I don't think I can take. I can can being I like it. I like it like that. Hey, hell No. The Volume,


Your teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You probably drive your teenager around a lot. They have gymnastics club, science club rec, soccer club school, soccer club club, soccer club, and three hour clarinet club on Saturday night. Perfect. Now with an Uber teen account, you can be there even when you can't. It's an Uber account that allows your teen to request a ride under your supervision. They ride with a highly rated driver. And with live trip tracking, you can follow along the whole ride. Thank you. Add your team to your Uber account today. See app for details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs meyers.com now.


Oh man, nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chews right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side, use as directed.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Result results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at Visit Orlando dot com. That's Visit Orlando dot com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.