
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs, Bank USA, salt Lake City branch terms, and more at Apple Card dot com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal Price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


According To Adam Shepp. Pete Carroll have expressed interest in the Chicago Bears head coaching job and would like to return to the sideline next season. Three teams, the Bears, the just the Saints are in the market for a head coach who can help reset their culture. Few coaches have had it more effective than Carol doing that. Carol is one of the four head coaches that have led teams to both national championships and Super Bowls. Barry Switzer, Jimmy Johnson and Jim Harbaugh. I like, I like Pete, but not in Chicago. They need an offensive, they need look. They can get a defensive, but he has to go scour and get for a college, maybe even a college oc Yeah, That's creative.


That knows how to work with the skillset of what Caleb Williams possessed. He can't, he can't go get one of those con conventional guys that he had in, in, in, in Seattle. That ain't gonna work. Conventional. Yeah, no, you, you know what I think now we talk about the Chicago job and I like what you said about Pete Carroll, who is a player's coach. I think the coach, I mean the players will gravitate, gravitate, gravitate towards him. But you do need officer coordinator that has the creativity that can, that can help Caleb Williams. Yes. Use some of, use his skillset to adaptability, you know, and what he's able to do. Yeah.


Another, another job. Now we talked about Mike McCarthy, right? We just talked about the other night. Ben Johnson. Oh, I like that. Think about this. Ben Johnson, Dallas Cowboys head coach. You know, I haven't heard his, I heard his name mentioned before, but it was never with the Cowboys. I think Ben Johnson would be the perfect fit for the Cowboys and working with Dak and bringing some of that creativity that he does over there in Detroit. Now, he doesn't have the same personnel to be able to do some of the things he did, but based on what you have and what he knows, he has the strengths and the weaknesses of the players on that team. I think we'll do some damage as that head coach. Hell, matter of fact, head coach and offensive coordinator, keep calling the players there in Dallas too.


If the opportunity presents itself, then we win Saturday. We play Saturday. If I'm not mistaken. When, when we play and win Saturday, then we, we do, we we will take care of our business. Y'all focus to the Bronco to steal us right now. We fo we focus on the Bron Bronco country. We focus on the Broncos Bronco country Because After that game, Bronco, who? I'm sorry, y'all ain't got no, y'all talking about Welcome to the jungle, y'all. You not gonna bitch. Y'all got Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, that's, Hey, it's a jungle. It, oh, it's, it's a jungle now. Nah, y'all, we believe all We we playing y'all at, we, we going the mile high. And so what you think Finn to happen? Whole country. What you think Finn that Matter of fact, I'm gonna go to that game.


Matter of fact, I'm gonna go to that game. Hey, hey Patrick s Jr Do you realize you gonna do it On five out there When they target PS two? Huh? Their qb their their rating is like 36.1. You come out better just throwing the ball in the dirt. You'll have a high quarterback rating if you just threw the ball in the dirt. Right? You already owe me three things. So You, you want, you want best something on new, on the matchup Three band. You don't want nothing Owe you how much? Well, let's make, let's, let's double Nothing. I to the bank. Double, double nothing. Don't put your money from the bank. Nothing. Don't pay them back and say give, give double Money.


Don't make no money. Give me, I want you to gimme double what I borrowed from you and I'm gonna pay you back. Hey, No, you ain't good for it. If you were good for it, I already have it. Good for it though. My money, interest in your pocket. Double nothing. You know, double it up. Then one thing about it, I'm, I'm gonna get Regardless Because you know I'm good for it. Well, we ain't, we can go fight. 'cause I listen, I'm not going to jail. You know what I tell people right here, OTO, if I can't get you up off me, you welcome to stay. I promise you that. That's all I got for you.


If you get on me and I can't get you off, feel free to stay there. But I promise you, I bet I'll make you turn me loose. Jerry Gushes on Mike McCarthy. After the Cowboys win, this will be a very interesting question. Hopefully Ocho can get connected real soon. Is Mike McCarthy's job safe? Ugh, I've never seen a team seem to be so happy with winning. What are they, seven they seven and eight now I've never seen a, a team so happy to win seven games. This is the Dallas Cowboys a team that has had Super Bowl aspirations, had playoff aspirations, a deep playoff run considering the last three years they've won 12 games.


They've been 12 and five the last three years. Now all of a sudden they celebrating to be seven and eight and, and all of a sudden, I guess, you know, Mike McCarthy is back in Jerry's good graces. He talking about he was surprised. He, he was glad the way he got them guys to play. I thought that's what the head coach job was supposed to be. I thought that's what he was supposed to do. I thought he was supposed to get the guys to play hard every single game. I thought, guys, you're collecting a check. I thought you're supposed to play hard and show up every game, but I guess not in Dallas. I mean, if you're outta the playoff, you're supposed to not play hard and the coach job to get you to play hard and and to earn your check.


That's just me. I just, I guess we just looking, I guess we just looking at it, we look at it through different lenses. It's gonna be very interesting. Do I think Jerry's gonna bring Mike McCarthy back? I do. I do Because he, he loves the power. He doesn't want any, to give up any control. And I think we all can say this, that Mike McCarthy is head coach entitled only. Jerry still does everything. Jerry does all the speaking. Jerry lets you know who's playing, who's signing. He doesn't have McCarthy doesn't have any say over the final 53. He doesn't have anything in three agency. He doesn't have, so Jerry likes that. Nobody that's gonna challenge him for his or his opinion on things.


I mean, Jerry gets to, to go uncheck and I get it, he's the owner, but I don't think he does his coaches any service by emasculating them, by letting the players know that he's in charge and not the coach. And I'm just a firm believer that the teams that I've been a part that's been been successful, and I've had a little success in the NFL is that you have one voice, you have one sound. And right now, the the one sound, and it doesn't come from the owner, it comes from the guy that stands before those guys on a daily basis in that locker room, in that meeting room and, and, and try to get those guys on one accord. And it's just hard for me to believe that that will end up happening with, with Mike McCarthy. But it's not, it's not the coach.


It's Jerry. Jerry has his way of doing things. Jerry's not gonna change. No matter how much us in the media we talk about it, no matter how much the fans talk about it, Jerry likes it this way. He likes the control that he has. I think Jerry is more interested in, in, in, in money than he is winning championships because he doesn't matter. They're the most valuable franchise in pro in pro sports. So it doesn't matter if they win, it doesn't matter if they lose because they're gonna make a boat load of money. They're $10 billion, so they're gonna make a boat load of money regardless. So with that being said, I, I don't think Jerry changes anything and moving forward, but we'll see.


We'll see what happens. I mean, it sure sounded like Jerry wanted to keep Mike McCarthy, but things can change. I don't know, maybe if they crash out these last two games, maybe Jerry changes his mind, maybe, hey, they win these last two games. Jerry might give him a three or four year contract extension. It's gonna be very, very interesting what happens with Mike McCarthy and the Dallas Cowboys when these final two games wraps up. It's gonna be very, very interesting. I'm interested to see, I think all of you guys have been interested to see, I think you kind of guys know where, kind of where this thing is headed. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see how these cowboys and Mike McCarthy and Jerry Jones plays out.


They've had a very, very disa disa disappointing season. I think everybody can attest that. I, nobody's surprised by that. This is not what we expected from the Cowboys. We thought this year they were gonna make a No, I didn't think that. But a lot of people thought they were gonna make a deep playoff run because every year you hear this is the most talented team, you know, I don't think they're talented, that talented. I think CD is a phenomenal wide receiver. They need a running back. Doell has played better over the last six weeks of the season. Offensive line needs some improvements, digs it, it's good. But he's nicked again, gonna be interesting to see how he comes back. They have some players, but I think they need to improve on the offensive line, defensive line, offensive line, defensive line.


Get better in that interior. But we'll see. Good. Oh, can I hear me? Yeah, we were talking about Jerry gushing over Mike McCarthy after that win that do you think Mike McCarthy's job? You know, That's all a game. That's all a game. You, you understand a owner's behavior patterns when it comes to, when it comes to players, when it comes to coaches because you win a game or something happens good in a short time span, but they don't forget how they played the entirety of the season. Mike McCarthy's job is not safe. Jerry Jones knows that. Gushing like that and saying nice things to have him thinking or to have the public thinking to draw attention, not only to himself knowing that Mike McCarthy's not going to be the head coach next year is a, is full of shit.


It's full of shit. And he's done it before. He's done it with players and he is done it with coaches. This is, this is the 1, 2, 3, 4 time he's done something like this. I'm not gonna bring up the names where he's gus about them and said good things about them, including players in season when they're playing well and things have happened behind closed doors and they've been fired and they lost their job. So you think Mike McCarthy is going? Absolutely. Absolutely. He's looking not, not only, not only is he looking for another coach, he's not looking for a big name. He's looking for someone else who can be, I hate saying this and excuse me. I mean no disrespecting Mike McCarthy. Someone that can be a puppet, a puppet, someone where he can still be the center of attention, but he thinking where he can, going into want to go in a different direction to see who we can have that can be the leader of men that can get them to winning like they did, like they did before the previous two, the previous three years before, before this year where they, they went 12 and five, if I'm not mistaken, over and over, even though they lost in the first round of playoffs.


He's looking for someone else new. He just is and, and, and saying the, saying the things that he said. He's always saying good things. He's always saying good things like when they're winning or they, they win a game or they beat a certain team. And all of a sudden that team, that specific cowboys team, all of a sudden looks like the cowboys of the nineties when they won, when they won championships. Like it just, it just, he just says, anything you take, you take a grain of salt


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC,


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include realtime tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Also less than a week after the athletic published a story detailing the dysfunction within the New York Jet organization. Aaron Rogers used his latest appearance on the Pat McAfee Show to address leaks to journalists. There are some interesting things that go on in every organization, some that would like to be left uncovered, but it seems like there are those that don't always, that doesn't, that don't always get left uncovered. They get covered. It can't be the norm that so many leaks and so many people continue to have conversation, whether it's getting some sort of angle revenge or even with people who are still in the building. Yep. Ain't say nothing was was untrue, but anyway, okay. Obviously what's best for the Jets is not having those types of leaks all the time.


When you get, when that gets figured out, it'll be a little easier to win. That doesn't, that doesn't have a direct impact on players in the field, but it does have an impact on the culture and the chemistry and overall energy of the building. That's what needs to get better. I love how you talk about the culture and the energy when that wasn't an issue with the mandatory mini camp. That wasn't, he didn't concern himself about culture. I mean, I I'm trying to figure out how does he think a culture gets established? Yeah. Does he understand how a culture gets established? Tom Brady was not missing mini camp in order for the, the, the, the Patriot way, which was the Brady way.


But it is the Patriot, it's a team because it's the Patriots that started coming out at the Super Bowl introduction as a team. Now everybody comes out of the team because prior to that they brought the offense out or they brought the defense out, the Patriots came out of the team. But Tom Brady was the foundation piece. Okay. How can Tom Brady show up the mandatory mini camp or OTAs and somebody else not be there? Right. How does Peyton Manning, how does Ray Lewis, how do these guys show up? The great thing about a leader, and that's what I tell young people today, you can never ask more than you're willing to give. You can't ask somebody to do something that you're not willing to do your damn self.


So how do I tell guys, guys, we need to show up, guys. We need to be here. Let's spend a lot of extra meeting time. Guys, go look at your, hold on, bro. You remember that mandatory mini cap we had? Yeah. Guys will look at you sideways. Hey, do you think, do you think he lost? You can't ask more than respect of his players, the respect of his teammates. You know, you, you think, you think about how we view Aaron Rogers on the outside. I'm curious of how the players in the locker room view him. Obviously I've never played with anyone like that, that has some of the issues that he does have said. Some of the things that he does say misses some of the important things when it comes to the game of football. I've never been on a team with someone like that. So I'm curious how today's player players this era of type of no nonsense.


Do it your way. The kind of culture we have now and the type of individuals we have in this, in, in today's game, the young era as I, as I call it, I wonder how they view 'em as teammates. I'm, yeah. Me from a instance. Yeah. Basing it on my experience. I look at Aaron Rogers as an influence in the locker room, not a leader in the locker room. What, when you say influence, not influence because the influence hasn't been good. Has the influence been good? Hasn't I been bad? It hasn't. It You tell me. Listen, they say you might be teammates, but you're not here to be friends.


You're here for one job and the job that he's there for ain't getting done. Yeah. It's hard when you play that position because you normally, you ask the guys you asking, look at the teams that win and look at the leaders in the locker room. Look at Brady, look at Manning, look at a Lewis, look at those guys. They win consistently. They win because they do things. And when they ask someone else to do it, it's not a problem. Because that guy knows this is exactly what Tom Brady's doing.


This is exactly what Ray Lewis is doing. This is exactly what Peyton Manning is doing. This is exactly what John Elway's doing. Now I ask you to do something and you are not doing said things and I know you're not doing said things. That's, that's little. I love it. Look, I love I look, I, I love the thing that I do about, loved about seven, and I want it for my leader because I wanted football to be the most important thing because you're telling me, you telling me you want it to be the most important thing to me. You say, Shannon, I want you to study Shannon.


I want you to be in the best phy physical condition you possibly can be. I want you to give it your all, But That's not what you doing. Right. How can you ask a man to do something that you're not willing to do? That's everything. Yes. Stories gonna get out. I, I, I think yeah, four stories have got, but stories got out in Green Bay. That's how we found out that the Packers did not run the hiring. Matt LeFlore hired by Aaron Rogers. That's how we found out that the, that Matt Murphy. Mark Murphy said, don't you be the property. Yeah. On Purpose They leak. Things Are leaked on purpose.


Yes. Yeah. I mean, he knows. I mean, he should. Yeah. I mean, you've been around the NFL long enough to understand how things get out. No, there's always a source, there's always a leak and things that come out. They come out on purpose. On purpose. There's a reason for it. You know, I think, I think is that, and, and people like, oh, that's come. You have to understand there's a reason why the shes and the shas and Rusty Soul, Chris Mortenson and the Dre Glazer Glazer, there's a reason why they have jobs.


They fostered and cultivated relationships with individuals, be it players, be it coaches, be it owners, be it general managers. And so when stuff comes out, why are we shocked? Right? You heard it, you just didn't wanna believe it because it was about your favorite team. It was about your favorite players, so you didn't wanna believe it, but writing was on the wall. It does. Look, I had a great Adam Shefter and I came into the league together. He was in Denver. I used to go, I used to go to dinner with Adam Schefter and his parents when they came to town.


I had that type of relationship. Right? But you ain't getting no football stuff outta Shannon. Now our relationship is our relationship. Hey, you came in, you were the rookie. I was the rookie together. Hey, we luck. Hey, that was the extent of it. I'm not giving you no information. I've had, I had, for the most part, I've always had a great relationship. Be it Mark Kler, Woody Page, you know, all, all the guys that wrote for Denver, Bob Kravitz, Bob Kravitz, he writes, I think he's a columnist in Indy now. He was in Denver.


I've always had great relationships with him. They asked me, I'll be as honest as I possibly can, but you watching the game, but I'm not giving you no information such and such as, no, he's not. He he's dogging it and he missed practice and he didn't come to meetings. I don't do none of that stuff like that. I I, I was on first take and I say, if this no MVP is not over, it is not over. And that's why I always advise people. And I used to vote for a decade. I had a vote. I voted for the MVP. I voted for first know the All Pro team. I voted for the war though to, you know, offensive player of the year defense and so forth and so on. And I waited till the bear and I took it serious. And I wa obviously, you know, being the studio, get an opportunity to watch all the games.


I ain't just watching highlights. I'm watching because that's why I felt very comfortable. I took it serious. I'm not just going by, excuse me guys, I'm not just going by names because I think the, the All Pros team is serious. Yeah. Because you're talking about the best players regardless of conference. So I'm just not your name, your name means nothing, nothing. I'm basing on play that year. I'm not trying to take away the, the, the all protein team that you got selected on before. That's not what I'm trying to do. But if I don't feel you deserving of that, of that, that honor this year, I'm not voting for you. It's really that simple. Yeah. But Lamar and I said this, I said, well, y'all gotta look at Lamar stats.


I mean the man has 37 touchdowns, four picks, and then you throw in his Russian total. So he's 40 touchdowns with like six or seven turnovers. You look at his, you look at his passing numbers. That's what Aaron Rogers was doing when he was winning MVP. Right? Throwing 40 plus touchdowns with single digit interceptions. Yeah. That's what he's doing. Now I do think, and and you could correct me if I'm wrong, being like, but hold on, he got a guy that rush for 1600 yards in his back field. So, so what, what, what are we gonna do with that? Right? And so I think, I think that, you know, it it, it, his numbers are his numbers.


Now, right now, if you, if I had a vote, I probably would vote for Lamar, right? I I I would, I would, I would vote for Lamar has Your vote, would, is your vote swayed because of the performance that Josh Allen had? Josh Allen Activate? Yeah. Just like it was sway, just like it was swayed when Lamar and them lost and he didn't just like, it was swayed when he played against Pittsburgh. Remember? Yeah. He didn't play well, right? This week he came back and he played better. And you look at the last couple weeks, Josh Allen had like 10 touchdowns in two games. How can it not? But we gotta be fair. We gotta evaluated on what we see. They got two games left. I do believe Lamar Jackson can win. It'd be interesting to see. I bet those odds for Josh Allen winning the MVP ain't what they started today.


I bet you that What are the odds now actually, well, he started at minus 900 today, right? I think he started at minus 900. Mm. You, you know what I don't like, I don't like the fact that when it comes to the MVP award, it's an individual accomplishment. But when it comes to what's necessary to win it, as far as the team success as well, they take that into account as well. Because if we were talking about MVP from a statistical standpoint in stats, I look at Joe Burrow and asking why is he not in the conversation? And then everyone says, well, the team itself is losing, so therefore he's not in the, you know, he's, he's Not, yeah, I mean he, I mean he go, I mean, there's a chance.


I mean, he doesn't make the playoffs. You never gonna get the MVP on the guy that didn't, but team didn't make the playoffs. Right. Right, right. Understand. But, and that's the thing. I think Joe has had a phenomenal season. Now, had they have a, they had a record similar to Lamar's or they had a record similar to Josh Allen, right? We have now we got a, we got a whole different discussion. Yes, Yes. But I mean, the guy couldn't, and the guy was, what is they, he's seven and eight can be really tough. Yeah, I I, I know, I know it's tough. But, but again, that's why I just said how the goalposts move when it comes to discussion on a, on a, on a trophy that's based on individual accomplishment and accolades on what you've done individually.


Right. You know, so using the team success as the reason why you can't be in the conversation, it throws me off just a tad bit. Because at the end of the day, what does those stats mean if you're not winning? Because it, it at the end, and this is what I used to argue with, with with my co-host, my partner on, first on, on undisputed. I said, it's still a STA award. You're not the, you go 15 and oh and you got 3000 yard passing and another guy goes 10 and six and he's got 5,000 yard passing and 40 touchdowns. Right? And you got 3000 yards and 20 touchdowns. You're not winning that award. Go back and look, look at all those years Drew Brees was throwing for 5,000 yards.


How many MVPs did he win? Right? Because yeah, it's a stat award, but I need, I need those spats to equate the wins, right? So if I'm piling up a bunch of staff OCHO and I ain't getting no wins because people go like, oh bro, yeah, yeah. Well hell you behind, all you doing is you step pad, right? Because none of those numbers goes towards win. Right. And like I said, y'all don't believe it. Go back and look at Drew Brees and look how many, I think he got four or five, 5,000 yard passing season. But when you losing, how can I give you an award like that? Because your stats doesn't equate to win. Lamar's stats is equating to wins.


Jerry Goff, although he doesn't have, I mean he had an outstanding day day today. You look at a Josh Allen, his numbers equates to wins, right. Saquon, his numbers equates to wind. But I think the only thing that's really hurting Lamar is that he got a 16, almost a 1700 yard rush in his backfield. Right? Who's averaging five and a half yards of care? He's got 13, 14 rushing touchdown. Well, when I think about it, go ahead. You know, Chad, y'all might not like this and Ky might not like this. I mean, Joe Burrow hasn't been in the conversation for MVP all season long because of our record.


Yes. Right? Correct. But the last two games, these last two games after we beat the Broncos and on Saturday, I'm telling you right now, I'm, I'm letting you know right now, you know Patrick c Jr. You gotta deal with Jamar Chase and t Higgins. So abo Nicks ain't nothing. You going to get nixed. That's what's gonna happen. Well I figure, I figured y we We we gonna go into Pittsburgh the following week. We gonna win that game. And then when we make it and we, we have an opportunity to go into the playoffs because the football guys happen to bless us, that that MVP conversation gonna have to change. There's only, there's a good chance Ocho it gonna hurt y'all, beat the Broncos and then lose the final game of the season.


It gonna hurt. That's gonna hurt. Oh, that gonna hurt OCHO so bad because I know you gonna be happy. Oh, what I tell you, fuck I told you, it gonna lose that. Ooh, what that thing going, that thing gonna hurt like Scotty say brand new shoes. It it, it is, it is. And that, that would probably, that would probably be another moment that I would get emotional on camera and I don't care who laugh and I don't care if they make me a meme because I still love and bleed and live the game of football. Oh Joe, your Bengals defeated the Browns 24 to six Jamar Chase passed 1500 yards, breaks his own franchise receiving yardage record. I I told you, I told you who he was. I told you Garrett Miles, Garrett got his a hundred sack before turning 29 years of age.


He tied the great Bruce Smith as the fourth fastest to re get a hundred sacks. The Bengals next play at home on Saturday, if I'm not mistaken, against the Broncos. Correct. And we against who the Broncos and guess who gonna win that game? And I'm gonna be there. Matter of fact, I'm going to the game. I hope it's cold. I hope it's cold. 'cause y'all don't do well in the cold. People realize like Denver, it gets cold in Denver. Right? It get cold in Cincinnati too. Just as cold. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Know we, we used to the cold Joe Burrow 23 or 32 52, 3 touchdowns, zero interception. He was sax four times. They ran the ball. Joe Burrow 52 times for 116 yards.


Chase Brown, 18 carriers 91 yards, but it was T Jamar Chase six for nine, seven in the touchdown. He's going to win the Triple Crown. Nobody's even close to him in touchdowns, catch it or Yards. So he's gonna get that. She had eight for 58, 1 touchdown. How do you say that name? LOAs? Just, just, just say Yoshi. Yoshi Yoshi had three for 53, had a touchdown on Joe Cleveland. Yeah. Miles Garrett looking to get up outta there.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean you, he Looking up outta there. Ocho yeah, Mo Mo most times, normally with a player like that, a a player of his caliber, that doesn't cause any problems. He comes to play week in and week out regardless of what's going on. You know what you're gonna get out of him. You wanna, you understand that as a team, as a ownership gm, you understand that you're in a rebuilding stage. You're going to have to find a quarterback one that you can, you can build. Yes. And you in a rebuilding stage as far as mile Garrett is concerned, if you care about the individual as a player, allowing not, not, how do I say it? Not keeping him imprisoned while you're in a rebuilding stage, do right by the individual because he's always done right by you.


Now, most times when it comes to business, they don't think like that. But you would think in this case, in this scenario, after what he's already said and what he's done for you and what he's given that organization in that city, you give him an opportunity to go play for play for a contender. And, and it, and it gives me, I I go ahead. I would think, I would think and hope they, they, they would do the right thing until they, until they rectify their situation at the quarterback position. I mean, it's gonna take a king's ransom to get him. You're talking about a guy that's 29 years of age. Premier doesn't miss time. He gives it to you every game. He's great against the rush, obviously the premier pass rusher, which that's what everybody's looking for.


He can play, he plays the run. He's durable. He doesn't give you any problems on the field or off the field. When you go to bed at night, you don't worry ha having to worry about getting a call, said, Hey Miles, Garrity iss in trouble. You don't worry about that. He's one of those guys. You rest real easy knowing that he's gonna be professional both on and off the field at all times. And you can respect that and you appreciate that. But it is probably gonna take two first rounders, maybe even a player, a quality player that's on your roster and some others, right? Maybe a second and a third. He's not coming cheap nor should he, because what no, if you're giving up that level of player Ocho, I need to be able to replace him with draft picks.


Now there is no guarantee you're ever gonna get a player Tola to feel to be what he was. Right. But I got, I'm right. I'm mostly, the problem is with Cleveland, the more than miles gard away. So I would come out better Ocho you know what I'm saying? Getting draft picks on a potential player to try to and, and build from there. If I was just a miles gar away, I'm like, nah, I'm gonna keep it. And if I just get one player. But there are a lot of players away. Ocho especially offensively. Yeah. I think, I think honestly defensively, I, I think they're good. I think they're sound, if they could have some adequate, consistent quarterback play that can, you know, move they ass up and down they goddamn feel and be able to facilitate the ball that we've seen from them in spurts when certain quarterbacks have have been in there, I think, I think they'll be fine.


But I mean, just, just right now it it, it's not what it is. And I I I would hope they do right by Miles Garrett in giving him the opportunity to go and play for a contender. And, and Cleveland, Cleveland played them tough for as long as they possibly could. Ojo. Yeah. It's just that they're unmanned. The quarterback position, they look at it, they ran the ball 24 times for a buck 46. So you getting what, five, six, you're getting basically six yards of carry ocho. Right? You can't complain about that. Ford gave you 11 for 92. The, your quarterback has great legs. He a mobile quarterback. Not that accurate, but you know, they got a touchdown, got it called back with holding or got another big first down.


Got that callback for holding. They're, you know, they're okay, but they're, they're ways away offensively Ocho they're ways, they're ways away. They need a couple of wide receipts. I mean Judy is good, but I mean, Judy's like, bro, even he's thinking like, man, if I just had a decent quarterback, y'all still not can do, if y'all got a quarterback to get me the rock. Y'all saw that the last three weeks. But he got three targets for 20 yard, three car, three targets, two catches, 20 yards. What, what he supposed to do with that. But yeah, Absolutely nothing but this, this is a game, a game like this. If I were Judy, you know, when I, I I think about some of the times when I had Gus Far Rock, you know, when I had Scott Mitchell, when I had John Kidner and understanding that, you know what the offensive, the, the, the offensive play call, it was gonna be a little different.


You know, the ball coming to me was gonna be a little different. So what I would do, what what I would do is, is always before I leave or break the huddle, boom. I call it mindfuck the quarterback. He already has enough to worry about. You don't wanna bother the quarterback. He has to come to the line. He has to go through his read. He has, he has to go through his progression, his pre-snap stuff. So always when the play is called, right before I leave the huddle, I tap his hip. All right, now I'm here. And just, just that, just to let him know if you want somewhere to go with the ball, I don't care what the, I don't care what the play call is. Hey, I don't care what the play call is up here. You know the, and now, hey listen, and then, oh, you know how I am.


I know you've seen the clip before. I come out the huddle and, and I line up and I see coverage and this man, whether it's off or whether he's on the first thing I do, you can hit it in the entire stadium. Just alert the quarterback all. Now when you hear, you hear that sound, you know what time it feels right. Just take a peek now. You ain't gotta do much to take a quick peak. Now if I hit you with that, yeah, I got you. Yeah. I tell 99%, 90 point, 99.9% of the time. I got you. Like life insurance. I gotta tell caution all the time. Listen, you ain't gotta do that. You ain't gotta go through all that bullshit. Now I got you understand that.


Yeah, but Ocho you saw this again. Joe got sacked and the ball came out. Don't do that. Don't do that. Now don't, don't do that. Don't, don't do that. Say I, I I hear you. I hear but but don't do that. Come on now. I understand. I know City. What happened, Ocho, you had a seven point lead. What happened? Yeah, the ball came Out. Okay. Pittsburgh, Baltimore. You see what happening is, and see the problem with fans don't understand is what you do understand. Yeah, you had a 14 point lead. But what happens when you don't have that lead? You had that league against Baltimore, you had a 10 point lead, and then what happened? You threw a pick. Yeah, you fumbled. Boom. Now you had a seven point lead against Kansas City strip sack scooping score.


Pittsburgh, you threw two picks and well a pick and you fumbled it. That's what gets you beat. You play in Cleveland, you supposed to Marley Wap Cleveland. That offense, offense. Look. Yeah, I listen, it's still Cleveland now. The defense ain't bad now, but The offense works Bad. Yeah, yeah. The offense is worse, but the is sell no good. Remember this is division game. This is division game. And, and for some reason it's always close. Hell look how the bill's been playing all season and look how they struggled against Patriots today. So it is something about those games. Steelers, Ravens always close. It's never really a blowout most of the time. So I, I mean listen, the, the, the Browns had they hands full playing.


They listen, they had to play against the greatest bang of receiver of all time. Yeah. The greatest player of all time. The first receiver ever have 1500 yards of the season. Huh? 15 touchdowns. Wait 16 now. You know, they ain't never seen nothing like that young bull. He from new he, he from New Orleans. Oh, he put in the work boy Huh boy. A, a a a Mike Brown kicking his own self in the ass. Yeah. I I don't know why they play with him. You let, I don't even, I don't, I don't, I don't know if anytime you have a receiver that comes out after the draft, after getting drafted and the first thing he says is before he say anything else, I'm breaking every motherfucking record y'all got. That's it. Well, he didn't curse, but I'm gonna curse for him. Yeah, just add To him.


Hey, just add a little seasoning to it. Huh? You coming in with that, with that type of, that type of moxie. That's what, that's, that's what, that's what, that's what the white folks call it. They call it Moxie.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelors, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


The lions defeated the Bears 34 to 17, even without Montgomery, who was sideline with an MCL injury in Chicago. Gibbs finished with 154 scrimmage yards. 109 of those came on the ground and a touchdown while having four receptives for 45 yards. Jerry Goff finished today, 23 of 32, 3 36, 3 touchdowns, zero interception. He also set a career high in passing in touchdowns in the season with 33 with two games to go. Yeah, Ojo, you watch the lions go on the road. Yeah. Soldier field and Do what they wanna do. Go out there and have fun. Take Motown. Take Motown to Chicago out there.


Hit the temptation moves, celebrate throwing the ball all over the place. Jameson Williamson doing what Jameson Williamson does. Ahman Rossing Brown scoring. I don't know what, I don't know what kind of celebration that was on the goddamn go. Yeah, y'all know what he doing. All I know is you can get fined for it. Hey, that was Jamir Gibbs, right? He was like doing a stripper dance or something on the, I I don't know what they doing right now. Minnesota. Minnesota got the dancing thing on lock right now. Minnesota. They got the corner, they got, I Listen, excuse me Chad, for being rude. Excuse me for being di for being disrespectful. Whoever the young, the young bull is for the Minnesota Vikings that did Ace the celebration where he copied the lady who did the freestyle.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The Olympics did the celebration. I don't know, I don't know young boy name, but that to me is one of the greatest celebrations of all time. And they just hit the white. Oh, that a couple weeks ago. Yeah, That It did. They had the lady, the lady in the day. They do. And they had the live and everybody do it. I like, well that because you know the lineman that people wanted to get. Hey man, let us see it. No, it's all about the mess this up. No, if y'all, if you rehearse and get it right, we'll let you participate. But, but Minnesota got the dancing thing on lock right now. But I was very impressed with Minnesota. You mean Detroit? Detroit, Detroit. Detroit. They, they, yeah. Detroit. No, I, I was saying Minnesota choreography, but Detroit Coach Campbell, it's okay to take a field goal, bro.


All these fours and threes, man, come on man. I come On kick the field goal and go off 37, 17. It's Okay. He trying score up man. He don't even, he don't even see it. You know, Hey, Dan is playing balls to the wall. He's the deposition. Hey, he's the For sure A visual representation of I don't give a fuck. I'm do it my way. I'm gonna do a, I'm gonna, yeah. Listen, I don't know what, what, what's the word? What's the word they say? Not not tendencies. Where analytics, I don't care what analytics think. I'm going against it.


I like, I like Dan. I know his players got love him, man. Playing somebody. Ke Williams, Caleb Williams didn't Play no bad. My bad. Go ahead. What'd you say Ocho? I was saying Caleb Williams was 26 and 43, 34. Two touchdowns. He was sacked to twice ocho. They just gotta do a better job. I mean the first four possessions. Yeah. Two puns, two fumbles. Yeah. And you're down because then they get going. But you've always, you are not good enough to spot a team and to overcome that deficit. You're just not Keenan a was sensation nine four buck 41 a touchdown wrong. A 4 77 DJ Moore 7 68.


They didn't run the ball nearly enough. But you fall behind like that. So basically you gotta throw the, you gotta throw the, the running game out the window. But the, but the golf, when you run the ball like they do play action. I don't, bro, if Jameson Williams lined up on your side safety, Jonathan Owens, if your quarterback is playing outside leverage, so you know you got the gold ball cup. The only thing that can hurt you, if he get on the top of you at the post, you better get you, you better get on your hand horse. He can get back. I don't know what you looking for, but he can run And you, and, and here's the thing. Ocho mar don't put hands on him so you don't make him check his feet.


So by his fourth step, fifth step, he full speed. And so while you, hey, you go back and look at it. When they show the all 22, when that, when Stevenson opens up late, he starts digging, he steps up left foot of the dirt and dig the head that that post and on his look too late. It's open. Yeah, it is. It's impossible to felt at that point. If you're not already going, you got, you gotta know when to go. You got to know when to go. Anticipation skills as a DB is understanding what's in front of you. Who's in front of you? You got, you got know, you got know your competition. You got to, If I'm on Tyre's side, Tyre and I know the cornerback and I know the corner's opening up and he got he so he's taking away his outside for the goal.


Oh, Tyre can't beat me to the post. He might run, he might run the D but he ain't get to the Stay so far on that Upfield shoulder So far up Would not beat me outta position. No sir. Not today. You, You have to un and tell, I don't think guys do enough of studying and understand tendencies because there are certain things I was not gonna let a guy beat me with. You're not gonna beat me with your strength right now if you got a counter move. Because I'm gonna take away the initial move. If I'm in pass protection, I'm gonna take away your initial initial move. If I know you trying to get off field, I'm gonna open up, I'm gonna, I'm gonna kick.


But bro, they letting these guys, you know that guy runs four three and you just like casually bro. No that's not, that's not Keenan Allen for you practice against Keenan Allen looking to shake your ass up. Jameson Williams looking to take the talk. Understand what you're up against. Who you're up against, you'll be just fine. But I think these guys, a lot of times I was like, they just going out there and say okay, he'll wire receiving. No bro. Some of these guys can really dig and you better understand that. Or you gonna be smelling deodorant on show. The Falcons defeated the Giants 34 to seven. Michael Pennix Jr.


Gets his first win. It's only the second time a Falcon's quarterback had led a team to a double digit win in his first NFL start. Yeah. Since Matt Ryan did it in 2008. Pennix finished 18 or 27 for 2 0 2 and an interception that should have been caught hit. Kyle Pitt right in his head. Kyle Pit threw it up in the air. So, hey, yes, it was against, it was against the two and 13 Giants, but hey, it is what it's, this is giant. But listen, Giants and I start, It's a start. It's a start for the quarterback. A win like today, it builds confidence. It builds confidence. It's a good thing for the young fella. I know people on the outside looking in, oh, you beat the Giants. There's nothing to hoop and holler about. But still, it's a team win.


It's a good start for Brother Penning Jr. In his, in his tenure as a as Atlanta Falcons quarterback. So wait, wait, who they got next? Huh? Who they got next? Do they have a test Commander? Sunday night. Whoa. Now, now, now you got a test. The Falcons had two pick sixes. Jesse Bates got one. Jesse Bates the third, excuse me, and Edge rusher Matthew Juah. It's the first time, but the team has had two pick sixes in one game since 1983. Oh. Landed right in his lap, man. Yep. They ran the ball 38 times for Buck 28. They tried to take a lot of pressure off of, off of myEd Jr. By running the football.


But he made some great throws. Cow pits. Gotta make that catch. Yeah, it's, it's, it's really that simple. OCHO ain't no if saying a bust about it. And that's the thing when you complain it, it's funny how this work Ocho. Yeah. When you complain about the ball, the ball find you and then you drop it. It happens every time. All The time. I see. I can sit him and be honest because it happened to me, it happened to me. I complained about the ball at halftime. I complained about the ball in the third corridor and Carson would throw that motherfucker to me and guess what I do? Drop it, Throw it back at it. Because I'm not focused, I'm not locked in, you know, I'm not seeing the ball all the way in.


Yep. I haven't touched it in a while. So I got somewhat of a little attitude, you know, about me. And the one time I complained about the ball and it does come, I drop it and it happens every time. Every time. But in situations like this, the game only gets bigger. Oh yeah. You got a nice, you got a nice, you got a nice victory under your belt against a team you were supposed to beat. You got an opportunity to relax, got an opportunity to exhale. But now you know the commander's got something to play for. Yeah. You have something to play for. They want to get, Hey look, they're already in the playoffs, but they want to try, Hey, hey, we wanna try to get a home game.


Oh yeah. Falcons, you have something to play for. You have a lead, you have a half game lead over the books in the NFC South Win your division. You get at least one home game. At least one. So I like this. Both teams have something to play for. We're gonna find out a lot. We, we've seen Jay Daniels, we haven't seen a whole lot of Michael Pennix Jr. Ocho, but we've seen a lot of Jay Daniels and he's been phenomenal last couple of weeks. Yeah. He gonna see if he can continue to screet. Oh yeah. Boy, boy. The jive are, Ooh, the Giants are good and terrible. The Volume from the Delta Sky Club.


Welcome back. Ms. Climb to the Jet Bridge.


Delta Airlines relies on 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real-time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


As We gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk Fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelai, Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


If you are ready for an Epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.