
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed l PT tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your book Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the Rack with DraftKings Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Now it's time to welcome Super Bowl champion in 15 games this season he had a pick a four fumble, two fumble recoveries, four passes, defend 80 solo tackles nine tackles for loss, six QB hits from the University of Georgia. Now he was a national champ and now he's a Super Bowl champ. Let's welcome Dean. What up? What's up? What's up? Appreciate your, how You doing bro? I'm good. Up Super Bowl champ. What up? Lemme go first, man. You always go first. Listen, go ahead. I I wanna know as someone, You know, obviously I, I felt, I felt I was okay in in the game of football, but I ain't never won nothing. I ain't gonna lie to you.


Listen, I never won a national championship, You know, in college. I've never won a Super Bowl. I wanna know what it feels like. I'm sure it was probably a drive, a childhood dream, obviously to make it to the NFL, You know, but win the national championship. Yeah. And to win the Super Bowl in such a short amount of time, bro. What that feel like? Tell me what it feel like because I don't know, I finn say it's surreal in a sense 'cause it's like damn, it is like, it's something that you kind of work towards all the time. But then like you, you sometimes you be thinking like them losses gonna make you hungry and make you go harder, but them wins. Them wins. That's it. It gonna drive you differently. Like getting there, getting to the Super Bowl, you win that motherfucker, you celebrate with your guys and then it's like, yeah, it's like you wanna get back, you wanna get back.


So of course, but nah, it, it definitely surreal feeling. It's a blessing for sure. Hold Yeah, a man Cole man. I know what you talking about Cole. I know what you talking about man. Ain't nothing like that feeling man. Ain man's. That's not necessary. Me and this man. We having a conversation Ocho you ain't Playing Eagle. Hear Up. This, this, He got the helmet Gambling this whoa, this Super Bowl champ. Super Bowl champ. Oh, we having a conversation. Hey, oh, hey Kobe, call me. Hey, me and you going bless Whisper because we don't want Ocho to hear what we talking about. Man, you played Kobe, you played extremely well this year. You was having an outstanding season.


You get down. Yeah. Did You know when you, when when you went down, did You know that the seriousness of your injury? I didn't, I didn't, I felt like my knee just buckled and then I got, I I kind of looked down. I see my kneecap on top of my thigh. Yeah. So I, I sat down and I, I pushed my kneecap back in and I stand up. I'm like, all right, as soon as I stand up, it popped back out and I push it back in. I'm like, all right, I'm walking off the field. I'm thinking, okay, it dislocated, gimme a brace and then it just kind of blew up like a balloon. And I'm like, what the, I'm like, damn. But I mean, it is, it is all good. I mean, I, I had an injury before God got me. I'm gonna be back better than them. How, how, How is re how is rehab going right now?


Yep. Are are you back running? Are you think your strength, your lower extremities, are they back almost normal? A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we getting there. We getting there it is. I'm what, I'm five. We, I'll be five weeks off from surgery. Okay. Wednesday I'll be five weeks off from surgery Wednesday. So by week six is going, it going to take off. 'cause it, it is a protocol you gotta follow. It is slow in the beginning and then pick up. Yeah. To lemme ask you this last year you guys struggled defensively. Yeah. Yeah. You couldn't get off the field, you couldn't rush the quarterback. You seemingly couldn't do anything. Yeah. You bring in Vic Fangio. Yeah. And in one season it's been, it's, I can't remember a time that a defense has done a 180 like your guys, like you guys did.


Yeah. What do you think the biggest difference was between last year and this year's Super Bowl out, lights out outstanding defense. I feel like it was a buy-in. It was a buy-in from the guys. I mean you got, you got Vic who been in the game for a long time. Then you got, well we, we was one of the youngest defenses in the league. So it was like everybody kind of, we, we all looked at each other like we ain't really done nothing. So we just kind of bought in into what he, 'cause Vic kind of came in with like a, a little, a older, older head mentality. Like doing OTAs. No nonsense, No nonsense. So it was like we, we was doing the, the, at first we sirianni like my, my first two years it was like, You know, OTAs was cool. I mean like they ain't really push us as much.


It wasn't as hard. Training camp wasn't that hard. And then Vic come, he got us doing conditioning drills, doing OTAs. We like what? But we bought into it. We bought into it. That's why you see somebody like Jaylen Carter able to play a hundred percent of snap. Like you don't really see that from d defensive linemen. So it was just like, and now that we seen it work, I mean shit, the sky, sky ain't even the limit for how good any of those guys us could have be, could be on defense. I agree with you. I said that last year. I felt if Jalen Carter got some shape. Yeah. I say he has the ability, he has the ability, he has Reggie White potential. I'm not saying he's gonna be that, but you watch him the way he can rush the quarterback.


Yeah. He can bully, he can rip. He's tremendous first step. He can stop the run. He has no weakness. It's all in here and up here. Yeah. And he got himself in shape and he was Dominant. Yeah. It, it was definitely, it was, it was great to see. 'cause I've been playing with him since college. So, and JC also got like a, a, I don't know, you get out there, you kind of see them line would be a little scared of him 'cause he, yeah, he coming out the gate first before the first nap. And he talking, he talk, they in the, they in the huddle. He, he yelling, he, he got a little different, different kind of shit talking. He got a little screw Loose up at, huh? Yeah. Yeah. He, he talk a little different shit than bg. So you can kind of tell that the lineman's scared like he'll, he'll look at a lineman and say, yeah, he's scared.


He's scared. He like pointing at him and the lineman just kind of just Right. Ain't saying nothing to him. He's like, that's, You know, got, that's, Think about it, most of the time they're not very many officers lineman that really talk back in general. They always, they always, for some reason they always focus, don't really do the trash talking. Especially back to the deep lineman. I used to get myself in trouble during my day because I would talk trash and TV time out. The, the closest people to me would be the defensive lineman, You know, TV time. And I might go across the cross the thing and the referee Kevin, the back up and my d my my left, my left and right tackle would always tell me, Chad, don't bring them boys up. 'cause you ain't gotta deal with them in the trenches. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't. Exactly. But I I got a question for you man. What's the toughest part about playing linebacker as opposed to in college and the difference in playing in the NFL?


What's the difference outside of the speed of the game? For me, for me I feel like the, the toughest part is I feel like linebackers should be the general on the defense. You should be the one, you should be, you should be the one lining everybody up. Or not necessarily lining everybody up, but kind of like, you should be like the battery pack, the, the get everybody going. You, you kind of, you kind of, you the glue in a sense. We like to call ourselves the glue. Like we, we, we run with four three, we bang with three 50. So it's like, I feel like it being linebackers, we gotta be able to do all that. And we gotta also be able to keep everybody kind of, kind of like when JC a chance to get the, get the get the mile from out.


We don't want that 15 yard penalty. I gotta tell 'em to chill out. You Gotta calm everybody down. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta you gotta have, you gotta have the other guys of the defense to be able to even have the green knot and make the cause and everything. And I feel like as a linebacker you shouldn't like shy away from that. You should want to embrace something like that and go for it. So I feel like that's the toughest part. Not even just playing the game. 'cause see if you can play, you can play. How Did, how did playing at a program like the University of Georgia, because You know Co Kirby, he came from Coach Saban and coach and Kirby, no nonsense. You gotta grind, you gotta thump co Hey, he ain't no walkthrough practice that you thumping. Yeah, he own, he owns school. So how did playing the University of Georgia prepare you to play and for the Philadelphia Eagles?


And then it made me, It gave me that like, that different type of, I'd say give a fuck factor. Just just 'cause it is like you playing in somewhere like George, you, I ain't have, I ain't have the NIL either. So you ain't have that, you didn't have that money coming in. So you had, you had playing, you had to be playing to get to the league or you really had to love it. 'cause you, you was banking every day. You was banging every day. And, and it kind of made me grow up and be mature in the sense of No matter what you doing outside of ball, when it comes to being in that building, you gotta perform. And the people inside that building don't care about what you gotta go. Well, in a sense they don't care about what you got going if you ain't performing.


So it's like, yeah. And, and Kirby Kirby told me that early on. 'cause I was, I was big on school, I was an engineering major, so I was up all night and he was like, oh, me too. Yeah, I was up all night. So he was, he he had, You ain't on the engineering scholarship Kobe. That's what, that's what Kirby probably told you. Well He, I, I'll tell y'all a story. It was my freshman year. I came in early with spring time and I had first got there. I'm, I'm, I'm out, I'm out late ing with the guys and then I'm staying up late doing homework then like spring practice. So I'm in the meetings, those off and off.


Kirby coming to me. He say, You know, man, hey, this before practice, he say, You know, man, I, I know you, you working hard, you got the engineering, You know, you're trying to find your way. And, and, and I know it's hard right now 'cause the defense hard, but I don't give a fuck. That's exactly what he told me. He said, Hey, he said he don't care. He said, Hey. He said, I when you, when you come out here, I need you focused. When you come in the meetings, I need you focused, I need you up. So, and that kind of, I always remember that if I don't remember nothing else cur told me. I remember that. And it kind of, it helped me through everything with my business and all that. So like they don't care. They don't care till you make it. I like it's a performance based league.


Exactly. Oh yeah. All that other stuff where you came from buckets of Warren Lombardi, island Trophy, Heisman Trophy, they don't give a deal about that. You better be able to perform or they gonna get your, You know, what up about that building. Most definitely. Hey listen, who are the, who are some of the linebackers bro? You know, obviously I've had players that I look up to and Oxy stu studied and tried to model my game after Yeah. Before I made the league and try to do what they did once, once I, once I got there. Who were some linebackers past or present that you studied a Mario game after? Well, I used to, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm towards the short end. I'm a little bit under city's foot. So I used to look at guys like Eric Kendricks, who's a little, he would kind of like unorthodox in the footwork and everything.


Of course. Used to look at Ray. I used to look at Dad Brooks who came right before me. I like, because he just like a pure linebacker. He play his, like, those guys mostly. And I used to study like Darius Lena as far as like punching the ball out and everything like that. But of course he had he real long kind of guy. Yeah. Long, yeah, Paul. But he real, yeah, I used to study him as far as like getting turnovers, Fred of course. Just those guys in many more. I used to study safeties too, like Apollo Malu not like, yeah, I wasn't gonna play safety.


But it's just like you, you kind of study the guys that you like to play the game. Like you study James Harrison, even though he was out the edge, he told my fault. I know, I, I don't Worry. I'm whoop. It's okay. It's okay. Hey, I'm gonna whoop him. He you good, you good. I'm gonna whoop him. I used to stay like James Harris, like the, the physicality of the game and everything like that because I just felt like, I feel like as a linebacker with, with the NFL and the league trying to take some of the physicality out the game. It is, it is, it is, it is on us to bring it back, You know, and do it way, not trying to get fine and anything like the hip drop. Yeah. Bs Lemme lemme ask you this. Hold on. You taking, you taking all my questions man.


Go. What? Go ahead. Yeah, listen, I got one more question now, now for you, for, for somebody as young as you and I, I'm, I'm thinking about just me because I've never won. I've never won anything, You know? So if you won so much so early in life when you got so much left in your career, how do you define success for yourself as a player and a linebacker, right? When you've already won an national championship, you won a Super Bowl already. So what's else is left on the plate? Outside of personal Goals? Outside of personal goals, you just kind of, you kind of chasing greatness. You wanna, like I said, when you win that, when you win that first naty, you win that first Super Bowl, you wanna keep winning it, it all starts over. You don't wanna like, okay, okay.


I, if I wanna play a a a, a decade in the league, I just finished my third year, so I at least got seven more years at the beginning. Every year my goal is to be the best linebacker in the league and to win a Super Bowl, to have the top defense in the league. So, and, and that's kind of what you do with everything to be honest. You set your goals for yourself. You just try to push charges. So I I and I don't downplay 'em, I don't care how many times I did it. If I wanted, I'm gonna go get it. That's, I like that. Lemme ask you this, the rule now they're trying to get the touch push band. Have you guys been able to stop the tush push in practice? How many times have you guys stopped In practice? Don't do that in practice. Y'all know, we ain't doing that in practice.


They, I don't, I I always joke with some of the old linemen, like, y'all know y'all can't, y'all wouldn't be able to do that against us. I always, I always joke against them, but man, look, they, if somebody don't like it, they gonna try to ban it. So I say keep it of course for bias reasons, Make them stop It. Yeah. For, for bias reasons. For, I'm a defensive guy so it is like, I don't care at this point and in the league it's not too much to, I'm not gonna look at something on the, on the offensive side of the ball and be like, oh, they need to ban this because it's, it's bad football. Like nah, we, we on defense, we gonna figure it out. We get paid to stop. Yeah. We get paid to stop offenses. We get paid to for them not to score.


So we going, we gonna try to figure it out. Yeah. And that's the problem. The people in positions of power don't have the mentality. Like you have other mentality like the players have, You know, especially those in that are part of the competition committee. They trying to do it with stuff simply because you can't stop it. Exactly. But neither here nor there. Dynasty repeat. Yeah. Eagles. Yeah. Y'all won the Super Bowl, y'all about to y'all about to back, I say at the beginning of every year. The goal is a Super Bowl. It is, it is. We appreciate your time man. Thanks for stopping by. Congratulations. Great college career. Great start to your NFL career national champ, super Bowl champ.


Hey, hopefully we have you back over here again next year and you're back to back Super Bowl champ. Congratulations man. Continued success and speedy recovery, so Appreciate salute. Appreciate it sir. Appreciate you bro. I need some them 85 too. Oh, I got you boy. I got you. I'm gonna send it to you. I'm gonna send it to you. I know how to get in touch with you now. Yeah. Love. Appreciate you.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time lady European tour winner And Ki k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower all Just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather, McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Alright, don't you check this out. Shado Sanders considered one of the top two players at the position available in April's draft up will not work out at the scouting in ending this week. That's fine though Sanders won't work out. He will meet with teams in Indy. Quarterbacks are scheduled to arrive Tuesday at the Combine, which formally opens Monday. Their on field workouts are slated for Saturday. Ur is expected to throw on campus next month at Colorado's Pro Day Ocho. You like this? Yeah, I don't Have no problem with that. I don't have no problem with that at all. And not, not at all. Listen, there's enough film out there. I do send, we know we can throw the ball. There's no need to throw in front of the scouts. Throw, throw, throw, throw. Where it's most important, huh? If the scouts wanna see you throw, look at the film, turn it on.


You have a a a lot of film from Jackson State to Colorado, the high school. We know what he can do. We know what he can do with his arm. We've seen him do it before. Pro Day is is is where where it's gonna be nice. Y'all come out here, you wanna see me throw, come on out here to the pro day. No need, no, no need to throw there. There are certainly people that have to put that, put that presentation on as far as throwing and what they can do as far agility wise at the quarterback position at their, I mean at the combine's not one of them. Have you seen the, the, the trainers session with him and Cam Ward that local? I do. I have. Well, they They are Well they hilarious. They hilarious. They are. They they they are. They they, you remember the movie Two Old Grumpy Men or some, something like that?


Yeah. That That's grumpy Old men. Yeah. Yeah. That's, they remind me of them two. I don't know why they, it, it is really funny. That's good content between them two, Jack Lemon and Walter Math. Oh, you remember the names? Okay. Okay. You ready? You ready for Hollywood? Okay. And didn't what you call 'em try, I think didn't what you call 'em do a remake of that Morgan Freeman and somebody, didn't they do a remake? I know that. I, if I'm not mistaken, I know Jack Lemon and, and Walter Math. That Was the original grumpy old man.


Oh, they mad at us talking about, we, we try to make Smitty seem like a victim. Ain't nobody say Smitty a victim. Oh, Whoa, whoa. All I'm saying is, hey, Whoa, whoa. Wait, wait. Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Who is Who? Hold on. Smitty is the victim here. What did they talk about? Smitty ain't no victim. He not No. Wait, he didn't know. Let's just go ahead. Not a victim. Okay. He not a victim. So the wife, the wife. But we, but we weren't, but we weren't trying to make him a victim. All we were saying is that it was two consenting adults.


Right. And what, What he knew. I I'm not here to say what he knew. 'cause I don't know. Smitty ain't never talked to me about it. And I I I don't talk about it. So I don't know what Smitty knew when he knew or how he found out. That's not what I'm saying. All we all Ocho I was saying is that, bro, your problem should be with her. Not him. Smitty isn't married to you. Smitty is not under the op. He Smitty doesn't owe you anything. She owes you that. She owes you loyalty. She owes you commitment. Not Smitty. Trying to figure out, I'm trying to, I'm trying to look, let me look in the chat and see who the hell is mentioning Smitty in the first place and not focused on the goddamn wife and a husband.


That's all I'm saying. Look, I I'm saying look, I what All I'm saying is, is that the guy, whatever the party is, the other party doesn't owe the individual anything. Because if it's a female, be mad at your husband, not the female. Because the female is not in the relationship with you. The female. If you are married, the female didn't make a commitment to you before God. Smitty did not make no commitment to this guy. The guy and the young lady had a, they took those vows. Those vows are sacred to them. That's what I'm saying. That's my stance now.


All that other stuff, however they want to take it. Whatever y'all want to take out of that. That's all I'm saying. Me. Hey, you just keep it moving you. If you are in a relationship, hey, I don't think this thing is gonna work out between us. Whatever the case, maybe that's what she wants you to do. And you go ahead and move on. If you married, hey, go ahead and get your lawyer. Draw this paper up, boom, boom, boom and keep it moving. It's, it's really that simple. Ocho hey, yes, Human nature is undefeated. Next topic. Jordan Love has reportedly been recruiting. Devonte Adams. Can you see Devonte going back to Green Bay? Oh, that's a Good one.


A nice veteran president for them Young Bulls out there. That's, I I like it. I like it. It may, it it, it makes sense to me. Romeo Dobbs Watson coming back off injury. We got Wix Reed. Devonte Adams is the veteran presence to show them boys, listen, this, this how you get it done. I like it. It's a nice vi vi viable weapon that's consistent and still play the game. He still got that sauce. There's nothing wrong with him. He might even, even even, he got a little edge on him. But I I I like that look, I like that look, I like what Jordan Love is doing too. And I'm sure Lele will open him back with open arms. I'm sure the Green Bay organization will open him back with open arms. I don't think he left with a b left them with a bad taste in their mouth as, as far as when he did leave.


But I think it'd be a good thing. I like it. I think the thing, when you got small kids, Ocho, the thing is that Devonte has kids and probably after October they're not gonna be able to go outside 'cause they're gonna be snowing the ground. Right. But It's been that way for eight years when it was there the first time. Huh. And I think the thing is, that's why one of the reasons why he went to Vegas, okay. He liked Vegas. Right, because he turned down more money. He left more money in Green Bay. Now maybe he got that money back because there's no state income tax. Right. But plus the kids, basically kids get to go outside for the most part nine months outta the year. So they're three months. It's too hot. They're not going outside.


But Ocho that's good. Look what OCHO and I is talking about is this situation. Now I would feel the same way if Smitty's wife called her because she is an owe no obligation to Smitty. You are in the re you are in the marriage. That's how that works. Ocho there's two sides. You and I are both looking at it. What we're saying is that we can only do what we, to our knowledge. Smitty's wife hasn't called the young lady. We're talking about the guy that called Smitty. We're not saying look, if two people are married Yes.


Because both sides, somebody got hurt on both sides. Woman on one side, man on the other side or vice versa. That's all we're saying. Ocho we haven't heard anything from Smitty's side. All we are hearing is from her side, which is her husband. That's it. Smitty is gonna whatever, whatever transpires Smitty's. Smitty is gonna have to have a conversation. He's gonna have to sit down and have a conversation with his wife. That's between them. Just like this should have been between him and her. That's all I'm saying. The, the public didn't have to, didn't have to hear about it.


But he tried and embarrass Smitty because he's hurt. So that's what this was about. Mm. Hurt people. Hurt people. Alright. Ocho. Yeah. Classico Burs has sold his game. What a dog at? Is that Super Bowl what? 52? 42 42 xl. Oh yeah. 30. Is that 37? 37. 37. XL is 30 35. Okay. We was, we was Super Bowl 35. Nah, it's gotta be, it's gotta be 40 something ash because we were Super Bowl 35 XXX five.


No. Yeah. So 12 years. So it'd been 2007. Yes. Okay. That's what I thought. 42. The highest, the highest anyone has ever paid for a Super Bowl ring. He sold the ring Ocho it went for $280,600 at auction. Burs made over 29 million in his career. Okay. I Have a question. Okay. You make two? Yes. I mean, I'm, I'm curious when people actually sell their rings or sell their memorabilia, especially two Bowl rings like this, does that mean that they don't have money anymore or he just wanted to get rid of him? I don't know what it means. Okay. I don't wanna speculate. Okay. I Don't, I'm I'm, I I'm Just, I mean, I say Tom Brady, I saw Tom Brady auction off his, his watches.


Do we not think, do we think Tom Brady is destitute? No. I I mean he's making 37 million from, from Fox. Yeah. Plus all of his out outside endeavors. So I don't think Tom Brady, maybe he wanted to get rid of those watches. Maybe he wants to replace 'em. I don't know. I don't, I don't. So I don't wanna speculate. I know people will speculate because it's a super, I mean, you work so hard to get that and now, You know, but sometimes it, it doesn't mean Super Bowl rings don't mean the same thing to everybody. Ocho And they think you can't eat them. Rings them, them rings ain't paying bills. But they can pay them bills once you get rid of, You know, So, You know Plex, he made over 29 million.


Let's just say he made 30 million. We gonna cut that in half for 15 million. Okay. He gotta live, I think he had a wife got kids. Okay. He got in trouble with the law. That probably ate up a million dollars right there. Dang Man. Ocho You know, it don't take And the problem is when you have money going out and you don't have any coming in. Ooh. See that's the problem. So Ocho you used to having money coming in. Right. So think about it. You gotta live now. I don't know, I don't know plaque's lifestyle, but I'm saying you got a mortgage, you got car note, you got kids, you got wife and you got nothing coming in. Right. That's why, see, that's why you see, and you, you wonder why I got, You know, 367, 11 jobs.


I gotta live, I got kids like I wa I want to get this mega yacht by the, by the end of 2026. And it's only one way I'm gonna get it by having multiple streams of income. Yeah. So I always like, I was like, damn bro. Damn. Would you ever auction off one of your rings? No. I, I got three kids. Each kid's gonna get a ring. I like that. Now what they do with it after that, that's on them. How do you decide which kid gets which ring?


The oldest. Kayla get the first one. Kiara get the second one. Pool get the last one. Now is there a way to decipher which Ring holds more valuable? Is worth more than the other? Or they, you think it's all, all all equal? I don't, I don't, I don't think anything this, that's the way I'm split it up When it comes to, when it comes to certain memorabilia. Yes sir. A lot of the stuff I'm gonna try to sell 'cause I know they're gonna sell it. Not the gold jacket that's not gonna sell. I probably end up donating that to Savannah State. Let them keep that. It's hard for them to keep stuff on campus 'cause they're worried about stuff. Steal people stealing it. Right. They took my jersey down. They had my jersey up. They tied my jersey many years ago. But they took it outta the case because they was worried about somebody stealing it.


Mm. And that, and that's unfortunate. But yeah, the kids, each kid to get a ring. I'm very fortunate. Three for three, I'm, You know, they'll get some stuff. Each one to get a Super Bowl jersey. Same thing. First, second, third. But most of the stuff, I'm just gonna end up selling it. 'cause I know they're gonna sell it. They're not gonna keep all those game balls that I won and stuff like that on show. It's just the cleats and stuff like this. You know, I would like for them to, but it doesn't mean the same, it doesn't mean the same to them as it meant to me. Right. So have you thought about what you want to want to give me? Or, or I ain't, I'm walking away empty handed.


I got got a Nightcap hat with my sign on. I got some boxing gloves you can shoot me. You can shoot, we can have a a three point competition for this LV basketball if you want to. Well that, so they, they get, they get the good stuff and I got, I get a LV basketball, Bro. You ain't even got your own memorabilia. What the hell you gonna do with mine? Sell it. Exactly. That's, that's why, that's why I'm beating them to the punch. Yeah. Nah, that's, that, that's, that's why I would beat them to the punch. 'cause I know that's what they gonna do and rapidly.


So. And I just, I I would just rather go ahead and take that outta the equation because like sometime the appearance, I mean, You know, they're gonna be taken care of, but they, somebody see them selling something man. I know he left them all that money and they ain't got no money now. Right. So I'm gonna take that off the plate. I tell you what, lemme get that Eagles heaven Eagles fans. I got, I got, I got something to sell y'all. What you got? What you got? Huh? What you got Eagles fan?


Y'all wanna buy this? Lemme see. Lemme the Old, Old school. Lemme see the face mask. I can tell you who it is. Irv Fryer. Yep. Am I right or wrong? Yeah, I I guess that, I dunno. I I saw the, I saw the face mask, so I was either gonna go with Urban Fryer or what's the receiver, what's my dog name? I can't remember my dog name. Played for the Bears. Huh? Played for the Eagles too. Play Sean Jeffries Wn. I Was gonna say Al Sean and Urban Fryer because I, I, I know I could, I could tell a receiver doesn't even have to have his helmet on, but I know who it is based on the team and then the face mask.


That's weird. I don't think they got these, I don't think they wear these helmets anymore. No, not the helmet, but just the, the, just the, the, I don't know it, it is weird how I can tell. No, I'm gonna, I'll be willing to get, y'all might be willing to partake with that. I'm trying to think, should I sell some, should I sell to my memorabilia? Yeah. Yeah. And just As, as the head. As the head though. And sell it and send me the proceeds. Oh, Joe Eagles DC Vic Fangio overrated the defense and team meeting for the second half performance in the Super Bowl. Jalen Hunt. Ja. Yeah. Hunt says even after the Super Bowl, after the team meeting was going over the parade prep, Fangio made the defense stay back and go over the game.


He gets to the second, second half and says, this is unacceptable, unacceptable. 22 points. He wants perfection. You like this OCHO Man. It's, it's cool. I like it. It's so, I mean, let's see. He's, he's setting the precedent. He's setting the standard on what they're gonna have to need to do and continue to do because they, I mean, they have the opportunity to win. The Dynasty young team is very young, both sides of the ball, You know. Yeah. A few old, few older players. But they have a chance to do something special with the chiefs almost. Were able to do the, the Eagles have a chance to run it again. So, You know, coach understands that and talking to his defense where mainly really everybody's probably coming back next year and including some added pieces, You know, via off season acquisitions and, and the draft.


So I mean, you, you setting the tone, you setting the precedent early. I I like it. I like it. I it kind of, kind of extreme. Especially after you already won and you had such a large lead. I mean, you're gonna, you're gonna give up some points. But, You know, for the most part, I mean they, they played extremely well. The reason why they were able to have a game the way they had is because of the defense in the first half. Yeah. For sure. First Half said everything wrong. They played it, they played extremely well and he wanted that same. He's like, y'all let up. We supposed to have a blank d we supposed to be the only team that have under the did not let up score a point At All. Because that's what he was looking for. Yeah. He didn't want him score a point. That Would've been, that would've been possible.


Hell, they didn't even get a first down. They didn't cross the 50 yard line. The whole first half. The whole first half. Huh. This is the, Go back a look at the Giants. How many, how many yards, how many yards did the Giants have against that Ravens defense? Jordan go back and pull up, you pull up the play by play for the Giants. Raven Super Bowl. I mean, you think, you think I don't think they had 200 yards. A ball offense. Yeah. Giants 35. They have 152 total yards. That's it. The whole game. Gimme the play by gimme, gimme, gimme the play by play. What they what they, because they went, you ought to see what they Oh, they didn't scored now they scored on the kickoff.


They didn't score no points on the offense. Yeah. That, that don't count. Offense Didn't score no points on offense. Oh yeah, they was, hold on. Yeah, you gotta, I mean you got, you gotta see this when you, when when, because they had like, we, they, they, no, I need to like play by play what the giants did. Like punt, punt nothing. Hey that. Hey, that's so, Hey, You know what's funny, huh? What that Like, every time you talk, every time you stop talking, like I'm sitting so close to the ocean, I, I could hear the waves hitting Crashing up.


Crashing up ashore. Every time you stop. If I was in Miami, you like man, I could hear UNC that be, Hey man, Let's see. Hey I wanna know about them mink. The mink pajamas. I'm finna Google that. I want some of them. They got a mink. What you call them? Mink. What Robe You serious? Yeah. Lemme, Lemme Google Lv. See how much it is About 18. 1800.


No Mink. Whoa. Mink rolled men's. They got a new one. They just, they just, Oh these ain't that expensive, huh? Doce And You looking at the Gr doce and cabana got a green one for 5 95. You got it. Bottega. That's it. I don't think this is the right kind of meek. I'm we talking about. I, I'll, I'll, I'll send it to you here. Lemme take this off. Well that botte of a nigga Venetta.


Nice Ocho yeah. Yes sir. The Giants three plays punt three plates. They got three plays. No yard, three plays, one yard, five plays 18 yards, three plays six yards. Okay. Three plays, two yards. Three plays. One yard inter interception. Nine plays 45 yards at three plays. Inter interception, interception, punt, interception, touchdown and ran the kickback replay. Zero yard replays minus four yards. Three plays four yards. End of game.


Golly. Hold On. Oh, this, that Raven Defense from 2000. Yeah. Oh yeah. I against the giant. I seen against the Giant. I see. I've seen him in person. I know what that, I know what that look like. So that, that's unbelievable. Them joke is with three plays, no yard, three plays, one yard, five plays 18 yards, three plays six yards, three plays, two yards, three plays, one yard, inception, punt, inception in interception, punt, inception, touchdown punt, punt, punt end of game. Damn. Yeah, I don't think y'all gonna see that again.


Minority candidates are now over for 29 in getting NFL offense coordinator jobs this season 29 OC jobs in a row to white coaches zero to minorities. The USA today are reporting O Joe, what you think? I mean it's nothing new. I'm not even sure why they're reporting it. It's been going on for the longest. It's been going on for the longest. You know, I'm not even sure Why're reporting it now. We continue to have this same discourse every single time it comes around after jobs they're taken or jobs are not given. And we continue to say the same thing over and over and over. We continue, we continue to fight over and over and over for positions that they don't want us in. And they continuously, they continuously make it clear that they don't want us in those positions and yet, You know, we still fight for 'em.


I'm not sure how long we're going to con continue to keep fighting for the positions that obviously we, we deserve, that we are qualified for. But obviously those that aren't as qualified as those that are still get them before us for a reason. 'cause they don't want us there. I'm not sure what else to say. Yeah, we did get ag got one job. Yeah. So Yeah, I guess baby steps out your baby steps. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, I'm, I'm with you. We, we, we've been, we've been, we've been crawling and taking baby steps for, for four oh years, You know.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kera. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf halves and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want keep up with us and here is Y App. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Right now we're being joined by two time Pro Bowl running back. James took James. Thank you for joining us bro. What up man? Jc what's up? What, what up my boy? Wait, Let me hold up Man. You got it. Shit Man. Hey listen, put it on the flow boy. I'm gonna pick it up man. James, let's talk about this great season that you had over a thousand yards, I think what 15 rush touchdowns during the season had an outstanding, like we just dropped him. Bear with this guy. He's on his cell phone. He was kind enough to join us. He was not gonna be in a situation where he could get land but bad. I appreciate that bro.


Yeah, I was, as I was saying, great season running. The football revamped offense as far as running the football offensive coordinator for first time, full time. He blended, took over last a year ago in the halfway through the season. When you look at what you, what you were able to do in particular and what this team was able to do, considering all the pieces that you lost, you lost your two top receivers. You, Matt Milano was injured a lot of the season, a lot of your dbs, both of your safeties and White gone, nobody really expected you guys to be in this situation. Did you really think that you guys had an op, had a chance to end up being where you were in the a FC championship game and what three points away from actually winning that game?


Without a doubt. I mean, when you got one seven back there, it's always a chance. Like that's what I say, like I just feel like he, he, he one of the best and he gonna put us in the best situation to always win. So when he back there and we back there and we connecting is is It is something great. Listen, everybody always talks about Josh Allen, they always talk about him losing, You know, some of the, some of the losing digs and then not having a superior Wide Receiver Weapons on the outside. But what people don't talk about enough of is what you've been able to do. You take some of the pressure off of Josh, Josh Allen, listen, you stepped into a bigger role in the Bill's offense, You know, how have you embraced being a centerpiece in that system?


I just came to work every day for real, for real. Like that's, that's all I can ever do. Like, I could control what I could control at end of the day, but Right when you don't come in there and work and you don't come in there and, and, and, and, and be that guy and that be that leader in the locker room, you will never be nothing. So that's what I tried to come and do and I feel like it been working. I'm a team guy. I'm I I'm always coming there and work and, and when it come on Sundays, I gotta gotta kill you. Shane, when I look at you guys, I mean you, you, you get so close every year. You had the best record in the, in the a FC LA two years ago and then you end up losing at to Baltimore and then this year you had unbelievable season and you lead lose to Kansas City in the championship game.


What is the next step? What do you guys need to do in order to get over that hump, which is Patrick Mahomes and the a FC? We just gotta be aggressive. Like I just feel like we gotta be aggressive and, and, and with a, with a guy like one five back there, you gotta, you gotta, you just gotta be them like moral of the story. Like I can't say nothing else. Just gotta beat him. So when you, when you come in games like that and, and You know when your back against the wall, then you gotta win and you got your guys next to you. You gotta go win shit. You, You know, you playing one fight, You know, You know, You know how it's going to be, You know it's gonna be ebbs and flows of the game. So you gotta just control what you can control and go out there and play football at the end of the day.


So you would, you would like to be more aggressive early on. You feel like you got, when you guys fell behind, then you became aggressive. You like to see that from the world jump, Let's go off the rip. Yeah, You know, it, it never happened. It never happens that way for some reason. Especially when you get to playoff games with games of, of, of extreme importance most of the time. I think sometimes, especially from a coaching standpoint, as an officer coordinator, you, so you, you overthink, you overthink the game instead of just playing free. You know, you already, you are, you already have what you've already done throughout the entirety of the season because you're playing the Kansas City Chiefs. There's no need to press, just continue to do what you've always done and you use your, use your bell cow, you for instance, and 17 and, and just rock out.


And I think they lost sight of that or he the officer court had lost sight of that once you got to that game and not allowing himself to just, just play freely. Call the plays freely because you got all you need right there in hand. And I think for, for one, y'all are gonna consistently be back. You know, obviously you, you're in a FC obviously I'm, I'm a Bengal fan, but understanding what you guys have, and I wanna talk about you from an individual standpoint and how much your game has evolved from a rookie to now and where you are right now. What do you think you need to work on as good as you've gotten from your rookie season to this point? What do you think you need to work on to continue to evolve at the running back position?


I just feel like I can, I just gotta keep getting better and You know, like be able to be on the field every down like in, in key situations. Like I feel like I could do it shit, just look at this point. Like what else more I could do? Like, right. So I just feel like, man, just keep me on the field and, and, and great things will happen. James. Hey, when also go, whoa, whoa. One more. Hold on. Oh, I got, I got one more. I like, I like this here. I like this. Listen, there, there are a lot of good running backs in the league, right? You know, Henrys the McCafferys. Even, even though he was injured for most of the season, if there was one thing you could take from one of the running backs in the league that you look up to and, and, and you are a fan of, if there was one thing from their game you could add to yours, what, what, what would, what would it be?


I'd go with Christian McCaffrey just to like, yeah, gi explosiveness that he got in his game, man, what he can do with the ball and so many positions that he can be in and, and you don't even know when he getting the ball and he's just getting the ball and just go this bitch like, yeah, like all that. Like, so just putting that traits in my game man. Be able to learn from, from what he doing and my, like I look up to my brother so it's like whatever he can, whatever I learned from him, I put that in my game and yeah, just try to just go out there and play football at the end of the day, shit, we've been doing it. Yes Sir. There are reports James, and you can confirm or deny this, that you want to be the highest paid running back in the NFL and man's like, hold on, wait a minute now I don't know if he's earned that or he's deserving of that.


What do you say to the vote that says, man James Cook don't deserve to be the highest paid running back. I'm sorry. At the end of the day, I feel like we just going against running backs. Right? And, and I feel like we deserve to get paid and, and because when they come down to the back end of this season, we, we, we, we play a big part of this shit like, so however they want to take it, then I'm standing with the running backs. Shit, we, we deserve it. Shit. Now, if I'm not mistaken, you could correct me if I'm wrong again. Now it's reported that there were a phone call between a lot of the top running backs, yourself and McCaffrey and Dick Henry and Seon Barkley and I think Josh Jacobs was on that call when you guys had that call.


If you were on that call, what was that discussion? Shit, we, we valuable and, and we deserving what we need. 'cause we, we in the trenches every time, shit, we bang shit when they come down to the stretch, we, we you, you gotta run the ball, right? So it's like, like how is we not valuable? Like how is we not valuable if we can we, the back end of the season you have to run the ball when it's snowing, y'all don't this shit get six feet of snow. So when you put this like we gotta run the ball hole. So it's like what more can you, like how is we not viable? Like at the end of the day, like his, his is is his point blank period. And you could see like what we do in, in the position that we play, we play a big part of offenses like just period.


Right. And You know what, you, you are correct in the NFL owners. I'm not sure when that dynamic shifted to where the, the running back position wasn't valued the way it used to be. Obviously during UMS era, You know, during my era, You know the running back was a very important position and you guys can actually fight. You guys have a case you guys can voice your reason for wanting and commanding the kind of money you want because players like you, Saquon, Derrick Henry, Christian McCaffrey and maybe maybe two others, You know your Jonathan Taylor? No, I'm gonna get Jamir Gibbs. Kim, Josh, Jay, Oh yeah, yeah. Jamir Gibbs, Josh Jo, Josh, Jacob as well. You guys are at the forefront of being able to command the kind of money you want because of what you all guys are able to do in taking some of the pressure off your quarterback when the team needs you guys to grind the clock out, who's the one to show up?


Y'all Be cows Bell cow. That's what it is. And and most of you can play three downs, use a goddamn dude threat. So you, you should be getting two goddamn checks. You can line up outside, you can catch it out the backfield, you can hand it off to you. I mean listen, it, it, I I'm I'm with you. Especially when it comes to getting paid because y'all bring a different dynamic than more than just being a running back. 'cause you do more than just run the goddamn ball. And I can say just one thing though. I just feel like, I just feel like, like we just do so much. Like, just like by going to practice and, and doing all the little shit, right? And I just feel like we deserving of it.


Like, like why not? Like shit, we work all our life to get paid. Like feel me, the big bucks like shit, why not bro? Like I want to go chase the highest, highest or the highest like, and I'm gonna keep doing it. Like, and I'm, I'm gonna stand on what I stand on like, and I, and I don't wanna feel like a cancer at all. 'cause I never, I don't like all that attention and all that, all that. Like that's not me. Like honestly like, and I just, I'm just standing on business man. If you Think about it and What I deserve. Go ahead. No, go ahead. Finish up. That's it. What I deserve When I, when, if you think about it James, since McCaffrey got that 16 million, nobody's even come close to that number.


And so now You know you're going to uncharted territory. You look at what Saquon got, I think Saquon got about 13 and a half. You saw what Derrick Henry got. He got about what, eight and a half. You see what Josh Jacobs got? I think he was around 12, 11 and a half, 12. So You know, when you say you wanna be the highest paid and McCaffery, is that the number that he's after? You know, you are reaching for the stars or you hope you land on the moon and get something close to that? Or you wanna super or you want to jump over that? Yeah, I just want to get what I get. I deserve shit. That's all, that's all I want to get what I asked for. That's all. What role? Lemme ask you a question.


I had a brother that played in the league before I got there. IIII idolized my brother and, and I wanted to be just like him. What role did your brother play and how good? 'cause I'm surprised. I I think everybody surprised you didn't follow his path at Florida State. You went to Georgia, you probably glad you did, but what role did your big brother play in in in the guy that we see today that's turned into one of the premier running backs in the NFLA big role? Honestly just like the, the just, if I ask him a question, it's just, he always there for me. It is like he always tell me to be myself. Don't ever like stop from what got you here to like create myself to being somebody that I'm not.


So I just feel like he, that's what he told me. And I'm gonna keep, continue to be in myself and just always have that older brother in my ear to always guide me in the right direction. And I'm a, that's my oldest brother and I'm gonna always listen to him. So I feel like he, he agree, he the great shit, he set the standard. So it's like why not follow it? It is like if I, if I don't follow it, it is like I set myself short 'cause I had a, a older brother to, to lead the weight and show me the ropes. I had to get there and if I don't follow it, I'm a failure. I feel like, You know what I'm saying? So it's like always just keep working hard and keep grinding and get what you want in life.


Shit. That's what I like to say. What? Yeah. Hey, You know, You know what's funny when I think about it, I I'm, I I would, I would've loved the opportunity to have a brother, You know, Santana, you, I'm trying to think other, other, gimme gimme one one more set of brother Jj, pj y Peyton and Eli. Mandy. JYI mean, yeah that man that has to be like the greatest feeling to have a brother. And when y'all were growing up, did y'all compete? Did y'all compete? Now obviously I know you went to I, I don't know, I'm not sure when you was at Central when he was at Central, you wasn't there though, obviously, right? You still Younger? Yeah. Nah, that thought that, that has to be the greatest feeling bro. We still Compete to this day. It it be so crazy. We compete at Uno still. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Hold on. Compete. Uno, we compete in the game. Shit. We, if we, whatever we could peak. 'cause like I I, we brothers and we understand like we never gonna go against each other and we always understand like at the end of the day, you my oldest brother and I respect you to the most up high and I never do nothing to ever even fail my family. Like, 'cause I know like I was God the right way. Lemme ask you, you this, what are some, what, what do you listen to to get you in that move to get you locked in before the game? So what, when you, when you, when you got the head the beats on and you got the headphones on and you what you, what you vibing with to get you locked in? I ain't even gonna lie to you.


I'm on, I'm on young boy, okay, yo, young boy time. It is like, I gotta get up, I gotta get up for the game. So it's like before the game I slow down, listen to a little RB okay, calm myself down before the game. Never, never get too low, never get too high. So pre-game, get myself together, environ to a little RB calm myself down. But before I get on the field and smell is hot and young boy, it's time to go. Hey, Hey. Has it ever bothered you? Right? Obviously being a Florida boy, You know how the weather is out here. It's, it is always hot, You know? Yeah. When we get, when we get a cold front, our cold front is about 70 degrees, 59 has The weather, have you gotten used to the weather out there in Buffalo?


Has it bothered you at all? No. You, you get adjusted to it. I I I feel like that's a mindset. Like shit, you gotta go out there and feed your family shit. What, what I shit gotta go out there and play at the end of the day, right? Hey, for two hours. So I just suck that shit up. What they paying? I ain't gotta be out there but two hours in it. I'm good stacking for. Oh yeah. Hey James, thank you man. Congratulations on the great season you made the Pro Bowl. Hopefully bigger and better things to come in the future. Hey, start back by. When you sign that big payday, start back by and drop something off for us. You already know that it, I appreciate that man.


Dave Cook. Alright boy, how that at You? I got All why The Volume?


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.